Hello everyone and welcome to today's hello everyone and welcome to today's ecosystem panel on. Ecosystem panel on ecosystem panel on fintech in africa I'm justin a vp of fintech in africa I'm justin a vp of. Fintech in africa I'm justin a vp of ecosystem here at the Stellar ecosystem here at the Stellar. Ecosystem here at the Stellar development foundation and today I'm development foundation and today I'm. Development foundation and today I'm joined by four esteemed colleagues joined by four esteemed colleagues. Joined by four esteemed colleagues weeza from chippercache joseph from dfs weeza from chippercache joseph from dfs. Weeza from chippercache joseph from dfs lab lab lab rick from ClickPesa and tori from leaf. Rick from ClickPesa and tori from leaf rick from ClickPesa and tori from leaf global. Global global who are all here to discuss the fintech who are all here to discuss the fintech. Who are all here to discuss the fintech landscape in africa so they're going to landscape in africa so they're going to. Landscape in africa so they're going to talk about talk about talk about the challenges and the opportunities. The challenges and the opportunities the challenges and the opportunities they see on the continent and in the. They see on the continent and in the they see on the continent and in the world in general. World in general world in general they're going to tell us about their they're going to tell us about their. They're going to tell us about their companies and their personal journey companies and their personal journey. Companies and their personal journey journeys journeys journeys and hopefully they'll even share some. And hopefully they'll even share some and hopefully they'll even share some advice for budding entrepreneurs. Advice for budding entrepreneurs advice for budding entrepreneurs so it's gonna be a fairly. so it's gonna be a fairly so it's gonna be a fairly freewheeling discussion but we will do. Freewheeling discussion but we will do freewheeling discussion but we will do our best to incorporate audience. Our best to incorporate audience our best to incorporate audience questions when possible. Questions when possible questions when possible so you'll see that there's a q a button. So you'll see that there's a q a button so you'll see that there's a q a button on your screen feel free to use it at. On your screen feel free to use it at on your screen feel free to use it at any time to submit a question. Any time to submit a question any time to submit a question before we kick off the discussion though. Before we kick off the discussion though before we kick off the discussion though. We will take a few minutes to allow each we will take a few minutes to allow each. We will take a few minutes to allow each panelist to introduce themselves and to panelist to introduce themselves and to. Panelist to introduce themselves and to give a little context about who they are give a little context about who they are. Give a little context about who they are and what they're up to and i'll start as. And what they're up to and i'll start as and what they're up to and i'll start as. I mentioned I'm justin from the Stellar I mentioned I'm justin from the Stellar I mentioned I'm justin from the Stellar. Development foundation development foundation development foundation which is a non-profit organization that. Which is a non-profit organization that which is a non-profit organization that seeks to support the growth and. Seeks to support the growth and seeks to support the growth and development of the Stellar network. Development of the Stellar network development of the Stellar network in order to increase equitable access to. In order to increase equitable access to in order to increase equitable access to. The world's financial infrastructure the world's financial infrastructure the world's financial infrastructure. So at sdf we believe Stellar has the so at sdf we believe Stellar has the so at sdf we believe Stellar has the. Potential to have a significant impact potential to have a significant impact potential to have a significant impact. In the world and we've also seen a ton in the world and we've also seen a ton in the world and we've also seen a ton. Of interest in Stellar in africa which of interest in Stellar in africa which of interest in Stellar in africa which. Is is is part of why we're hosting this ecosystem part of why we're hosting this ecosystem. Part of why we're hosting this ecosystem panel our goal here is to explore the panel our goal here is to explore the. Panel our goal here is to explore the experiences of aspiring companies that experiences of aspiring companies that. Experiences of aspiring companies that are delivering digital financial are delivering digital financial. Are delivering digital financial services across the continent services across the continent. Services across the continent but also we're seeking to encourage but also we're seeking to encourage. But also we're seeking to encourage those companies so in addition to this those companies so in addition to this. Those companies so in addition to this panel we're also launching the Stellar panel we're also launching the Stellar. Panel we're also launching the Stellar blockchain bootcamp with dfs lab in blockchain bootcamp with dfs lab in. Blockchain bootcamp with dfs lab in september september september we'll talk more about that at the end of. We'll talk more about that at the end of we'll talk more about that at the end of. The hour so stay tuned the hour so stay tuned the hour so stay tuned now i've mentioned Stellar a few. now i've mentioned Stellar a few now i've mentioned Stellar a few times now. Times now times now to make sure everyone knows what I'm to make sure everyone knows what I'm. to make sure everyone knows what I'm talking about I'm going to use the rest talking about I'm going to use the rest. Talking about I'm going to use the rest of my intro time to give a quick of my intro time to give a quick. Of my intro time to give a quick overview what is Stellar overview what is Stellar. Overview what is Stellar at a high level Stellar is a at a high level Stellar is a. At a high level Stellar is a decentralized open network that connects decentralized open network that connects. Decentralized open network that connects the world's financial infrastructure the world's financial infrastructure. The world's financial infrastructure it is a global public blockchain built it is a global public blockchain built. It is a global public blockchain built for interoperability for interoperability for interoperability. And to further financial access and and to further financial access and and to further financial access and. Inclusion and it does that by making inclusion and it does that by making inclusion and it does that by making. Money more fluid money more fluid money more fluid thanks to its speed and scale and. Thanks to its speed and scale and thanks to its speed and scale and ability to represent and transfer value. Ability to represent and transfer value ability to represent and transfer value it also makes markets more open because. It also makes markets more open because it also makes markets more open because when financial infrastructure is. When financial infrastructure is when financial infrastructure is connected connected. Connected you have greater geographical and you have greater geographical and you have greater geographical and. Affordable access to markets affordable access to markets affordable access to markets. And ultimately it empowers people and ultimately it empowers people and ultimately it empowers people. Because it gives them real ownership because it gives them real ownership because it gives them real ownership. Of the value in their possession so of the value in their possession so of the value in their possession so. Stellar is a platform that allows Stellar is a platform that allows Stellar is a platform that allows. Businesses and developers all over the businesses and developers all over the businesses and developers all over the. World to build solutions to real world world to build solutions to real world world to build solutions to real world. Problems problems problems and many of the businesses represented and many of the businesses represented. And many of the businesses represented on this panel do just that on this panel do just that. On this panel do just that they build on Stellar so enough about they build on Stellar so enough about. They build on Stellar so enough about Stellar I will Stellar I will Stellar I will. Move on and let each of our panelists move on and let each of our panelists move on and let each of our panelists. Introduce themselves introduce themselves introduce themselves starting with wiza from chipper cache. Starting with wiza from chipper cache starting with wiza from chipper cache over to you. Over to you over to you thank you justin hey everyone my name thank you justin hey everyone my name. thank you justin hey everyone my name is wiesa talakasi is wiesa talakasi is wiesa talakasi. I am a malawian living between I am a malawian living between I am a malawian living between. Nairobi and johannesburg I am the vice nairobi and johannesburg I am the vice nairobi and johannesburg I am the vice. President of global developer relations president of global developer relations president of global developer relations. At super cache at super cache at super cache triple cash is a mobile wallet triple cash is a mobile wallet. triple cash is a mobile wallet the largest smartphone only mobile the largest smartphone only mobile. the largest smartphone only mobile money service money service money service operating on the continent with coverage. Operating on the continent with coverage operating on the continent with coverage. Across across across eight different african geographies as eight different african geographies as. Eight different african geographies as well as the uk and the united states well as the uk and the united states. Well as the uk and the united states and we enable about 4 million users and we enable about 4 million users. And we enable about 4 million users all of our jurisdictions to send each all of our jurisdictions to send each. All of our jurisdictions to send each other almost a billion dollars other almost a billion dollars. Other almost a billion dollars each and every year we've got basic each and every year we've got basic. Each and every year we've got basic peer-repair peer-repair peer-repair functionality both local and. Functionality both local and functionality both local and international depending on the. International depending on the international depending on the jurisdiction that you're in. Jurisdiction that you're in jurisdiction that you're in we also enable users to get. we also enable users to get we also enable users to get virtual and physical. Virtual and physical virtual and physical prepaid debit cards that they can prepaid debit cards that they can. prepaid debit cards that they can have tied to their chipper wallet have tied to their chipper wallet. Have tied to their chipper wallet as well as purchasing some crypto as well as purchasing some crypto. as well as purchasing some crypto assets namely bitcoin assets namely bitcoin assets namely bitcoin. Ethereum usdc a few more in the ethereum usdc a few more in the ethereum usdc a few more in the. Pipeline pipeline pipeline as we make our crypto trading as we make our crypto trading. as we make our crypto trading platform a bit more robust platform a bit more robust. Platform a bit more robust fractional investing in u.s stocks fractional investing in u.s stocks . fractional investing in u.s stocks air time and data bundles across the air time and data bundles across the. Air time and data bundles across the board as well as various kinds of bill board as well as various kinds of bill. Board as well as various kinds of bill payments for their respective payments for their respective. Payments for their respective jurisdictions jurisdictions jurisdictions we're a young company three years old. We're a young company three years old we're a young company three years old. But we've managed to grow pretty quickly but we've managed to grow pretty quickly. But we've managed to grow pretty quickly over the last over the last over the last. Year year and a half right now at 160 year year and a half right now at 160 year year and a half right now at 160. People people people we're building on stella's solutions to we're building on stella's solutions to. We're building on stella's solutions to explore explore explore the viability of cross-border settlement. The viability of cross-border settlement the viability of cross-border settlement. With african with african with african stable coins a lot of the cross-border stable coins a lot of the cross-border. Stable coins a lot of the cross-border trade that takes place in africa is trade that takes place in africa is. Trade that takes place in africa is intermediated intermediated intermediated somewhat unnecessarily by the u.s dollar. Somewhat unnecessarily by the u.s dollar somewhat unnecessarily by the u.s dollar. And we think that we can take advantage and we think that we can take advantage and we think that we can take advantage. Of these of these of these stable coins to facilitate inter africa stable coins to facilitate inter africa. Stable coins to facilitate inter africa trade in a much more efficient and cost trade in a much more efficient and cost. Trade in a much more efficient and cost effective way effective way effective way. Fantastic thank you next up we have fantastic thank you next up we have fantastic thank you next up we have. Joseph from dfs joseph from dfs joseph from dfs lab joseph yeah hi lab joseph yeah hi. Lab joseph yeah hi thanks justin hi everyone thanks justin hi everyone . Thanks justin hi everyone I'm joseph head of entrepreneur support I'm joseph head of entrepreneur support. I'm joseph head of entrepreneur support at dfs lab at dfs lab at dfs lab dfs lab is an early stage investor in. Dfs lab is an early stage investor in dfs lab is an early stage investor in companies for custom digital commerce we. Companies for custom digital commerce we companies for custom digital commerce we. Typically invest in pre-seed and seed typically invest in pre-seed and seed typically invest in pre-seed and seed. Stage stage stage you know anywhere from twenty five you know anywhere from twenty five. You know anywhere from twenty five thousand dollars to fifty thousand thousand dollars to fifty thousand. Thousand dollars to fifty thousand dollars dollars dollars and we work with founders to help. and we work with founders to help and we work with founders to help them understand their markets. Them understand their markets them understand their markets help them grow their users and also. help them grow their users and also help them grow their users and also help them you know raise bigger. Help them you know raise bigger help them you know raise bigger rounds in the future over the last five. Rounds in the future over the last five rounds in the future over the last five years. Years years we've invested in companies like ochova we've invested in companies like ochova. We've invested in companies like ochova pula suppliers one pipe and a bunch of pula suppliers one pipe and a bunch of. Pula suppliers one pipe and a bunch of other you know companies other you know companies. Other you know companies we also run software and capital we also run software and capital. we also run software and capital which is which is which is at least like basically an angel club . At least like basically an angel club at least like basically an angel club . That allows seasoned and new investors that allows seasoned and new investors that allows seasoned and new investors. To invest to invest to invest you know anywhere from 2500 upwards you know anywhere from 2500 upwards. You know anywhere from 2500 upwards in companies were also invested in so in companies were also invested in so. In companies were also invested in so yeah yeah yeah thank you great next up is rick from. Thank you great next up is rick from thank you great next up is rick from click pacer rick thank you. Click pacer rick thank you click pacer rick thank you justin hi everyone justin hi everyone. justin hi everyone my name is rick I'm the co-founder and my name is rick I'm the co-founder and. My name is rick I'm the co-founder and director of director of director of click passer ClickPesa has a company. Click passer ClickPesa has a company click passer ClickPesa has a company operating in east africa. Operating in east africa operating in east africa since 2018 we provide a toolbox of. Since 2018 we provide a toolbox of since 2018 we provide a toolbox of digital tools such as invoicing. Digital tools such as invoicing digital tools such as invoicing crm and e-commerce solutions. Crm and e-commerce solutions crm and e-commerce solutions combined with payments to smes and. Combined with payments to smes and combined with payments to smes and freelancers in east africa. Freelancers in east africa freelancers in east africa clepasa is active in the market kenya. Clepasa is active in the market kenya clepasa is active in the market kenya tanzania and rwanda helping local. Tanzania and rwanda helping local tanzania and rwanda helping local businesses perform better. Businesses perform better businesses perform better to increase productivity and to increase productivity and. To increase productivity and profitability profitability profitability our mission is to simplify doing. Our mission is to simplify doing our mission is to simplify doing business for companies. Business for companies business for companies in or within east africa we've been. In or within east africa we've been in or within east africa we've been building building. Building on Stellar since 2018 whereby last year on Stellar since 2018 whereby last year. On Stellar since 2018 whereby last year we became an we became an we became an anchor on the Stellar network clickbait. Anchor on the Stellar network clickbait anchor on the Stellar network clickbait is a small company. Is a small company is a small company company around 10 people whereby most of company around 10 people whereby most of. Company around 10 people whereby most of us us us are operating from tanzania and. Are operating from tanzania and are operating from tanzania and excited to talk further about Stellar. Excited to talk further about Stellar excited to talk further about Stellar in this panel looking forward for this. In this panel looking forward for this in this panel looking forward for this our. Our our thank you fantastic thank you and thank you fantastic thank you and thank you fantastic thank you and. Finally from leaf global we have tori finally from leaf global we have tori finally from leaf global we have tori. Tori take it away tori take it away tori take it away thanks justin hi everyone really excited. Thanks justin hi everyone really excited thanks justin hi everyone really excited. To be joining the Stellar community to be joining the Stellar community to be joining the Stellar community. Again today you all have been again today you all have been again today you all have been. Such a source of support over the years such a source of support over the years such a source of support over the years. So happy to be with you so happy to be with you so happy to be with you my name is tori samples and I'm the. My name is tori samples and I'm the my name is tori samples and I'm the co-founder and cto of leaf global. Co-founder and cto of leaf global co-founder and cto of leaf global fintech fintech. Fintech I am based in kigali rwanda and leaf I am based in kigali rwanda and leaf. I am based in kigali rwanda and leaf currently operates in currently operates in currently operates in. Rwanda uganda and kenya with goals to rwanda uganda and kenya with goals to rwanda uganda and kenya with goals to. Expand across the continent expand across the continent expand across the continent. And into other markets eventually such and into other markets eventually such and into other markets eventually such. As latin america and the middle east and as latin america and the middle east and. As latin america and the middle east and europe as well europe as well europe as well. We are a digital wallet that allows we are a digital wallet that allows we are a digital wallet that allows. People to safely store and transport people to safely store and transport people to safely store and transport. Their money across borders their money across borders their money across borders different than other digital wallets. Different than other digital wallets different than other digital wallets though we we really operate down market. Though we we really operate down market though we we really operate down market we started with refugees and have. We started with refugees and have we started with refugees and have expanded into cross-border traders. Expanded into cross-border traders expanded into cross-border traders and informal merchants people that don't. And informal merchants people that don't and informal merchants people that don't. Have access to the formal financial have access to the formal financial have access to the formal financial. System system system they don't have bank accounts they they don't have bank accounts they. They don't have bank accounts they probably have a mobile money account if probably have a mobile money account if. Probably have a mobile money account if they're in east africa they're in east africa. They're in east africa but that's fairly limited in that it's but that's fairly limited in that it's. But that's fairly limited in that it's very expensive and difficult to cross very expensive and difficult to cross. Very expensive and difficult to cross networks and to cross borders networks and to cross borders. Networks and to cross borders and so leaf allows them to store their and so leaf allows them to store their. And so leaf allows them to store their money over time in different currencies money over time in different currencies. Money over time in different currencies to send and receive peer-to-peer with to send and receive peer-to-peer with. To send and receive peer-to-peer with friends and family and other countries friends and family and other countries. Friends and family and other countries for free for free for free and they can cash in and cash out from. And they can cash in and cash out from and they can cash in and cash out from any mobile money number and the. Any mobile money number and the any mobile money number and the countries in which we operate. Countries in which we operate countries in which we operate we've also started adding in things like. We've also started adding in things like we've also started adding in things like. Airtime purchase airtime purchase airtime purchase and value-add services into the wallet. And value-add services into the wallet and value-add services into the wallet and the best part is that it's. And the best part is that it's and the best part is that it's accessible over basic phones so you. Accessible over basic phones so you accessible over basic phones so you don't even need a smartphone to use leaf. Don't even need a smartphone to use leaf don't even need a smartphone to use leaf. We use a technology called ussd that we use a technology called ussd that we use a technology called ussd that. Brings the powerful Stellar based brings the powerful Stellar based brings the powerful Stellar based. Backend you know all built on blockchain backend you know all built on blockchain. Backend you know all built on blockchain into this really low-tech environment into this really low-tech environment. Into this really low-tech environment where people where people where people don't need to know that there's a. Don't need to know that there's a don't need to know that there's a blockchain behind the scenes they don't. Blockchain behind the scenes they don't blockchain behind the scenes they don't need to understand crypto to use our. Need to understand crypto to use our need to understand crypto to use our stablecoins. Stablecoins stablecoins and they don't need to have a smartphone and they don't need to have a smartphone. And they don't need to have a smartphone or data connection or data connection or data connection. Internet connection in order to use our internet connection in order to use our internet connection in order to use our. Services fantastic thanks and thanks to all four fantastic thanks and thanks to all four. Of you for joining I think of you for joining I think of you for joining I think so at this point we're just going to. So at this point we're just going to so at this point we're just going to sort of move into a discussion and i. Sort of move into a discussion and I sort of move into a discussion and I think again. Think again think again anyone who's watching feel free to anyone who's watching feel free to. Anyone who's watching feel free to submit questions via q a we will submit questions via q a we will. Submit questions via q a we will incorporate them into the discussion incorporate them into the discussion. Incorporate them into the discussion when possible when possible when possible and I think generally you know we're. and I think generally you know we're and I think generally you know we're here to sort of talk about the finnscape. Here to sort of talk about the finnscape here to sort of talk about the finnscape. Fintech landscape in africa and to talk fintech landscape in africa and to talk fintech landscape in africa and to talk. About these solutions about these solutions about these solutions to talk about sort of observations that. To talk about sort of observations that to talk about sort of observations that the people on the panel have about. The people on the panel have about the people on the panel have about what's going on in the world. What's going on in the world what's going on in the world and and I think I kind of want to. and and I think I kind of want to and and I think I kind of want to start broad. Start broad start broad and I think the question that I and I think the question that i. and I think the question that I actually want to start with actually want to start with. Actually want to start with is each of you have a product that is each of you have a product that. Is each of you have a product that incorporates blockchain that targets a incorporates blockchain that targets a. Incorporates blockchain that targets a specific specific specific sort of user base how did you identify. Sort of user base how did you identify sort of user base how did you identify that user base. That user base that user base and how did you decide that blockchain and how did you decide that blockchain. And how did you decide that blockchain was a good solution to sort of was a good solution to sort of. Was a good solution to sort of offer them and I guess i'll I know offer them and I guess i'll I know. Offer them and I guess i'll I know that this will become a more that this will become a more. That this will become a more freewheeling conversation but freewheeling conversation but. Freewheeling conversation but I think to start with I will just call I think to start with I will just call. I think to start with I will just call on tori on tori on tori since she was the last to speak sure and. Since she was the last to speak sure and since she was the last to speak sure and. And we might be the most and we might be the most and we might be the most niche market play of everyone. Niche market play of everyone niche market play of everyone represented today so happy to start. Represented today so happy to start represented today so happy to start I mentioned that we started with. I mentioned that we started with I mentioned that we started with refugees and this became apparent. Refugees and this became apparent refugees and this became apparent to my co-founder not robinson and I as. To my co-founder not robinson and I as to my co-founder not robinson and I as we were really digging into the refugee. We were really digging into the refugee we were really digging into the refugee crisis. Crisis crisis before looking at the technology side before looking at the technology side. before looking at the technology side so we identified that there was this gap. So we identified that there was this gap so we identified that there was this gap. In the market where in the market where in the market where up to 80 of the the cross-border market. Up to 80 of the the cross-border market up to 80 of the the cross-border market in africa is still cash based it's. In africa is still cash based it's in africa is still cash based it's informal so people are crossing the. Informal so people are crossing the informal so people are crossing the border with cash in hand. Border with cash in hand border with cash in hand which can be very dangerous but then it. Which can be very dangerous but then it which can be very dangerous but then it also is just expensive over time it's. Also is just expensive over time it's also is just expensive over time it's inconvenient. Inconvenient inconvenient and it doesn't allow people to move into and it doesn't allow people to move into. And it doesn't allow people to move into the formal economy over time so we saw a. The formal economy over time so we saw a the formal economy over time so we saw a. Significant gap there significant gap there significant gap there and in looking at ways to formalize that. And in looking at ways to formalize that and in looking at ways to formalize that. And and to do it with a sustainable and and to do it with a sustainable and and to do it with a sustainable. Business we saw blockchain as a really business we saw blockchain as a really business we saw blockchain as a really. Good option good option good option this was early 2018 so the landscape was this was early 2018 so the landscape was. This was early 2018 so the landscape was a little bit different a little bit different. A little bit different but we knew from the bat that or right but we knew from the bat that or right. But we knew from the bat that or right off the bat that off the bat that off the bat that. Bitcoin and ethereum were not going to bitcoin and ethereum were not going to bitcoin and ethereum were not going to. Be a good fit for what we needed because be a good fit for what we needed because. Be a good fit for what we needed because we knew that we would be dealing with we knew that we would be dealing with. We knew that we would be dealing with small transaction sizes and a customer small transaction sizes and a customer. Small transaction sizes and a customer base that didn't have base that didn't have. Base that didn't have 10 minutes to an hour to wait to know 10 minutes to an hour to wait to know. 10 minutes to an hour to wait to know the status of their transaction the status of their transaction. The status of their transaction and so as we started digging into and so as we started digging into. And so as we started digging into different solutions we found Stellar different solutions we found Stellar. Different solutions we found Stellar through a contact of ours actually in through a contact of ours actually in. Through a contact of ours actually in mexico and mexico and mexico and and we found that it was a really good. And we found that it was a really good and we found that it was a really good technical fit. Technical fit technical fit and so we we did look at other and so we we did look at other. And so we we did look at other blockchains for sure blockchains for sure blockchains for sure. And eventually found our way back to and eventually found our way back to and eventually found our way back to. Sellers started building out the wallet sellers started building out the wallet sellers started building out the wallet. And during that time it was interesting and during that time it was interesting and during that time it was interesting. To see how the regulatory landscape to see how the regulatory landscape to see how the regulatory landscape. Changed as well and the attitudes changed as well and the attitudes changed as well and the attitudes. Towards blockchain so if anything I towards blockchain so if anything I towards blockchain so if anything i. Think over the last few years think over the last few years think over the last few years. It's become an even better fit for us it's become an even better fit for us it's become an even better fit for us. Because because because Stellar makes it so much easier to work Stellar makes it so much easier to work. Stellar makes it so much easier to work with regulators and central banks with regulators and central banks. With regulators and central banks because of the stablecoin approach that because of the stablecoin approach that. Because of the stablecoin approach that we're able to take using our own custom we're able to take using our own custom. We're able to take using our own custom assets assets assets acting as a by-proxy anchor for our. Acting as a by-proxy anchor for our acting as a by-proxy anchor for our wallet customer base. Wallet customer base wallet customer base so we also we work with licensed so we also we work with licensed. So we also we work with licensed entities to hold and move funds so that entities to hold and move funds so that. Entities to hold and move funds so that makes it easier as well but makes it easier as well but. Makes it easier as well but but overall I think the approach was but overall I think the approach was. But overall I think the approach was identify the problem identify the problem identify the problem. Identify who it touches and their unique identify who it touches and their unique. Identify who it touches and their unique needs and then find a technical solution. Needs and then find a technical solution needs and then find a technical solution. To fit that need great does anyone else have like I mean great does anyone else have like I mean. There's there's a lot of interesting there's there's a lot of interesting there's there's a lot of interesting. Stuff there but stuff there but stuff there but before we sort of move on to talk about. Before we sort of move on to talk about before we sort of move on to talk about regulatory questions and things like. Regulatory questions and things like regulatory questions and things like that that. That does anyone else have like something does anyone else have like something does anyone else have like something. That they can say or that they can say or that they can say or perspective on how they selected their. Perspective on how they selected their perspective on how they selected their user base or how they decided to explore. User base or how they decided to explore user base or how they decided to explore. Blockchain as a solution for problems blockchain as a solution for problems blockchain as a solution for problems. That their users face how about so let's move in there so how about so let's move in there so. On our side we don't actually on our side we don't actually on our side we don't actually. Expose a lot of like blockchain expose a lot of like blockchain expose a lot of like blockchain. Functionalized to our users except for functionalized to our users except for functionalized to our users except for. The assets that the assets that the assets that we will we allow them to buy and sell. We will we allow them to buy and sell we will we allow them to buy and sell and send and receive. And send and receive and send and receive in the app and we're adding a bunch of in the app and we're adding a bunch of. In the app and we're adding a bunch of Stellar assets on there very soon Stellar assets on there very soon. Stellar assets on there very soon but like it's more of our operational but like it's more of our operational. but like it's more of our operational backend right so backend right so backend right so. You know in in a good month we'll be you know in in a good month we'll be you know in in a good month we'll be. Moving anywhere between 80 to maybe 150 moving anywhere between 80 to maybe 150 moving anywhere between 80 to maybe 150. Million dollars a month across million dollars a month across million dollars a month across. African currency pairs it is very african currency pairs it is very african currency pairs it is very. Expensive to try and do a conversion to expensive to try and do a conversion to expensive to try and do a conversion to. Us dollars and then like convert us us dollars and then like convert us us dollars and then like convert us. Dollars back into whatever like dollars back into whatever like dollars back into whatever like. Destination currency destination currency destination currency that you actually have so like I can. that you actually have so like I can that you actually have so like I can give you an example one of our most. Give you an example one of our most give you an example one of our most popular corridors. Popular corridors popular corridors is uganda and nigeria both ways right is uganda and nigeria both ways right. is uganda and nigeria both ways right one might not typically imagine that one might not typically imagine that. One might not typically imagine that there's quite a bit of cross-border there's quite a bit of cross-border. There's quite a bit of cross-border trade that takes place trade that takes place. Trade that takes place between those two markets but our data between those two markets but our data. Between those two markets but our data seems to suggest otherwise seems to suggest otherwise. Seems to suggest otherwise so we can find ourselves in a scenario so we can find ourselves in a scenario. So we can find ourselves in a scenario where where where today we have way too much naira in. Today we have way too much naira in today we have way too much naira in nigeria nigeria. Nigeria and the other day we have got way too and the other day we have got way too. And the other day we have got way too much ugandan shillings in uganda how do much ugandan shillings in uganda how do. Much ugandan shillings in uganda how do we quickly move we quickly move we quickly move. money around across these currency money around across these currency money around across these currency. Pairs such that we pairs such that we pairs such that we we are not unnecessarily losing money. We are not unnecessarily losing money we are not unnecessarily losing money. By by by doing unnecessary conversions to the us doing unnecessary conversions to the us. Doing unnecessary conversions to the us dollar at dollar at dollar at typically unfavorable rates so you'll. Typically unfavorable rates so you'll typically unfavorable rates so you'll find that like most forex bureaus bureau. Find that like most forex bureaus bureau find that like most forex bureaus bureau. De challenge banks de challenge banks de challenge banks will not have like an exchange rate for. Will not have like an exchange rate for will not have like an exchange rate for the nigerian. The nigerian the nigerian naira to the ugandan shilling but if you naira to the ugandan shilling but if you. Naira to the ugandan shilling but if you look at stable coin pairs you can find look at stable coin pairs you can find. Look at stable coin pairs you can find either a direct the conversion rate either a direct the conversion rate. Either a direct the conversion rate between the two currency pairs between the two currency pairs. Between the two currency pairs or a currency pair that's like a lot or a currency pair that's like a lot. Or a currency pair that's like a lot more cost efficient than more cost efficient than. More cost efficient than translating to the us dollar translating to the us dollar. translating to the us dollar typically something like usdc typically something like usdc. Typically something like usdc so it started making a lot of sense to so it started making a lot of sense to. So it started making a lot of sense to us very er us very er us very er early after encountering encountering. Early after encountering encountering early after encountering encountering this problem that. This problem that this problem that stable coins might be the way to go here stable coins might be the way to go here. Stable coins might be the way to go here the biggest challenge of course has been. The biggest challenge of course has been the biggest challenge of course has been. Around getting around getting around getting our our partners and we work mostly with. Our our partners and we work mostly with our our partners and we work mostly with. Banks in many markets to be able to banks in many markets to be able to banks in many markets to be able to. Move money around getting our bank move money around getting our bank move money around getting our bank. Partners to have a high degree of partners to have a high degree of partners to have a high degree of. Comfort comfort comfort around stable coins and how those around stable coins and how those. around stable coins and how those stable coins are backed stable coins are backed. Stable coins are backed has been a bit of a challenge though has been a bit of a challenge though. Has been a bit of a challenge though we've been able to make a lot of headway we've been able to make a lot of headway. We've been able to make a lot of headway and I think the future is promising what. And I think the future is promising what and I think the future is promising what. What's what's what's most encouraging for me about it is that most encouraging for me about it is that. Most encouraging for me about it is that once the regulators and other once the regulators and other. Once the regulators and other stakeholders stakeholders stakeholders start to understand the cost benefits. Start to understand the cost benefits start to understand the cost benefits of using this approach and once they see. Of using this approach and once they see of using this approach and once they see. Some examples at scale some examples at scale some examples at scale of other countries and other. Of other countries and other of other countries and other jurisdictions where there's been a. Jurisdictions where there's been a jurisdictions where there's been a common sense regulatory framework that. Common sense regulatory framework that common sense regulatory framework that has worked and. Has worked and has worked and has not collapsed or created some degree has not collapsed or created some degree. Has not collapsed or created some degree of chaos it's very easy for of chaos it's very easy for. Of chaos it's very easy for other countries in the region to adopt other countries in the region to adopt. Other countries in the region to adopt and copy that sort of model and I think and copy that sort of model and I think. And copy that sort of model and I think it will it will it will it will be a much more different. It will be a much more different it will be a much more different landscape in the next three to five. Landscape in the next three to five landscape in the next three to five years years. Years across the continent great I mean yeah great I mean yeah yeah for us it's it's been quite. Yeah for us it's it's been quite yeah for us it's it's been quite we also don't. we also don't we also don't really showcase it to the user really showcase it to the user. really showcase it to the user as in that since it's a similar as in that since it's a similar. As in that since it's a similar situation and similar reasons situation and similar reasons. Situation and similar reasons as chipper cache and I believe I as chipper cache and I believe i. As chipper cache and I believe I wanted to add there that one of the wanted to add there that one of the. Wanted to add there that one of the reasons we reasons we reasons we we chose the Stellar blockchain. We chose the Stellar blockchain we chose the Stellar blockchain is also the I mean obviously the. Is also the I mean obviously the is also the I mean obviously the division division. Division of the Stellar of the Stellar of the Stellar development foundation which we. Development foundation which we development foundation which we felt very aligned with but also a lot. Felt very aligned with but also a lot felt very aligned with but also a lot. Of of of a lot of action which is also quite a lot of action which is also quite a lot of action which is also quite. Important so important so important so I think sdf has been over the last I think sdf has been over the last. I think sdf has been over the last couple of years couple of years couple of years. Put a lot of effort behind building a put a lot of effort behind building a put a lot of effort behind building a. Good ecosystem good ecosystem good ecosystem so whether it be anchors wallets traders. So whether it be anchors wallets traders so whether it be anchors wallets traders.    more and more parties are coming to the more and more parties are coming to the. More and more parties are coming to the ecosystems ecosystems ecosystems and the operations that the Stellar. And the operations that the Stellar and the operations that the Stellar blockchain offers. Blockchain offers blockchain offers therefore are getting quicker and more therefore are getting quicker and more. Therefore are getting quicker and more efficient and it also makes it cheaper efficient and it also makes it cheaper. Efficient and it also makes it cheaper and that all in a in a decentralized way and that all in a in a decentralized way. And that all in a in a decentralized way one example is for example adding of. One example is for example adding of one example is for example adding of the. The the the usdc the usdc the usdc Stellar asset which was added earlier Stellar asset which was added earlier. Stellar asset which was added earlier this year this year this year these are all great developments that. These are all great developments that these are all great developments that that that. That make the ecosystem much better which make the ecosystem much better which make the ecosystem much better which. Benefits everyone that interacts with benefits everyone that interacts with benefits everyone that interacts with. The ecosystem the ecosystem the ecosystem and yeah that's only only getting and yeah that's only only getting. And yeah that's only only getting better so that has also been better so that has also been. Better so that has also been one of the reasons for us that we we one of the reasons for us that we we. One of the reasons for us that we we went for the Stellar blockchain great and we're getting some good. Great and we're getting some good questions in the q a too and one of them questions in the q a too and one of them. Questions in the q a too and one of them sort of touches on something that's come. Sort of touches on something that's come sort of touches on something that's come. Up a few times which is up a few times which is up a few times which is basically regulations and the. Basically regulations and the basically regulations and the question from peter is how have the. Question from peter is how have the question from peter is how have the participants found complying with the. Participants found complying with the participants found complying with the travel rule slash. Travel rule slash travel rule slash wire transfer regulations and wire transfer regulations and. Wire transfer regulations and demonstrating this to regulators and demonstrating this to regulators and. Demonstrating this to regulators and banking partners banking partners banking partners. So question about the travel rule and so question about the travel rule and so question about the travel rule and. Wire transfer regulations wire transfer regulations wire transfer regulations are there challenges in complying. are there challenges in complying are there challenges in complying with regulations. With regulations with regulations is that one of the big challenges that is that one of the big challenges that. Is that one of the big challenges that you face you face you face I guess rick maybe just you can answer. I guess rick maybe just you can answer I guess rick maybe just you can answer that one since you're. That one since you're that one since you're since you're on the spot still sure since you're on the spot still sure. Since you're on the spot still sure yeah the the countries we are yeah the the countries we are. yeah the the countries we are operating operating operating the cryptocurrency regulation. the cryptocurrency regulation the cryptocurrency regulation is all very young and non-existing. Is all very young and non-existing is all very young and non-existing so we we've taken quite a pragmatic. so we we've taken quite a pragmatic so we we've taken quite a pragmatic approach to it and you do the trial. Approach to it and you do the trial approach to it and you do the trial and error approach so. And error approach so and error approach so for us for all use case we are an anchor. For us for all use case we are an anchor for us for all use case we are an anchor. On the on the on the on the network issuing on the network issuing on the network issuing. Tokens which tokens which tokens which people can can people can can people can can. Buy or sell and buy or sell and buy or sell and that that fitted for us in existing. That that fitted for us in existing that that fitted for us in existing regulation. Regulation regulation and yeah and yeah and yeah to be able to buy and sell you need a. To be able to buy and sell you need a to be able to buy and sell you need a bank partner. Bank partner bank partner so we also regularly so we also regularly so we also regularly. like sit with them and and see how to like sit with them and and see how to. like sit with them and and see how to adjust how we how we approach adjust how we how we approach. adjust how we how we approach regulation or or compliance or aml regulation or or compliance or aml. regulation or or compliance or aml around this does anyone else want to speak about. Does anyone else want to speak about sort of regulatory challenges or just sort of regulatory challenges or just. Sort of regulatory challenges or just regulation in general victoria looks regulation in general victoria looks. Regulation in general victoria looks like you're ready like you're ready like you're ready. To go sure yeah and only because we get to go sure yeah and only because we get to go sure yeah and only because we get. To have this conversation like five to have this conversation like five to have this conversation like five. Times a day with times a day with times a day with everyone right it's the first thing that. Everyone right it's the first thing that everyone right it's the first thing that. Anyone asks about when they hear anyone asks about when they hear anyone asks about when they hear. What we're doing especially if we what we're doing especially if we what we're doing especially if we. Mention refugees just because there's a mention refugees just because there's a mention refugees just because there's a. Stereotype there stereotype there stereotype there but we actually we put all of our. But we actually we put all of our but we actually we put all of our customers through. Customers through customers through stringent kyc and aml checks at stringent kyc and aml checks at. Stringent kyc and aml checks at onboarding and then onboarding and then onboarding and then. they're able to do transactions they're able to do transactions they're able to do transactions. Within the system but of course within the system but of course within the system but of course. There are limits on that so I think there are limits on that so I think there are limits on that so I think. One of one of the advantages of building one of one of the advantages of building. One of one of the advantages of building in africa in africa in africa is that widely . Is that widely is that widely there has been some regulatory treatment there has been some regulatory treatment. There has been some regulatory treatment of e-money in the last 10 to 15 years of e-money in the last 10 to 15 years. Of e-money in the last 10 to 15 years starting with in pesa and kenya and starting with in pesa and kenya and. Starting with in pesa and kenya and expanding into mobile money and mobile expanding into mobile money and mobile. Expanding into mobile money and mobile banking banking banking across the continent and so when we. Across the continent and so when we across the continent and so when we approach regulators to say. Approach regulators to say approach regulators to say this is what we're doing this is the. This is what we're doing this is the this is what we're doing this is the approach that we're taking this is a. Approach that we're taking this is a approach that we're taking this is a digital representation of value. Digital representation of value digital representation of value that is stored and held with licensed. That is stored and held with licensed that is stored and held with licensed financial institutions. Financial institutions financial institutions in fiat behind the scenes that sounds. In fiat behind the scenes that sounds in fiat behind the scenes that sounds familiar to them. Familiar to them familiar to them because it sounds it fits the framework because it sounds it fits the framework. Because it sounds it fits the framework that they have for that they have for that they have for. Mobile money for example in east africa mobile money for example in east africa mobile money for example in east africa. So I think that we've so I think that we've so I think that we've we've found a lot of success using that. We've found a lot of success using that we've found a lot of success using that approach and it's definitely part of our. Approach and it's definitely part of our approach and it's definitely part of our. Growth strategy to identify areas that growth strategy to identify areas that growth strategy to identify areas that. The regulatory treatment of leaf is the regulatory treatment of leaf is the regulatory treatment of leaf is. Going to be favorable going to be favorable going to be favorable that's I think that that is changing. that's I think that that is changing that's I think that that is changing globally. Globally globally and it's probably going to be a while and it's probably going to be a while. And it's probably going to be a while before every country has before every country has. Before every country has explicit regulation on blockchain or explicit regulation on blockchain or. Explicit regulation on blockchain or crypto based digital wallets but I think crypto based digital wallets but I think. Crypto based digital wallets but I think in the next five years there probably in the next five years there probably. In the next five years there probably will be some sort of framework for will be some sort of framework for. Will be some sort of framework for e-value generally and so again the e-value generally and so again the. E-value generally and so again the the way that we do that the way that we do that. The way that we do that is is very important for our long-term is is very important for our long-term. Is is very important for our long-term success it's not just success it's not just. Success it's not just because there's a framework here or because there's a framework here or. Because there's a framework here or anyone can succeed I mean we've put anyone can succeed I mean we've put. Anyone can succeed I mean we've put a lot of thought and intention into the a lot of thought and intention into the. A lot of thought and intention into the design to make it work for the existing design to make it work for the existing. Design to make it work for the existing frameworks frameworks frameworks the potential for change over time and. The potential for change over time and the potential for change over time and and working within the maybe informal. And working within the maybe informal and working within the maybe informal political relationships of the existing. Political relationships of the existing political relationships of the existing landscape because. Landscape because landscape because it doesn't at the end of the day it it doesn't at the end of the day it. It doesn't at the end of the day it might not matter only what the law says might not matter only what the law says. Might not matter only what the law says it matters who's already in the space it matters who's already in the space. It matters who's already in the space and and how and and how and and how what they're doing how they're being. What they're doing how they're being what they're doing how they're being treated and so making sure that we can. Treated and so making sure that we can treated and so making sure that we can play nicely with. Play nicely with play nicely with licensed commercial banks telcos licensed commercial banks telcos. Licensed commercial banks telcos psps payment providers or payment psps payment providers or payment. Psps payment providers or payment processors that's all very important to processors that's all very important to. Processors that's all very important to us and so our our solution is very much us and so our our solution is very much. Us and so our our solution is very much meant to play nicely so that we can get meant to play nicely so that we can get. Meant to play nicely so that we can get traction with existing financial traction with existing financial. Traction with existing financial institutions and regulators because if institutions and regulators because if. Institutions and regulators because if it only works it only works it only works at the tech layer and it doesn't work in. At the tech layer and it doesn't work in at the tech layer and it doesn't work in. The real world then it doesn't work at the real world then it doesn't work at the real world then it doesn't work at. All all all so I think that's that's been our our so I think that's that's been our our. So I think that's that's been our our approach and all of that and it seems to approach and all of that and it seems to. Approach and all of that and it seems to be working well so far at least in be working well so far at least in. Be working well so far at least in east africa yeah so just to follow up on you know. Yeah so just to follow up on you know tory and rick tory and rick tory and rick . I'm was seeing like more I'm was seeing like more I'm was seeing like more . Well I say kind of opening up rights of well I say kind of opening up rights of well I say kind of opening up rights of. Regulators regulators regulators so in nigeria where I live so in nigeria where I live. so in nigeria where I live for example there was the brush you for example there was the brush you. For example there was the brush you know know know kind of ban on just general crypto. kind of ban on just general crypto kind of ban on just general crypto activities. Activities activities and almost an extent of you know and almost an extent of you know. and almost an extent of you know making it almost making it almost making it almost. In a way criminal but then earlier in a way criminal but then earlier in a way criminal but then earlier. This month we've seen the cba and the this month we've seen the cba and the this month we've seen the cba and the. Central bank say central bank say central bank say you know they're working on you know. you know they're working on you know you know they're working on you know a central bank digital currency. A central bank digital currency a central bank digital currency which is which to me is kind of positive. Which is which to me is kind of positive which is which to me is kind of positive. it's it's it's to me it's it seems to be like there's to me it's it seems to be like there's. To me it's it seems to be like there's some engagement with stakeholders some engagement with stakeholders. Some engagement with stakeholders and then they're beginning to understand and then they're beginning to understand. And then they're beginning to understand you know how this works you know how this works. You know how this works and I expect that we'll continue to and I expect that we'll continue to. and I expect that we'll continue to see that across see that across see that across. You know multiple governments across you know multiple governments across you know multiple governments across. The continents the continents the continents it might not be like easy over like. it might not be like easy over like it might not be like easy over like and as smooth as we would expect it to. And as smooth as we would expect it to and as smooth as we would expect it to be especially in countries where. Be especially in countries where be especially in countries where you don't have the framework of mobile. You don't have the framework of mobile you don't have the framework of mobile money or a money. Money or a money money or a money you know for context right and so you know for context right and so. You know for context right and so well I believe it's going to be with well I believe it's going to be with. Well I believe it's going to be with with the work that is being done by with the work that is being done by. With the work that is being done by you know most lots of the companies like you know most lots of the companies like. You know most lots of the companies like chipakash chipakash chipakash global will you know will probably see. Global will you know will probably see global will you know will probably see more friendliness from. More friendliness from more friendliness from from regulators over the coming years. Without any insights on regulatory without any insights on regulatory compliance compliance. Compliance and the challenges involved hopes plans and the challenges involved hopes plans. And the challenges involved hopes plans dreams dreams dreams yeah I guess there's two parts. Yeah I guess there's two parts yeah I guess there's two parts i'd want to think about the first was in. I'd want to think about the first was in i'd want to think about the first was in. Reference to like the travel rule reference to like the travel rule reference to like the travel rule. So we've been fortunate enough that like so we've been fortunate enough that like. So we've been fortunate enough that like a lot of our a lot of our a lot of our transactions for under the fincen. Transactions for under the fincen transactions for under the fincen threshold limit which was previously i. Threshold limit which was previously I threshold limit which was previously I think three thousand dollars is now. Think three thousand dollars is now think three thousand dollars is now being being. Being proposed to be as low as 250 proposed to be as low as 250 proposed to be as low as 250. A lot of our transactions are typically a lot of our transactions are typically a lot of our transactions are typically. Below that amount but higher in below that amount but higher in below that amount but higher in. Frequency frequency frequency so you know you don't have to so you know you don't have to . So you know you don't have to be as stringent when following that be as stringent when following that. Be as stringent when following that though we do have like the though we do have like the. Though we do have like the infrastructure in place to be able to infrastructure in place to be able to. Infrastructure in place to be able to pass on all of the relevant pass on all of the relevant. Pass on all of the relevant parameters regarding the transaction so parameters regarding the transaction so. Parameters regarding the transaction so you know the address the name you know the address the name. You know the address the name transaction amount the stated purpose transaction amount the stated purpose. Transaction amount the stated purpose etc so we can pass that programmatically etc so we can pass that programmatically. Etc so we can pass that programmatically as parameters to our payment partners as parameters to our payment partners. As parameters to our payment partners when they're processing so they have a when they're processing so they have a. When they're processing so they have a record record record of all of these informations as and. of all of these informations as and of all of these informations as and when the transactions are taking place. When the transactions are taking place when the transactions are taking place so it's actually not that hard in terms. So it's actually not that hard in terms so it's actually not that hard in terms of you know being compliant. Of you know being compliant of you know being compliant what is challenging is that the. What is challenging is that the what is challenging is that the regulatory frameworks are you know. Regulatory frameworks are you know regulatory frameworks are you know highly fragmented across markets. Highly fragmented across markets highly fragmented across markets so you need to set up like a separate. So you need to set up like a separate so you need to set up like a separate compliance structure. Compliance structure compliance structure in each and every country like of the. in each and every country like of the in each and every country like of the. 160 people that are working at your 160 people that are working at your 160 people that are working at your. Broadcast today broadcast today broadcast today about 60 of them are in the legal risk. About 60 of them are in the legal risk about 60 of them are in the legal risk and compliance team. And compliance team and compliance team and and you know this is like a very and and you know this is like a very. And and you know this is like a very software heavy software heavy software heavy. Service like we've got like 40 engineers service like we've got like 40 engineers. Service like we've got like 40 engineers so you can imagine how so you can imagine how. so you can imagine how seriously we take that and we found seriously we take that and we found. seriously we take that and we found that like you know that like you know that like you know. Engaging the regulator early a lot of engaging the regulator early a lot of engaging the regulator early a lot of. The times we have this almost the times we have this almost the times we have this almost. Perspective that perspective that perspective that the regulator is not pro innovation they. The regulator is not pro innovation they the regulator is not pro innovation they. Want things to say the certain way or want things to say the certain way or want things to say the certain way or. That they don't understand that they don't understand that they don't understand I think that's not the right attitude to. I think that's not the right attitude to I think that's not the right attitude to. Approach conversations with the approach conversations with the approach conversations with the. Regulator like there are people regulator like there are people regulator like there are people. Just as much as you and me I'm sitting just as much as you and me I'm sitting just as much as you and me I'm sitting. In the office of all of these central in the office of all of these central in the office of all of these central. Banks but then their incentives are very banks but then their incentives are very. Banks but then their incentives are very different from ours different from ours different from ours. And what is a the most useful approach and what is a the most useful approach and what is a the most useful approach. Has been has been has been demonstrating technical mechanisms demonstrating technical mechanisms. Demonstrating technical mechanisms which satisfy the the requirements and which satisfy the the requirements and. Which satisfy the the requirements and the interests that the regulators have the interests that the regulators have. The interests that the regulators have you know you know you know we've been able to set up this. We've been able to set up this we've been able to set up this cross-border wallet in south africa one. Cross-border wallet in south africa one cross-border wallet in south africa one of the most. Of the most of the most strictly regulated financial services strictly regulated financial services. Strictly regulated financial services markets in the world markets in the world markets in the world. by taking the surprise to say like by taking the surprise to say like by taking the surprise to say like. Okay guys we want to do this thing okay guys we want to do this thing okay guys we want to do this thing. We know that no one has done it quite we know that no one has done it quite we know that no one has done it quite. Like this before but how do we make it like this before but how do we make it like this before but how do we make it. Happen as opposed to happen as opposed to happen as opposed to the law says we can't make it happen. the law says we can't make it happen the law says we can't make it happen you know so I think. You know so I think you know so I think by taking that fragmented approach by taking that fragmented approach. by taking that fragmented approach and investing in those relationships and investing in those relationships. And investing in those relationships early early early you'll be able to set up and and. you'll be able to set up and and you'll be able to set up and and scale quite quickly in some of these. Scale quite quickly in some of these scale quite quickly in some of these markets. Markets markets there's another question that was there's another question that was. There's another question that was asked by afolabi asked by afolabi asked by afolabi. in regards to crypto saying for in regards to crypto saying for in regards to crypto saying for. Crypto related companies like chipper crypto related companies like chipper crypto related companies like chipper. Cash will allow users to use btc on app cash will allow users to use btc on app cash will allow users to use btc on app. How do you comply with local regulations how do you comply with local regulations. How do you comply with local regulations so it's about understanding so it's about understanding. So it's about understanding what the state of the regulation is in what the state of the regulation is in. What the state of the regulation is in that market and that market and that market and. Adapting as and when things change adapting as and when things change adapting as and when things change. Before the central bank of nigeria before the central bank of nigeria before the central bank of nigeria. Directive we allowed all of our users in directive we allowed all of our users in. Directive we allowed all of our users in nigeria to transact nigeria to transact nigeria to transact. We've since disabled that we've since disabled that we've since disabled that. Functionality for functionality for functionality for those nigerian users in order to comply. Those nigerian users in order to comply those nigerian users in order to comply with the new regulation. With the new regulation with the new regulation in markets like uganda and south africa. In markets like uganda and south africa in markets like uganda and south africa where. Where where you don't have an explicit explicit you don't have an explicit explicit . You don't have an explicit explicit prohibition prohibition prohibition of crypto we're able to run the services. Of crypto we're able to run the services of crypto we're able to run the services. And we are actually trying to help and we are actually trying to help and we are actually trying to help. To formulate some common sense to formulate some common sense to formulate some common sense. Frameworks that enable frameworks that enable frameworks that enable the regulator to to regulate crypto. The regulator to to regulate crypto the regulator to to regulate crypto effectively. Effectively effectively and even in markets like nigeria it's and even in markets like nigeria it's. And even in markets like nigeria it's important to note that the prohibition important to note that the prohibition. Important to note that the prohibition was was was it is not illegal to own or hold. It is not illegal to own or hold it is not illegal to own or hold cryptocurrencies. Cryptocurrencies cryptocurrencies but the the central bank did instruct but the the central bank did instruct . But the the central bank did instruct centralized exchanges centralized exchanges. Centralized exchanges to not connect to the centralized to not connect to the centralized. To not connect to the centralized banking systems so there's been very banking systems so there's been very. Banking systems so there's been very interesting ways that people have interesting ways that people have. Interesting ways that people have gone around that gone around that gone around that. Sort of like setting up digital and sort of like setting up digital and sort of like setting up digital and. Physical agent networks physical agent networks physical agent networks and we're exploring some of that in some. And we're exploring some of that in some and we're exploring some of that in some. Of our markets to see whether it might of our markets to see whether it might of our markets to see whether it might. Be a viable alternative yeah it's interesting I mean one thing yeah it's interesting I mean one thing. That I'm thinking about as you're that I'm thinking about as you're that I'm thinking about as you're. Telling that story is that you have to telling that story is that you have to telling that story is that you have to. Be able to adapt to sudden change right be able to adapt to sudden change right be able to adapt to sudden change right. You don't necessarily know what's coming you don't necessarily know what's coming. You don't necessarily know what's coming next there's a lot of uncertainty and as. Next there's a lot of uncertainty and as next there's a lot of uncertainty and as. New information comes in you have to new information comes in you have to new information comes in you have to. Sort of figure out sort of figure out sort of figure out where to steer and you have to be pretty. Where to steer and you have to be pretty where to steer and you have to be pretty. Nimble so I guess one thing I'm curious nimble so I guess one thing I'm curious nimble so I guess one thing I'm curious. About from all of you is like what is about from all of you is like what is about from all of you is like what is. The the the sort of most unexpected thing that's sort of most unexpected thing that's. Sort of most unexpected thing that's happened as you've been building happened as you've been building. Happened as you've been building your company and how did you respond tori do you want to go go ahead I saw. tori do you want to go go ahead I saw you come off me you come off me you come off me. No no go ahead go for it thanks yeah so no no go ahead go for it thanks yeah so no no go ahead go for it thanks yeah so. There have been like several scenarios there have been like several scenarios there have been like several scenarios. Where especially in our earlier days where especially in our earlier days where especially in our earlier days. When we were like operating in certain when we were like operating in certain when we were like operating in certain. Markets and we didn't have a very much markets and we didn't have a very much markets and we didn't have a very much. For compliance structure for compliance structure for compliance structure you know we'll be having the time of our. You know we'll be having the time of our you know we'll be having the time of our. Lives all-time highs lives all-time highs lives all-time highs incredible volumes and then your partner. Incredible volumes and then your partner incredible volumes and then your partner. Processor just calls you and says processor just calls you and says processor just calls you and says. We've received the cease and desist we've received the cease and desist we've received the cease and desist. Letter to shut down your services letter to shut down your services letter to shut down your services. Immediately like and it's like at 2 immediately like and it's like at 2 immediately like and it's like at 2. Am am am right and like there's no explanation right and like there's no explanation. Right and like there's no explanation there's no negotiation there's like yeah there's no negotiation there's like yeah. There's no negotiation there's like yeah you can come and talk about it next week. You can come and talk about it next week you can come and talk about it next week. But like right now but like right now but like right now we're seizing and assisting this because. We're seizing and assisting this because we're seizing and assisting this because. We don't understand exactly what you're we don't understand exactly what you're we don't understand exactly what you're. Doing doing doing and this happens this has happened to us and this happens this has happened to us. And this happens this has happened to us quite a lot especially in the year 2019 quite a lot especially in the year 2019. Quite a lot especially in the year 2019 it's really been a function of not it's really been a function of not. it's really been a function of not like really having the right like really having the right. Like really having the right relationships and relationships and relationships and. having the right structures in place having the right structures in place having the right structures in place. To manage these adverse events as and to manage these adverse events as and to manage these adverse events as and. When they occur when they occur when they occur something that is a bit counterintuitive. Something that is a bit counterintuitive something that is a bit counterintuitive. It's a bit controversial but i'll still it's a bit controversial but i'll still it's a bit controversial but i'll still. Say it anyway say it anyway say it anyway it's my personal belief that a lot of it's my personal belief that a lot of. It's my personal belief that a lot of the the people in power sometimes the the the people in power sometimes the. The the people in power sometimes the people in positions of power people in positions of power. People in positions of power they might not be there because they they might not be there because they. They might not be there because they like meritocratically earned that like meritocratically earned that. Like meritocratically earned that position right they're not like position right they're not like. Position right they're not like the absolute smartest people to be the absolute smartest people to be. The absolute smartest people to be sitting in that role sitting in that role. Sitting in that role due to some other factors maybe there's due to some other factors maybe there's. Due to some other factors maybe there's like the president's cousin and whatever like the president's cousin and whatever. Like the president's cousin and whatever else else else they're sitting in some you know really. They're sitting in some you know really they're sitting in some you know really important position in a central bank or. Important position in a central bank or important position in a central bank or something. Something something now that individual does not necessarily now that individual does not necessarily. Now that individual does not necessarily have the exposure and acumen to be able have the exposure and acumen to be able. Have the exposure and acumen to be able to assess the viability of your business to assess the viability of your business. To assess the viability of your business purely on marriage purely on marriage purely on marriage. Right and that is like a fundamental right and that is like a fundamental right and that is like a fundamental. Reality of the structures and reality of the structures and reality of the structures and. Institutions that we have institutions that we have institutions that we have in africa today a lot of people seem not. In africa today a lot of people seem not in africa today a lot of people seem not. To pay attention to the fact that to pay attention to the fact that to pay attention to the fact that. African republics as an idea are about african republics as an idea are about african republics as an idea are about. 50 to 60 years old 50 to 60 years old 50 to 60 years old and you're applying frameworks and. And you're applying frameworks and and you're applying frameworks and regulatory structures from countries. Regulatory structures from countries regulatory structures from countries that have had. That have had that have had institutions for hundreds if not institutions for hundreds if not. Institutions for hundreds if not thousands of years it doesn't really thousands of years it doesn't really. Thousands of years it doesn't really work the same work the same work the same so in a scenario like that in that type. So in a scenario like that in that type so in a scenario like that in that type of environment it is. Of environment it is of environment it is really really important that you know really really important that you know. Really really important that you know the right people in every country the right people in every country. The right people in every country such that when you get flagged for doing such that when you get flagged for doing. Such that when you get flagged for doing something those people are able to make something those people are able to make. Something those people are able to make a case on your behalf a case on your behalf. A case on your behalf to help the other people who might be in to help the other people who might be in. To help the other people who might be in positions of power positions of power positions of power. To understand that you're not actually to understand that you're not actually to understand that you're not actually. Trying to break the law you're trying to trying to break the law you're trying to. Trying to break the law you're trying to introduce a new level of innovation introduce a new level of innovation. Introduce a new level of innovation which is compliant which is actually which is compliant which is actually. Which is compliant which is actually helping some of the government and helping some of the government and. Helping some of the government and the state the state the state actors to achieve their intended targets. Actors to achieve their intended targets actors to achieve their intended targets. And that is a lot easier said than done and that is a lot easier said than done and that is a lot easier said than done. But I think you know investing in but I think you know investing in but I think you know investing in. Relationships and making sure that relationships and making sure that relationships and making sure that. You're always communicating you're always communicating you're always communicating. preemptively has been very very preemptively has been very very preemptively has been very very. Useful in helping us useful in helping us useful in helping us maintain this type of business across. maintain this type of business across maintain this type of business across. The continent I'm gonna jump on that because that's I'm gonna jump on that because that's. That's our experience at least the first that's our experience at least the first. That's our experience at least the first part as well when somebody a partner part as well when somebody a partner. Part as well when somebody a partner just calls and says just calls and says just calls and says. we noticed this this growth on your we noticed this this growth on your we noticed this this growth on your. System system system and it's become big enough that it's and it's become big enough that it's. And it's become big enough that it's been flagged by our partners and now been flagged by our partners and now. Been flagged by our partners and now we're gonna have to put a hold on we're gonna have to put a hold on. We're gonna have to put a hold on everything until we understand exactly everything until we understand exactly. Everything until we understand exactly what's happening what's happening what's happening. And and the reaction of course on our and and the reaction of course on our and and the reaction of course on our. Side is well we've been through side is well we've been through side is well we've been through. Compliance we've been through these compliance we've been through these compliance we've been through these. Conversations this isn't this is not a conversations this isn't this is not a conversations this isn't this is not a. Surprise surprise surprise it's great that we're growing that it's great that we're growing that. it's great that we're growing that fast that we you know caused a flip in fast that we you know caused a flip in. Fast that we you know caused a flip in your entire system but your entire system but. Your entire system but that's that shouldn't be the that's that shouldn't be the that's that shouldn't be the. Conversation we're having today conversation we're having today conversation we're having today. And and so I think that for us it's been and and so I think that for us it's been. And and so I think that for us it's been a matter of a matter of a matter of intentional duplication within the. Intentional duplication within the intentional duplication within the system to make sure that. System to make sure that system to make sure that when that happens with one partner we. When that happens with one partner we when that happens with one partner we can very quickly. Can very quickly can very quickly adapt and shift to another and so making adapt and shift to another and so making. Adapt and shift to another and so making sure that we are truly an sure that we are truly an. Sure that we are truly an integrations hub with lots of options to integrations hub with lots of options to. Integrations hub with lots of options to keep our our operations going and to keep our our operations going and to. Keep our our operations going and to provide flexibility for our customers is provide flexibility for our customers is. Provide flexibility for our customers is really important really important really important. And then the other thing that I would and then the other thing that I would and then the other thing that I would. Add I think the the relationships add I think the the relationships add I think the the relationships. Point is point is point is is spot on those always help no matter is spot on those always help no matter. Is spot on those always help no matter where you are where you are where you are . But also I think there's this there's but also I think there's this there's but also I think there's this there's. This gap this gap this gap where again it doesn't matter at the end where again it doesn't matter at the end. Where again it doesn't matter at the end of the day of the day of the day well it doesn't only matter what the law. Well it doesn't only matter what the law well it doesn't only matter what the law. Says or what the regulations say says or what the regulations say says or what the regulations say. It matters who is looking at those and it matters who is looking at those and it matters who is looking at those and. And and and how they're interpreting them and so we how they're interpreting them and so we. How they're interpreting them and so we before we go into any market spend a lot before we go into any market spend a lot. Before we go into any market spend a lot of time looking at the regulatory of time looking at the regulatory. Of time looking at the regulatory framework framework framework and what exactly we can do and can't do. And what exactly we can do and can't do and what exactly we can do and can't do and we make sure to comply with that. And we make sure to comply with that and we make sure to comply with that because. Because because we want to be able to serve customers we want to be able to serve customers. We want to be able to serve customers and we want to be able to operate and and we want to be able to operate and. And we want to be able to operate and and and and we want to stay within the law but if. We want to stay within the law but if we want to stay within the law but if you get somebody who. You get somebody who you get somebody who is not in a position where that's part is not in a position where that's part. Is not in a position where that's part of their day-to-day job and they don't of their day-to-day job and they don't. Of their day-to-day job and they don't understand understand understand exactly what we're doing they don't. Exactly what we're doing they don't exactly what we're doing they don't understand exactly what a blockchain is. Understand exactly what a blockchain is understand exactly what a blockchain is perhaps behind the scenes that's always. Perhaps behind the scenes that's always perhaps behind the scenes that's always a big buzzword. A big buzzword a big buzzword you know they can set people's risk you know they can set people's risk. you know they can set people's risk factors off and so factors off and so factors off and so. if that person is the one who is if that person is the one who is if that person is the one who is. Tasked with tasked with tasked with deciding somebody's fate deciding somebody's fate. Deciding somebody's fate they usually are not the ones who want they usually are not the ones who want. They usually are not the ones who want to stick their necks out on the line and to stick their necks out on the line and. To stick their necks out on the line and so so so making sure that we we understand. Making sure that we we understand making sure that we we understand exactly what the law says and we're able. Exactly what the law says and we're able exactly what the law says and we're able. To communicate that effectively to to communicate that effectively to to communicate that effectively to. People who probably should know it but people who probably should know it but people who probably should know it but. Really don't really don't really don't has been a big challenge for us and I has been a big challenge for us and i. has been a big challenge for us and I think we think we think we think we're getting better at it but we. Think we're getting better at it but we think we're getting better at it but we still come across it all the time. Yeah it's interesting I mean well joseph yeah it's interesting I mean well joseph. Or rick do you have anything to sort of or rick do you have anything to sort of or rick do you have anything to sort of. Add on this topic anything add on this topic anything add on this topic anything about the biggest surprises how you've. About the biggest surprises how you've about the biggest surprises how you've dealt with them now for. Dealt with them now for dealt with them now for for us it's been similar similar. For us it's been similar similar for us it's been similar similar examples examples. Examples similar fears of shutting down similar fears of shutting down similar fears of shutting down. An account and I think especially for an account and I think especially for . An account and I think especially for sort for sort for sort for fintechs in in especially in africa. Fintechs in in especially in africa fintechs in in especially in africa is that it's quite important . Is that it's quite important is that it's quite important when when the product is evolving that. When when the product is evolving that when when the product is evolving that you you keep flexibility. You you keep flexibility you you keep flexibility in your product and because yeah those. In your product and because yeah those in your product and because yeah those things are. Things are things are unfortunately there and yeah if you unfortunately there and yeah if you. Unfortunately there and yeah if you you you you you can't respond quick enough . You can't respond quick enough you can't respond quick enough that that means that yeah it can kill. That that means that yeah it can kill that that means that yeah it can kill your business for a while. Your business for a while your business for a while so flexibility is definitely . So flexibility is definitely so flexibility is definitely something you need to have as a fintech. Yeah definitely so in in in an area yeah definitely so in in in an area for my life I was the co-founder of. For my life I was the co-founder of for my life I was the co-founder of the fintech. The fintech the fintech and these experiences are very like very and these experiences are very like very. And these experiences are very like very similar similar similar where you have partners just. where you have partners just where you have partners just basically basically. Basically in in you know in in our case in in you know in in our case in in you know in in our case. You know we our customers just couldn't you know we our customers just couldn't you know we our customers just couldn't. Do a transaction anymore a certain kind do a transaction anymore a certain kind do a transaction anymore a certain kind. Of trans of trans of trans transaction anymore and then you know we transaction anymore and then you know we. Transaction anymore and then you know we reach out to our partners and like oh we. Reach out to our partners and like oh we reach out to our partners and like oh we. You know we cut you off because you know you know we cut you off because you know. You know we cut you off because you know this this this the central bank reached out and you. The central bank reached out and you the central bank reached out and you know and so. Know and so know and so yeah it's it's being able to you know yeah it's it's being able to you know. Yeah it's it's being able to you know have multiple partners have multiple partners. Have multiple partners constantly like wizard said you know constantly like wizard said you know. constantly like wizard said you know constantly being constantly being constantly being. Like you know build relationships like you know build relationships like you know build relationships . With both regulators and your partners with both regulators and your partners with both regulators and your partners. Such that such that such that you know it's easy to overcome you know you know it's easy to overcome you know. You know it's easy to overcome you know times like this but times like this but times like this but. Yeah generally they'll just always come yeah generally they'll just always come yeah generally they'll just always come. Up you almost can't avoid them up you almost can't avoid them up you almost can't avoid them. Yeah I guess the the this is also sort yeah I guess the the this is also sort yeah I guess the the this is also sort. Of a general question right of a general question right of a general question right. If so far we've sort of been talking if so far we've sort of been talking if so far we've sort of been talking. About the solutions that you built and about the solutions that you built and about the solutions that you built and. The customers that you serve the customers that you serve the customers that you serve. But I think there's also people in the but I think there's also people in the but I think there's also people in the. Audience who are sort of budding audience who are sort of budding audience who are sort of budding. Entrepreneurs who are interested in entrepreneurs who are interested in entrepreneurs who are interested in. Hearing about your experiences actually hearing about your experiences actually hearing about your experiences actually. Building a fintech and building a fintech and building a fintech and you know being able to like sort of. You know being able to like sort of you know being able to like sort of respond to unexpected circumstances. Respond to unexpected circumstances respond to unexpected circumstances to be flexible that that seems like. to be flexible that that seems like to be flexible that that seems like part of it but I guess. Part of it but I guess part of it but I guess I'm also interested in any advice that. I'm also interested in any advice that I'm also interested in any advice that you would have for someone who's. You would have for someone who's you would have for someone who's interested in starting. Interested in starting interested in starting a fintech company or who's interested in. A fintech company or who's interested in a fintech company or who's interested in. Scaling one that they've started scaling one that they've started scaling one that they've started. like what what's like sort of the is like what what's like sort of the is like what what's like sort of the is. There there there is there a number one thing that you is there a number one thing that you. Is there a number one thing that you would suggest to keep in mind if you're would suggest to keep in mind if you're. Would suggest to keep in mind if you're trying to build your own business trying to build your own business. Trying to build your own business yeah I can I can mention a thing yeah I can I can mention a thing . Yeah I can I can mention a thing it doesn't only fit on fintech it doesn't only fit on fintech. It doesn't only fit on fintech businesses for for starting businesses businesses for for starting businesses. Businesses for for starting businesses in general in general in general don't don't try to be. don't don't try to be don't don't try to be don't try to be everything and and do. Don't try to be everything and and do don't try to be everything and and do everything. Everything everything and I think in the fintech it's it's more important in the fintech it's it's more important. Because you need to because you need to because you need to take off quite some boxes like. Take off quite some boxes like take off quite some boxes like regulation you need to have. Regulation you need to have regulation you need to have a partner if you if you're doing. A partner if you if you're doing a partner if you if you're doing anything with. Anything with anything with financial activity financial activity financial activity. often yeah you need to often yeah you need to often yeah you need to. Need various of elements in your need various of elements in your need various of elements in your. Business to together to work and I think business to together to work and I think. Business to together to work and I think what is important there is to really what is important there is to really. What is important there is to really look okay look okay look okay what is your what is your core business. What is your what is your core business what is your what is your core business like where are you get in. Like where are you get in like where are you get in as a starting fintech business and try. As a starting fintech business and try as a starting fintech business and try to to. To outsource us as much as possible so yeah outsource us as much as possible so yeah. Outsource us as much as possible so yeah don't try to build your own don't try to build your own. Don't try to build your own kyc aml solutions there are multiple kyc aml solutions there are multiple. Kyc aml solutions there are multiple players in the market players in the market players in the market. And then that's for those other and then that's for those other and then that's for those other. Activities as well try to activities as well try to activities as well try to focus on your on your core. Focus on your on your core focus on your on your core and and yeah utilize and and yeah utilize . And and yeah utilize your existing existing solutions in the your existing existing solutions in the. Your existing existing solutions in the in the market in the market in the market. Of course that's a little bit different of course that's a little bit different of course that's a little bit different. When you when you grow but I think it's when you when you grow but I think it's when you when you grow but I think it's. It's it's it's very important to do that in the very important to do that in the very important to do that in the. Beginning I think mine would be similar to that I think mine would be similar to that . Along the lines of the core business along the lines of the core business along the lines of the core business. Team team team I think I would just say for someone I think I would just say for someone. I think I would just say for someone starting ventucker otherwise but starting ventucker otherwise but. Starting ventucker otherwise but especially fintech especially fintech especially fintech. Know the details because there's so know the details because there's so know the details because there's so. Much that technology can do much that technology can do much that technology can do. These days that we often forget these days that we often forget these days that we often forget. Why we're doing things or or what we why we're doing things or or what we why we're doing things or or what we. Need need need to really be successful we see success to really be successful we see success. To really be successful we see success stories in the news every day and it stories in the news every day and it. Stories in the news every day and it seems like seems like seems like you could throw any tech solution at the. You could throw any tech solution at the you could throw any tech solution at the. Wall and something would stick wall and something would stick wall and something would stick. But I think that especially for but I think that especially for but I think that especially for. Fintech being in a highly regulated fintech being in a highly regulated fintech being in a highly regulated. Space especially for building in space especially for building in space especially for building in. Markets that might not have markets that might not have markets that might not have. As robust of an environment whether as robust of an environment whether as robust of an environment whether. That's africa or somewhere else that's africa or somewhere else that's africa or somewhere else. It really does come down to knowing the it really does come down to knowing the it really does come down to knowing the. Details so knowing the details of your details so knowing the details of your details so knowing the details of your. Customers customers customers and their ux ui preferences and and their ux ui preferences and. And their ux ui preferences and their their needs on a day-to-day basis their their needs on a day-to-day basis. Their their needs on a day-to-day basis and their comfort level with technology and their comfort level with technology. And their comfort level with technology knowing the regulatory landscape knowing knowing the regulatory landscape knowing. Knowing the regulatory landscape knowing your partner's comfort level with risk your partner's comfort level with risk. Your partner's comfort level with risk and any any stipulations that and any any stipulations that. And any any stipulations that they might have to adhere to or that they might have to adhere to or that. They might have to adhere to or that they might be under so I they might be under so i. They might be under so I think that the details are where it I think that the details are where it. I think that the details are where it can fall apart or succeed greatly but can fall apart or succeed greatly but. Can fall apart or succeed greatly but knowing them knowing them knowing them enables you to set up a business that. Enables you to set up a business that enables you to set up a business that has a much higher chance of success. Has a much higher chance of success has a much higher chance of success and then be able to effectively defend. And then be able to effectively defend and then be able to effectively defend those decisions. Those decisions those decisions over time because if you're building in over time because if you're building in. Over time because if you're building in the fintech landscape the fintech landscape. The fintech landscape you're going to have to defend every you're going to have to defend every. You're going to have to defend every single one of the thousands of decisions single one of the thousands of decisions. Single one of the thousands of decisions that you make on a day-to-day basis to that you make on a day-to-day basis to. That you make on a day-to-day basis to potential investors and partners and potential investors and partners and. Potential investors and partners and regulators and customers regulators and customers. Regulators and customers and anyone else who touches your and anyone else who touches your. And anyone else who touches your ecosystem so I think as much as you can ecosystem so I think as much as you can. Ecosystem so I think as much as you can know know know and be able to defend that the better. Joseph orweeza you want to touch this joseph orweeza you want to touch this one well oh very you know very similar. Well oh very you know very similar it's and it's like like rick said it's and it's like like rick said. it's and it's like like rick said it's it's it's beyond just fintechs right it's. Beyond just fintechs right it's beyond just fintechs right it's basically basically. Basically knowing like knowing your you know your knowing like knowing your you know your. Knowing like knowing your you know your product knowing what you're trying to product knowing what you're trying to. Product knowing what you're trying to build build build I think one of the I think one of the. I think one of the one of the best ways to put it will one of the best ways to put it will. One of the best ways to put it will be to be to be to build the product first before the. Build the product first before the build the product first before the business right . Business right business right it's a bit tricky in a fintech it's a bit tricky in a fintech. It's a bit tricky in a fintech especially with regulation and stuff especially with regulation and stuff. Especially with regulation and stuff but it's mainly in a way but it's mainly in a way. But it's mainly in a way you I believe that you still have you I believe that you still have. You I believe that you still have you have some room to ask for you have some room to ask for. You have some room to ask for forgiveness forgiveness forgiveness you know before begging for. you know before begging for you know before begging for permission right permission right. Permission right and so for as much as you can play and so for as much as you can play. and so for as much as you can play i'll say like you know just get make i'll say like you know just get make. I'll say like you know just get make sure that you have a solid understanding sure that you have a solid understanding. Sure that you have a solid understanding like tori said like tori said like tori said. Of of the product you're trying to build of of the product you're trying to build. Of of the product you're trying to build of your users of your users of your users. of what they want of what is really of what they want of what is really of what they want of what is really. Important to them important to them important to them and in the same vein almost at the. and in the same vein almost at the and in the same vein almost at the same time. Same time same time work on building very strong work on building very strong work on building very strong. Relationships with you know partners relationships with you know partners relationships with you know partners. your relationship with partners will your relationship with partners will your relationship with partners will. Probably probably probably in many cases make or break you it's in many cases make or break you it's. In many cases make or break you it's very important that you make sure that very important that you make sure that. Very important that you make sure that those relationships are strong and those relationships are strong and. Those relationships are strong and in many cases they'll protect you in many cases they'll protect you. In many cases they'll protect you especially if you're like you know a especially if you're like you know a. Especially if you're like you know a fintech starting out fintech starting out fintech starting out. Most of your partners are probably going most of your partners are probably going. Most of your partners are probably going to be the ones to protect you from to be the ones to protect you from. To be the ones to protect you from you know like heavy hits from regulators you know like heavy hits from regulators. You know like heavy hits from regulators right right right so making sure those relationships are. So making sure those relationships are so making sure those relationships are you know. You know you know are really tight and I think are really tight and I think. are really tight and I think wizard referenced you know kind of wizard referenced you know kind of. Wizard referenced you know kind of finding out what their motivations are finding out what their motivations are. Finding out what their motivations are and then you know walking around those and then you know walking around those. And then you know walking around those just as opposed to just as opposed to just as opposed to. Beyond just regulators just your beyond just regulators just your beyond just regulators just your. Partners know where your partner's partners know where your partner's partners know where your partner's. Motivations are and make sure that you motivations are and make sure that you motivations are and make sure that you. Know you're working with them know you're working with them know you're working with them. You know to achieve whatever they also you know to achieve whatever they also you know to achieve whatever they also. Want to achieve while you're achieving want to achieve while you're achieving want to achieve while you're achieving. What you want to achieve what you want to achieve what you want to achieve so basically yeah. Is that anything to add no I think is that anything to add no I think between what tori and joseph have shared. Between what tori and joseph have shared between what tori and joseph have shared. They have captured they have captured they have captured all of my ideas great I mean one thing i. All of my ideas great I mean one thing I all of my ideas great I mean one thing i. Think about as think about as think about as as you're discussing all this is I think. As you're discussing all this is I think as you're discussing all this is I think. Okay the Stellar network is a great okay the Stellar network is a great okay the Stellar network is a great. Back-end platform for sort of storing back-end platform for sort of storing back-end platform for sort of storing. And transferring value and ideally and transferring value and ideally and transferring value and ideally. In my mind at the sitting here at the in my mind at the sitting here at the in my mind at the sitting here at the. Stellar development foundation I imagine Stellar development foundation I imagine. Stellar development foundation I imagine that that that all these different organizations. All these different organizations all these different organizations ecosystem participants would build on. Ecosystem participants would build on ecosystem participants would build on the network. The network the network and be able to like interoperate right and be able to like interoperate right. And be able to like interoperate right to be able to work with one another to be able to work with one another. To be able to work with one another to forge partnerships to make payments to forge partnerships to make payments. To forge partnerships to make payments across borders and across currencies across borders and across currencies. Across borders and across currencies but I also realized that that's a sort but I also realized that that's a sort. But I also realized that that's a sort of you know that's of you know that's of you know that's. My utopian vision of how Stellar should my utopian vision of how Stellar should my utopian vision of how Stellar should. Work work work and I'm curious about and I'm curious about and I'm curious about. Your views on interoperating with other your views on interoperating with other your views on interoperating with other. People in the Stellar ecosystem or people in the Stellar ecosystem or people in the Stellar ecosystem or. In sort of the fintech ecosystem in in sort of the fintech ecosystem in in sort of the fintech ecosystem in. General how important general how important general how important is it that your sort of solutions that. Is it that your sort of solutions that is it that your sort of solutions that you're building play well with others. You're building play well with others you're building play well with others and what are the biggest chat like. And what are the biggest chat like and what are the biggest chat like doesn't do they currently. Doesn't do they currently doesn't do they currently and if and whether they do or not like. And if and whether they do or not like and if and whether they do or not like sort of what are the biggest. Sort of what are the biggest sort of what are the biggest challenges to interoperation. I have a bunch of thoughts on this I have a bunch of thoughts on this one so I think. One so I think one so I think interoperability is like the next big interoperability is like the next big. interoperability is like the next big barrier for barrier for barrier for digital financial services across the. Digital financial services across the digital financial services across the continent . Continent continent we have seen relatively high penetration we have seen relatively high penetration. We have seen relatively high penetration in terms of especially urban centers in terms of especially urban centers. In terms of especially urban centers but like you know we still have a long but like you know we still have a long. But like you know we still have a long way to go in digitizing finance right way to go in digitizing finance right. Way to go in digitizing finance right network international who operates network international who operates . Network international who operates probably the largest point-of-sale probably the largest point-of-sale. Probably the largest point-of-sale terminal network for banks across the terminal network for banks across the. Terminal network for banks across the continent continent continent their latest data from last year. Their latest data from last year their latest data from last year indicates that 93. Indicates that 93 indicates that 93 of transactions across the continent of transactions across the continent. Of transactions across the continent retail transactions are still in cash retail transactions are still in cash. Retail transactions are still in cash so all of this fintech we're doing is so all of this fintech we're doing is. So all of this fintech we're doing is lovely and the volumes are impressive lovely and the volumes are impressive. Lovely and the volumes are impressive but like but like but like we have a long way to go that's one now. We have a long way to go that's one now we have a long way to go that's one now another side of that bucket is that. Another side of that bucket is that another side of that bucket is that different countries. Different countries different countries have got fragmented solutions on a per have got fragmented solutions on a per. Have got fragmented solutions on a per country country country basis so even in individual markets . Basis so even in individual markets basis so even in individual markets native interoperability. Native interoperability native interoperability is not yet where it needs to be there. Is not yet where it needs to be there is not yet where it needs to be there are a few notable examples tanzania has. Are a few notable examples tanzania has are a few notable examples tanzania has got really good interrupt uganda. Got really good interrupt uganda got really good interrupt uganda so and so I'm not sure about the latest. So and so I'm not sure about the latest so and so I'm not sure about the latest in rwanda maybe tory can chime in there. In rwanda maybe tory can chime in there in rwanda maybe tory can chime in there but there's there's still quite a lot of. But there's there's still quite a lot of but there's there's still quite a lot of. Work to be done on a on a national work to be done on a on a national work to be done on a on a national. Level level level once we have the national systems all once we have the national systems all. Once we have the national systems all of the digital financial systems of the digital financial systems. Of the digital financial systems interoperable interoperable interoperable and and I'm pleased to see that over the. And and I'm pleased to see that over the and and I'm pleased to see that over the. Last three years last three years last three years a lot of the bank and mobile money. a lot of the bank and mobile money a lot of the bank and mobile money interoperability problems. Interoperability problems interoperability problems in east africa and southern africa have. In east africa and southern africa have in east africa and southern africa have have been solved quite well. Have been solved quite well have been solved quite well but once we have that national. But once we have that national but once we have that national interoperability the next question is. Interoperability the next question is interoperability the next question is now around like international. Now around like international now around like international transactions interoperability. Transactions interoperability transactions interoperability and it was I think actually this week. And it was I think actually this week and it was I think actually this week that afri exim bank. That afri exim bank that afri exim bank is piloting a continental payment system. Is piloting a continental payment system is piloting a continental payment system. That is going to be used to facilitate that is going to be used to facilitate that is going to be used to facilitate. a trade of intra-africa currency a trade of intra-africa currency a trade of intra-africa currency. Pairs like the ones that I described pairs like the ones that I described pairs like the ones that I described. Earlier earlier earlier this is consistent with the african this is consistent with the african. This is consistent with the african continental free trade areas continental free trade areas. Continental free trade areas policy towards unifying africa towards a policy towards unifying africa towards a. Policy towards unifying africa towards a single market single market single market. So I do think that like you know so I do think that like you know so I do think that like you know . Interoperability interoperability interoperability is is probably the most important thing. Is is probably the most important thing is is probably the most important thing we have to do at this stage it doesn't. We have to do at this stage it doesn't we have to do at this stage it doesn't matter if. Matter if matter if you know my money is sitting in cheaper you know my money is sitting in cheaper. You know my money is sitting in cheaper and and tori has hers in leave and and tori has hers in leave. And and tori has hers in leave why can't I send my money from my why can't I send my money from my. Why can't I send my money from my chipper wallet to to tory's chipper wallet to to tory's. Chipper wallet to to tory's leaf wallet we both support the ron and leaf wallet we both support the ron and. Leaf wallet we both support the ron and frank we both support frank we both support. Frank we both support the kenyan shipping we have a long way the kenyan shipping we have a long way. The kenyan shipping we have a long way to go some of the to go some of the to go some of the. The standards that are being developed the standards that are being developed the standards that are being developed. Such as moja loop such as moja loop such as moja loop could be something that's quite exciting. Could be something that's quite exciting could be something that's quite exciting. But again they're targeted towards but again they're targeted towards but again they're targeted towards. Specific verticals that is the telco specific verticals that is the telco specific verticals that is the telco. Industry we're over the top financial industry we're over the top financial industry we're over the top financial. Service players service players service players if we don't do interoperability we'll. If we don't do interoperability we'll if we don't do interoperability we'll end up with a scenario where. End up with a scenario where end up with a scenario where you've got many monopolies in various. You've got many monopolies in various you've got many monopolies in various regions which is almost the status quo. Regions which is almost the status quo regions which is almost the status quo to date. To date to date so definitely something that needs to so definitely something that needs to. So definitely something that needs to happen I think that blockchains are an happen I think that blockchains are an. Happen I think that blockchains are an obvious solution towards obvious solution towards. Obvious solution towards interoperability I just haven't seen interoperability I just haven't seen. Interoperability I just haven't seen I think that the biggest barrier the I think that the biggest barrier the. I think that the biggest barrier the technology exists today technology exists today. Technology exists today but the biggest barrier is fintechs in but the biggest barrier is fintechs in. But the biggest barrier is fintechs in africa don't have like a unified africa don't have like a unified. Africa don't have like a unified association association association the way the telcos do so moja loop is. The way the telcos do so moja loop is the way the telcos do so moja loop is being pushed to the telcos. Being pushed to the telcos being pushed to the telcos through the gsma which is the industry. Through the gsma which is the industry through the gsma which is the industry association the first thing we need to. Association the first thing we need to association the first thing we need to do do. Do is unionize and bring out an association is unionize and bring out an association. Is unionize and bring out an association of over the top of financial service of over the top of financial service. Of over the top of financial service players and then agree on what sort of players and then agree on what sort of. Players and then agree on what sort of standards we're going to use standards we're going to use. Standards we're going to use for interoperability I don't think it's for interoperability I don't think it's. For interoperability I don't think it's been as much of an issue in other been as much of an issue in other. Been as much of an issue in other markets because europe has got the markets because europe has got the. Markets because europe has got the eurozone eurozone eurozone so if the currency is natively. So if the currency is natively so if the currency is natively interoperable you don't have to worry. Interoperable you don't have to worry interoperable you don't have to worry the united states is a single market. The united states is a single market the united states is a single market china is also a single market. China is also a single market china is also a single market india is also a single market but we. India is also a single market but we india is also a single market but we compare ourselves with these. Compare ourselves with these compare ourselves with these regions and meanwhile we are 54 very. Regions and meanwhile we are 54 very regions and meanwhile we are 54 very distinct and very unique. Distinct and very unique distinct and very unique countries with unique needs challenges. Countries with unique needs challenges countries with unique needs challenges and opportunities. And opportunities and opportunities so definitely I think the next unicorns so definitely I think the next unicorns. So definitely I think the next unicorns are going to be are going to be are going to be. Interoperability platforms out of africa interoperability platforms out of africa. Interoperability platforms out of africa and it's a fantastic and it's a fantastic. And it's a fantastic opportunity for those who are willing to opportunity for those who are willing to. Opportunity for those who are willing to give it a shot in solving give it a shot in solving. Give it a shot in solving I completely agree with that I think I completely agree with that I think. I completely agree with that I think the fragmented markets that you the fragmented markets that you. the fragmented markets that you mentioned mentioned mentioned are the biggest opportunities as well . Are the biggest opportunities as well are the biggest opportunities as well . So if the telcos are not going to solve so if the telcos are not going to solve so if the telcos are not going to solve. That that that you know in rwanda today it's very you know in rwanda today it's very. you know in rwanda today it's very difficult to send between mtn difficult to send between mtn. Difficult to send between mtn and airtel if they're not going to and airtel if they're not going to. And airtel if they're not going to solve it for themselves because solve it for themselves because. Solve it for themselves because of the the competition between those of the the competition between those. Of the the competition between those then that's an incredible opportunity then that's an incredible opportunity. Then that's an incredible opportunity for somebody like leaf or tripper or for somebody like leaf or tripper or. For somebody like leaf or tripper or other fintech plays to come in and solve other fintech plays to come in and solve. Other fintech plays to come in and solve it for them so it for them so it for them so. I've i've been excited to see that there i've i've been excited to see that there. I've i've been excited to see that there are definitely companies stepping into are definitely companies stepping into. Are definitely companies stepping into those gaps I think they've started at those gaps I think they've started at. Those gaps I think they've started at the business level so the b2b plays the business level so the b2b plays. The business level so the b2b plays that's that's been a lot easier and that's that's been a lot easier and. that's that's been a lot easier and then hopefully the then hopefully the then hopefully the. Benefits of interoperability and benefits of interoperability and benefits of interoperability and. Bridge plays will come down to the bridge plays will come down to the bridge plays will come down to the. Consumer level consumer level consumer level over time that's that's where leaf is. Over time that's that's where leaf is over time that's that's where leaf is. Trying to play of course trying to play of course trying to play of course and we see significant opportunity there. And we see significant opportunity there and we see significant opportunity there. and I genuinely hope that others will and I genuinely hope that others will. And I genuinely hope that others will come into the space as well because come into the space as well because. Come into the space as well because it is it is such a fragmented market and it is it is such a fragmented market and. It is it is such a fragmented market and there is so much opportunity there is so much opportunity. There is so much opportunity I think one thing that I think one thing that I think one thing that . Is a potential barrier to is a potential barrier to is a potential barrier to interoperability is the word itself. Interoperability is the word itself interoperability is the word itself and so I don't know if it's I don't. And so I don't know if it's I don't and so I don't know if it's I don't know if it's helpful. Know if it's helpful know if it's helpful just to start with talking about just to start with talking about. Just to start with talking about integrations everybody loves integrations everybody loves. Integrations everybody loves integrations right they're easy we know integrations right they're easy we know. Integrations right they're easy we know how to do them how to do them how to do them. they're very accessible for most they're very accessible for most they're very accessible for most. Companies and so companies and so companies and so if instead of going into you know a room. If instead of going into you know a room if instead of going into you know a room. Full of people and saying hey let's all full of people and saying hey let's all full of people and saying hey let's all. Become interoperable become interoperable become interoperable if it's having those conversations to. If it's having those conversations to if it's having those conversations to say how can you and I integrate today. Say how can you and I integrate today say how can you and I integrate today and over time that creates a network. And over time that creates a network and over time that creates a network fantastic. Fantastic fantastic it'll help us get there and so for it'll help us get there and so for. It'll help us get there and so for myself you know I look at it and I'm myself you know I look at it and I'm. Myself you know I look at it and I'm like well like well like well great we already have assets for rondon. Great we already have assets for rondon great we already have assets for rondon frank's canyon shillings uganda. Frank's canyon shillings uganda frank's canyon shillings uganda shillings on the Stellar network. Shillings on the Stellar network shillings on the Stellar network that's very easy for us to to push into. That's very easy for us to to push into that's very easy for us to to push into chipper's wallet for example so. Chipper's wallet for example so chipper's wallet for example so you know if we want to have a. You know if we want to have a you know if we want to have a conversation after this and talk about. Conversation after this and talk about conversation after this and talk about what that looks like. What that looks like what that looks like great because we already have that great because we already have that. great because we already have that asset I think that my asset I think that my. Asset I think that my my fear in this is that we keep abiding my fear in this is that we keep abiding. My fear in this is that we keep abiding by the same playbook by the same playbook. By the same playbook over time and so it's you know leaf leaf over time and so it's you know leaf leaf. Over time and so it's you know leaf leaf created these assets because we didn't created these assets because we didn't. Created these assets because we didn't see anybody else out there who see anybody else out there who. See anybody else out there who had them but you know that's had them but you know that's. Had them but you know that's that could also be justified for other that could also be justified for other. That could also be justified for other companies coming into the space you know companies coming into the space you know. Companies coming into the space you know if they're a new company in rwanda that if they're a new company in rwanda that. If they're a new company in rwanda that have wanted to have their own have wanted to have their own. Have wanted to have their own rondon frank coin on Stellar they could rondon frank coin on Stellar they could. Rondon frank coin on Stellar they could do that it's unnecessary they should do that it's unnecessary they should. Do that it's unnecessary they should just use ours and we should learn how to just use ours and we should learn how to. Just use ours and we should learn how to play nicely together but play nicely together but . Play nicely together but but I understand the business reasoning but I understand the business reasoning. But I understand the business reasoning and the fear that could create and the fear that could create. And the fear that could create that landscape where everyone just that landscape where everyone just. That landscape where everyone just continues to do their own thing continues to do their own thing. Continues to do their own thing so I think we are very very pro so I think we are very very pro. So I think we are very very pro integration integration integration and very pro interoperability Stellar. And very pro interoperability Stellar and very pro interoperability Stellar. Is a good tool for that and I think as is a good tool for that and I think as is a good tool for that and I think as. The network is still fairly limited the network is still fairly limited the network is still fairly limited. In in africa but it's growing and we in in africa but it's growing and we in in africa but it's growing and we. Hope that hope that hope that you know by sharing our experiences and you know by sharing our experiences and. You know by sharing our experiences and our lessons learned there's been a lot our lessons learned there's been a lot. Our lessons learned there's been a lot of them of them of them potentially we can help other players. Potentially we can help other players potentially we can help other players coming into that space as we're growing. Coming into that space as we're growing coming into that space as we're growing ourselves because of course. Ourselves because of course ourselves because of course we're still very new in the game as well. We're still very new in the game as well we're still very new in the game as well. Great I mean joseph do you have great I mean joseph do you have great I mean joseph do you have. Something to add to that something to add to that something to add to that yeah so I really like . Yeah so I really like yeah so I really like taurus points on integrations. taurus points on integrations taurus points on integrations that's that's actually. that's that's actually that's that's actually that seems to be like a more or kind. That seems to be like a more or kind that seems to be like a more or kind of like . Of like of like friendly approach one friendly approach one friendly approach one. One thing so we talked about mojo loop one thing so we talked about mojo loop one thing so we talked about mojo loop. and so i've been kind of involved with and so i've been kind of involved with. And so i've been kind of involved with with that movement for a bit one of with that movement for a bit one of. With that movement for a bit one of the issues you see the issues you see the issues you see. Is many com many you know startups that is many com many you know startups that is many com many you know startups that. Should adopt it should adopt it should adopt it all are looking to adopt it to realize. All are looking to adopt it to realize all are looking to adopt it to realize that. That that for example you probably need to have for example you probably need to have. For example you probably need to have like a switch like a switch like a switch right in nigeria it's going to cost. Right in nigeria it's going to cost right in nigeria it's going to cost you a lot of money. You a lot of money you a lot of money to have like a switching license right to have like a switching license right. To have like a switching license right and then and then and then you have this thing where the startups. You have this thing where the startups you have this thing where the startups say they want to come together. Say they want to come together say they want to come together and then build like one switch that they. And then build like one switch that they and then build like one switch that they. Can use to connect like you know moja can use to connect like you know moja can use to connect like you know moja. Loop in another country loop in another country loop in another country there's like all that kind of. There's like all that kind of there's like all that kind of complexity complexity. Complexity around it and so just starting with around it and so just starting with. Around it and so just starting with integration seems to me like a very like integration seems to me like a very like. Integration seems to me like a very like you know fair approach like you know as you know fair approach like you know as. You know fair approach like you know as much as possible if lots of startups you much as possible if lots of startups you. Much as possible if lots of startups you know puts together know puts together know puts together. The exposed apis like to connect to each the exposed apis like to connect to each. The exposed apis like to connect to each other other other then maybe that's that'll be like a. then maybe that's that'll be like a then maybe that's that'll be like a great start. Great start great start and then we can start talking about you and then we can start talking about you. And then we can start talking about you know know know    connecting across different brothers. Connecting across different brothers connecting across different brothers like countries so that that looks that. Like countries so that that looks that like countries so that that looks that sounds very. Sounds very sounds very you know plausible to me yeah I wanted to add to that that will. Yeah I wanted to add to that that will be interesting to be interesting to be interesting to. to see a couple of players in in the to see a couple of players in in the to see a couple of players in in the. African market that actually african market that actually african market that actually. Try to to become such a try to to become such a try to to become such a central switch for example mfs africa. Central switch for example mfs africa central switch for example mfs africa is trying to do that . Is trying to do that is trying to do that and then on the other side you have of. And then on the other side you have of and then on the other side you have of course Stellar. Course Stellar course Stellar which is try to achieve that in a which is try to achieve that in a. which is try to achieve that in a decentralized way decentralized way . Decentralized way with with as a non-profit having a with with as a non-profit having a. With with as a non-profit having a certain certain certain open source standards it will be. Open source standards it will be open source standards it will be interesting to see. Interesting to see interesting to see yeah which way it's gonna yeah which way it's gonna . yeah which way it's gonna it's going to lean whether it will be it's going to lean whether it will be. It's going to lean whether it will be more with a central party more with a central party. More with a central party or it will go decentralized or it will go decentralized. or it will go decentralized and I think it will take a bit of and I think it will take a bit of. And I think it will take a bit of time but time but time but expect that that at some point it will. Expect that that at some point it will expect that that at some point it will lean more. Lean more lean more decentralized on for example Stellar decentralized on for example Stellar. Decentralized on for example Stellar open source open source open source and having open source standards and. And having open source standards and and having open source standards and actually. Actually actually yeah a central party or that's at least yeah a central party or that's at least. Yeah a central party or that's at least what I hope what I hope what I hope because if it becomes a central party. Because if it becomes a central party because if it becomes a central party one or two players then it's. One or two players then it's one or two players then it's the question whether it really becomes. The question whether it really becomes the question whether it really becomes cheaper. Great thank you so I personally great thank you so I personally feel like that's a great place to end. Feel like that's a great place to end feel like that's a great place to end this sort of dream of hope. This sort of dream of hope this sort of dream of hope that these standards for integrations. That these standards for integrations that these standards for integrations become. Become become you know sort of tend towards the open you know sort of tend towards the open. You know sort of tend towards the open source of course as source of course as. Source of course as someone at the sdf who is prizes for the someone at the sdf who is prizes for the. Someone at the sdf who is prizes for the open source culture and believes open source culture and believes. Open source culture and believes that this network should be that this network should be. That this network should be permissionless and owned by everyone and permissionless and owned by everyone and. Permissionless and owned by everyone and easily accessible and that we should easily accessible and that we should. Easily accessible and that we should work together to create similar work together to create similar. Work together to create similar standards standards standards rather than having one single party own. Rather than having one single party own rather than having one single party own them that sounds great to me. Them that sounds great to me them that sounds great to me and I would love to see that happen but. And I would love to see that happen but and I would love to see that happen but of course you know what is interesting. Of course you know what is interesting of course you know what is interesting is that what happens next is up to the. Is that what happens next is up to the is that what happens next is up to the people here and the people listening. People here and the people listening people here and the people listening people in the world in general the. People in the world in general the people in the world in general the people who are building businesses. People who are building businesses people who are building businesses and also to their users like what is. And also to their users like what is and also to their users like what is going to succeed and I think. Going to succeed and I think going to succeed and I think only time will tell but. Only time will tell but only time will tell but at this point I do want to take these. At this point I do want to take these at this point I do want to take these last few minutes because as I mentioned. Last few minutes because as I mentioned last few minutes because as I mentioned at the top of the presentation or at the. At the top of the presentation or at the at the top of the presentation or at the. Top of the panel top of the panel top of the panel we the sdf are working with dfs. We the sdf are working with dfs we the sdf are working with dfs lab to sponsor a bootcamp. Lab to sponsor a bootcamp lab to sponsor a bootcamp and I just want to take these last few. And I just want to take these last few and I just want to take these last few minutes so that anyone to give some. Minutes so that anyone to give some minutes so that anyone to give some information so that anyone listening. Information so that anyone listening information so that anyone listening understands what that means. Understands what that means understands what that means what it can do for them and how to apply. What it can do for them and how to apply what it can do for them and how to apply. And so I want to and so I want to and so I want to thank everyone for their participation. Thank everyone for their participation thank everyone for their participation thank you so much. Thank you so much thank you so much and pass it over to joseph so he can and pass it over to joseph so he can. And pass it over to joseph so he can tell us a little bit about the boot camp yeah thanks justin so. Yeah thanks justin so we're working so dfs lab is working with we're working so dfs lab is working with. We're working so dfs lab is working with the Stellar development foundation the Stellar development foundation. The Stellar development foundation it's to kind of open up an opportunity it's to kind of open up an opportunity. It's to kind of open up an opportunity for for for early to mid-stage startups who are. Early to mid-stage startups who are early to mid-stage startups who are interested. Interested interested in building a solution for on Stellar in building a solution for on stella. In building a solution for on Stellar who are interested in building on Stellar who are interested in building on stella. Who are interested in building on Stellar for africa for africa for africa. we are looking you know we are looking you know we are looking you know at basically it's it. At basically it's it at basically it's it they block the bootcamp follows like a they block the bootcamp follows like a. They block the bootcamp follows like a you know design sprint approach where you know design sprint approach where. You know design sprint approach where over a period of three days you go from over a period of three days you go from. Over a period of three days you go from you know idea to prototype you know idea to prototype. You know idea to prototype in in in where you you follow a bunch of steps. Where you you follow a bunch of steps where you you follow a bunch of steps right to go from idea to prototype. Right to go from idea to prototype right to go from idea to prototype by three-day period and then we have. By three-day period and then we have by three-day period and then we have demo day on the fourth day where. Demo day on the fourth day where demo day on the fourth day where startups startups . Startups or participants can win you know or participants can win you know or participants can win you know. Anywhere from five thousand to twenty anywhere from five thousand to twenty anywhere from five thousand to twenty. Thousand usdc thousand usdc thousand usdc in prices so in prices so. in prices so the most promising startups you know the most promising startups you know. The most promising startups you know during the event during the event during the event. and there are also opportunities for and there are also opportunities for and there are also opportunities for. Follow-up funding follow-up funding follow-up funding from the Stellar development. from the Stellar development from the Stellar development foundation enterprise fund. Foundation enterprise fund foundation enterprise fund and other investors who and other investors who . And other investors who at the boots got the demo day right at the boots got the demo day right. At the boots got the demo day right and then and it's kind of open to and then and it's kind of open to. And then and it's kind of open to fintechs open to companies that are fintechs open to companies that are. Fintechs open to companies that are currently building on the blockchain currently building on the blockchain. Currently building on the blockchain and then companies that are just you and then companies that are just you. and then companies that are just you know you know thinking of it know you know thinking of it. Know you know thinking of it like the way we refer to them as like the way we refer to them as . Like the way we refer to them as cryptocurious companies who are building cryptocurious companies who are building. Cryptocurious companies who are building in africa in africa in africa it's open to so to any of those type. it's open to so to any of those type it's open to so to any of those type of people to. Of people to of people to to apply you can visit the websites to apply you can visit the websites. To apply you can visit the websites that that that you see on the screen right now . You see on the screen right now you see on the screen right now the link on the screen to apply. The link on the screen to apply the link on the screen to apply applications clues on the 20th of. Applications clues on the 20th of applications clues on the 20th of august august. August and yeah if you have any questions about and yeah if you have any questions about. And yeah if you have any questions about it it it feel free to email me that's joseph. feel free to email me that's joseph feel free to email me that's joseph dfslab.net. Dfslab.net dfslab.net but I'm fairly positive like you know but I'm fairly positive like you know. but I'm fairly positive like you know you have all the information you need on. You have all the information you need on you have all the information you need on. On the website on the website on the website so please feel free to apply we're. so please feel free to apply we're so please feel free to apply we're. Looking forward to having you looking forward to having you looking forward to having you. During the event great yeah thanks everyone so obviously great yeah thanks everyone so obviously. As joseph said you can visit that link as joseph said you can visit that link as joseph said you can visit that link. On the screen to find out more you can on the screen to find out more you can on the screen to find out more you can. Email email email joseph dfslab.net joseph dfslab.net joseph dfslab.net applications as it says close august. Applications as it says close august applications as it says close august 20th and. 20th and 20th and our goal here is to sort of help support our goal here is to sort of help support. Our goal here is to sort of help support and incubate projects in africa that are. And incubate projects in africa that are and incubate projects in africa that are. Focused on focused on focused on fintech solutions that solve real-world fintech solutions that solve real-world. Fintech solutions that solve real-world problems problems problems and that's that's the end I really want. And that's that's the end I really want and that's that's the end I really want to say that this was it was a real. To say that this was it was a real to say that this was it was a real privilege to have. Privilege to have privilege to have all four of you here thank you so much I all four of you here thank you so much i. All four of you here thank you so much I know that we just scratched the surface know that we just scratched the surface. Know that we just scratched the surface but I feel like we started to get into but I feel like we started to get into. But I feel like we started to get into some interesting areas some interesting areas. Some interesting areas and to talk about you know what's and to talk about you know what's. and to talk about you know what's going on in the region in going on in the region in. Going on in the region in integrations and also I think there integrations and also I think there. Integrations and also I think there was some really interesting nuggets for was some really interesting nuggets for. Was some really interesting nuggets for people who are interested in building people who are interested in building. People who are interested in building their own their own their own companies or scaling their own companies. Companies or scaling their own companies companies or scaling their own companies. So I really appreciate it and so I really appreciate it and so I really appreciate it and. I hope that everyone out there listening I hope that everyone out there listening. I hope that everyone out there listening also came away with something also came away with something. Also came away with something we do plan to have more of these we do plan to have more of these . We do plan to have more of these ecosystem roundtables in the future ecosystem roundtables in the future. Ecosystem roundtables in the future so you can always find out more about so you can always find out more about. So you can always find out more about those by just going to `stellar.org` those by just going to `stellar.org`. Those by just going to `stellar.org` events thanks everyone for participating events thanks everyone for participating. Events thanks everyone for participating and for watching.
