Hello everyone and welcome to the hello everyone and welcome to the Stellar open protocol discussion. Stellar open protocol discussion Stellar open protocol discussion so for those of you who are watching. so for those of you who are watching so for those of you who are watching just a quick reminder the goal of these. Just a quick reminder the goal of these just a quick reminder the goal of these meetings is to talk about and plan for. Meetings is to talk about and plan for meetings is to talk about and plan for changes to upcoming versions of the. Changes to upcoming versions of the changes to upcoming versions of the Stellar protocol and so we go over. Stellar protocol and so we go over Stellar protocol and so we go over core advancement proposals or caps . Core advancement proposals or caps core advancement proposals or caps these are open source specs they. These are open source specs they these are open source specs they describe new features designed to evolve. Describe new features designed to evolve describe new features designed to evolve. The protocol the protocol the protocol to meet ecosystem needs so caps go to meet ecosystem needs so caps go. To meet ecosystem needs so caps go through a rigorous process before through a rigorous process before. Through a rigorous process before they're actually implemented in Stellar they're actually implemented in Stellar. They're actually implemented in Stellar core and then put forward for a core and then put forward for a. Core and then put forward for a validator vote validator vote validator vote in in a new protocol version and so. in in a new protocol version and so in in a new protocol version and so before the network upgrades. Before the network upgrades before the network upgrades validators they have to agree to accept. Validators they have to agree to accept validators they have to agree to accept that new version of the protocol that. That new version of the protocol that that new version of the protocol that actually. Actually actually includes the implemented change this includes the implemented change this. Includes the implemented change this meeting is just a part of that process meeting is just a part of that process. Meeting is just a part of that process right it's where people raise questions right it's where people raise questions. Right it's where people raise questions and dig into technical details and work and dig into technical details and work. And dig into technical details and work together to think through proposals and together to think through proposals and. Together to think through proposals and we're definitely we're broadcasting it we're definitely we're broadcasting it. We're definitely we're broadcasting it so that you can all everyone out there so that you can all everyone out there. So that you can all everyone out there can see the gears turning but I also can see the gears turning but I also. Can see the gears turning but I also want to say there's a complimentary want to say there's a complimentary. Want to say there's a complimentary asynchronous discussion on the Stellar asynchronous discussion on the Stellar. Asynchronous discussion on the Stellar dev mailing list dev mailing list dev mailing list. And we encourage anyone who has thoughts and we encourage anyone who has thoughts. And we encourage anyone who has thoughts about changes to the protocol to join about changes to the protocol to join. About changes to the protocol to join that mailing list and participate in the that mailing list and participate in the. That mailing list and participate in the discussion discussion discussion there's a link to it in the event. there's a link to it in the event there's a link to it in the event description I'm going to talk about more. Description I'm going to talk about more description I'm going to talk about more. In a second in a second in a second but first I just want to say last but first I just want to say last. But first I just want to say last meeting we started talking about two meeting we started talking about two. Meeting we started talking about two similar proposals similar proposals similar proposals. Cap 37 and cap 38 both of which suggest cap 37 and cap 38 both of which suggest cap 37 and cap 38 both of which suggest. A method to introduce automated market a method to introduce automated market a method to introduce automated market. Makers at the protocol levels makers at the protocol levels makers at the protocol levels. So automated market makers amms they so automated market makers amms they so automated market makers amms they. Allow the creation of liquidity pools allow the creation of liquidity pools allow the creation of liquidity pools. Which are simple and non-interactive which are simple and non-interactive which are simple and non-interactive. And which can attract large amounts of and which can attract large amounts of and which can attract large amounts of. Capital and enable high volumes of capital and enable high volumes of capital and enable high volumes of. Trading trading trading so they're so they're a simple way to so they're so they're a simple way to. so they're so they're a simple way to provide the liquidity that's necessary provide the liquidity that's necessary. Provide the liquidity that's necessary for asset exchange for asset exchange for asset exchange. And that's the goal here right to and that's the goal here right to and that's the goal here right to. Implement the change to the Stellar implement the change to the Stellar implement the change to the Stellar. Protocol protocol protocol aimed at improving overall network aimed at improving overall network. Aimed at improving overall network liquidity so liquidity so liquidity so today we're going to continue the. Today we're going to continue the today we're going to continue the discussion about amms that kicked off. Discussion about amms that kicked off discussion about amms that kicked off about a month ago on the Stellar dev. About a month ago on the Stellar dev about a month ago on the Stellar dev mailing list. Mailing list mailing list this is a technical discussion so if you this is a technical discussion so if you. This is a technical discussion so if you want to follow along I suggest reading want to follow along I suggest reading. Want to follow along I suggest reading the caps both of them the caps both of them. The caps both of them and the recent developer mailing list and the recent developer mailing list. And the recent developer mailing list threads about them which are linked to threads about them which are linked to. Threads about them which are linked to in the event description in the event description. In the event description so one thing I just want to mention real so one thing I just want to mention real. So one thing I just want to mention real quick is that this morning OrbitLens quick is that this morning OrbitLens. Quick is that this morning OrbitLens who is the author of top 37 and who who is the author of top 37 and who. Who is the author of top 37 and who unfortunately can't be here today I unfortunately can't be here today i. Unfortunately can't be here today I don't think don't think don't think he did raise some issues about the. he did raise some issues about the he did raise some issues about the ongoing amen discussion in a blog post. Ongoing amen discussion in a blog post ongoing amen discussion in a blog post and there's a lot there I don't think. And there's a lot there I don't think and there's a lot there I don't think anyone here has had a chance to fully. Anyone here has had a chance to fully anyone here has had a chance to fully process it quite yet. Process it quite yet process it quite yet but I imagine that people will have but I imagine that people will have. But I imagine that people will have thoughts and what makes sense to me is thoughts and what makes sense to me is. Thoughts and what makes sense to me is to discuss the points he raises on that to discuss the points he raises on that. To discuss the points he raises on that Stellar dev google group I mentioned Stellar dev google group I mentioned. Stellar dev google group I mentioned earlier earlier earlier that way we can sort of discuss things. That way we can sort of discuss things that way we can sort of discuss things in a public forum that's set up for. In a public forum that's set up for in a public forum that's set up for participation rather than. Participation rather than participation rather than trading blogs back and forth the key. Trading blogs back and forth the key trading blogs back and forth the key point we are currently discussing these. Point we are currently discussing these point we are currently discussing these ideas. Ideas ideas we haven't settled on the best we haven't settled on the best we haven't settled on the best. Implementations for bringing amunds to implementations for bringing amunds to implementations for bringing amunds to. Stuller Stellar Stellar and we'd really love to hear the and we'd really love to hear the. And we'd really love to hear the concerns folks have on the mailing list concerns folks have on the mailing list. Concerns folks have on the mailing list where we're working together to find the where we're working together to find the. Where we're working together to find the design that serves users design that serves users. Design that serves users so here's where we are right now okay so here's where we are right now okay. So here's where we are right now okay the last meeting we talked about the last meeting we talked about. The last meeting we talked about a few things mostly in the context of a few things mostly in the context of. A few things mostly in the context of cap 38 we talked about liquidity pool cap 38 we talked about liquidity pool. Cap 38 we talked about liquidity pool reserve requirements reserve requirements reserve requirements. The relationship between the decks and the relationship between the decks and the relationship between the decks and. Amms whether to allow pool parameters to amms whether to allow pool parameters to. Amms whether to allow pool parameters to be updated be updated be updated and whether or not to support multiple. And whether or not to support multiple and whether or not to support multiple pools for the same asset pair. Pools for the same asset pair pools for the same asset pair now there are still open questions about. Now there are still open questions about now there are still open questions about. All those things right an ongoing all those things right an ongoing all those things right an ongoing. Discussion discussion discussion again on that Stellar dev mailing list again on that Stellar dev mailing list. Again on that Stellar dev mailing list but today we're actually going to but today we're actually going to. but today we're actually going to focus on something a little different focus on something a little different. Focus on something a little different it's another question it's another question. It's another question that needs to be answered by any amm that needs to be answered by any amm. That needs to be answered by any amm design basically asset authorization and design basically asset authorization and. Design basically asset authorization and revocation revocation revocation how that fits into amms so siddharth. How that fits into amms so siddharth how that fits into amms so siddharth in the cap 38 thread you suggested two. In the cap 38 thread you suggested two in the cap 38 thread you suggested two different models for handling. Different models for handling different models for handling handling authorization and replication. Handling authorization and replication handling authorization and replication and I'm just wondering if to start us. And I'm just wondering if to start us and I'm just wondering if to start us off you can sort of. Off you can sort of off you can sort of walk through that those two models walk through that those two models. Walk through that those two models briefly and kind of outline the pros and briefly and kind of outline the pros and. Briefly and kind of outline the pros and cons of each cons of each cons of each yeah of course yeah so i'll go over. Yeah of course yeah so i'll go over yeah of course yeah so i'll go over two approaches for authorication. Two approaches for authorication two approaches for authorication and forcing a redeem of the pool shares. And forcing a redeem of the pool shares and forcing a redeem of the pool shares back to the owner. Back to the owner back to the owner so in the first approach revoking so in the first approach revoking. so in the first approach revoking authorization authorization authorization. On either an asset trust line on either an asset trust line on either an asset trust line. Will redeem all pool shares that that will redeem all pool shares that that. Will redeem all pool shares that that trust line astrus line trust line astrus line. Trust line astrus line has a balance in so this will also has a balance in so this will also. Has a balance in so this will also require us to first make sure that acid require us to first make sure that acid. Require us to first make sure that acid trust lines cannot be deleted while they trust lines cannot be deleted while they. Trust lines cannot be deleted while they have a balance in the pool have a balance in the pool. Have a balance in the pool and we'll make the data layer more and we'll make the data layer more. And we'll make the data layer more complex with additional queries and complex with additional queries and. Complex with additional queries and indexes for the lookup indexes for the lookup. Indexes for the lookup because we have to look up all the pull because we have to look up all the pull. Because we have to look up all the pull trust lines and pools trust lines and pools. Trust lines and pools the good thing about this approach is the good thing about this approach is. The good thing about this approach is that it works like author revocation that it works like author revocation. That it works like author revocation with offers with offers with offers so no additional steps are required when. So no additional steps are required when so no additional steps are required when. An issuer issuer an issuer issuer an issuer issuer is regulating a specific asset the. Is regulating a specific asset the is regulating a specific asset the second approach. Second approach second approach is a little different the way it works is a little different the way it works. Is a little different the way it works is that an issue where an asset can is that an issue where an asset can. Is that an issue where an asset can in a pool can revoke off on the pull in a pool can revoke off on the pull. In a pool can revoke off on the pull trust line instead of the asset trust trust line instead of the asset trust. Trust line instead of the asset trust line to redeem shares held by the pool line to redeem shares held by the pool. Line to redeem shares held by the pool trust trust trust line so any any issuer line so any any issuer. Line so any any issuer of any of the assets in a pool can do of any of the assets in a pool can do. of any of the assets in a pool can do this this this and then once that happens the the. And then once that happens the the and then once that happens the the pool shares held by that pool trust sign. Pool shares held by that pool trust sign pool shares held by that pool trust sign. Will be redeemed back to the owner will be redeemed back to the owner will be redeemed back to the owner. This approach will require the issuer to this approach will require the issuer to. This approach will require the issuer to look up all pool trust lines that I want. Look up all pool trust lines that I want look up all pool trust lines that I want. To revoke off from to revoke off from to revoke off from which isn't that big of a deal but. which isn't that big of a deal but which isn't that big of a deal but the bigger issue we we. The bigger issue we we the bigger issue we we wanted to address is that the issuer. Wanted to address is that the issuer wanted to address is that the issuer will also need to be aware of the. Will also need to be aware of the will also need to be aware of the additional step during authorication. Additional step during authorication additional step during authorication because now that not only do you have to. Because now that not only do you have to because now that not only do you have to. Revoke off in the asset trust line but revoke off in the asset trust line but revoke off in the asset trust line but. You may need to be you may need to be you may need to be you may need to broke off from the pull. You may need to broke off from the pull you may need to broke off from the pull trust line so john had an idea here. Trust line so john had an idea here trust line so john had an idea here to require the issuer to opt in. To require the issuer to opt in to require the issuer to opt in to liquidity pools so once using. to liquidity pools so once using to liquidity pools so once using an an. An authorization flag on the using the authorization flag on the using the authorization flag on the using the. Account flag account flag account flag so once that happens then the issuer so once that happens then the issuer. So once that happens then the issuer should be aware of nuances related to should be aware of nuances related to. Should be aware of nuances related to liquidity pools liquidity pools liquidity pools. The nice thing about this approach is the nice thing about this approach is the nice thing about this approach is. That it's simple to implement doesn't that it's simple to implement doesn't that it's simple to implement doesn't. Require changes in the data layer require changes in the data layer require changes in the data layer. the current cat38 proposal takes the the current cat38 proposal takes the the current cat38 proposal takes the. Second approach but we should second approach but we should second approach but we should. Obviously get some thoughts on this and obviously get some thoughts on this and obviously get some thoughts on this and. See if see if see if if that's what we want to finalize on one thing i'll tack on to what's it. One thing i'll tack on to what's it earth side is an idea from earth side is an idea from. Earth side is an idea from nikola that perhaps this opt-in behavior nikola that perhaps this opt-in behavior. Nikola that perhaps this opt-in behavior for for liquidity pool should only apply. For for liquidity pool should only apply for for liquidity pool should only apply. To the assets that are to the assets that are to the assets that are already authorization required this. Already authorization required this already authorization required this was also discussed on the mailing list. Was also discussed on the mailing list was also discussed on the mailing list but I think this is an. But I think this is an but I think this is an interesting an interesting addition. Interesting an interesting addition interesting an interesting addition because you know. Because you know because you know if you're not off required then there's if you're not off required then there's. If you're not off required then there's no concerns about revoking stuff anyway no concerns about revoking stuff anyway. No concerns about revoking stuff anyway really really really and in that kind of a setting. and in that kind of a setting and in that kind of a setting I think the majority of the assets on. I think the majority of the assets on I think the majority of the assets on the network are not authorization. The network are not authorization the network are not authorization required and so. Required and so required and so most things would just kind of most things would just kind of. Most things would just kind of transition seamlessly transition seamlessly transition seamlessly. Which I think is a cool advantage but I which I think is a cool advantage but I which I think is a cool advantage but i. Think there are some pros and cons to think there are some pros and cons to think there are some pros and cons to. That I mean is it worth just outlining the I mean is it worth just outlining the pros and cons to that. I mean I think the major con is that I mean I think the major con is that it's just. It's just it's just more complicated like when you're trying more complicated like when you're trying. More complicated like when you're trying to figure out to figure out to figure out. What's gonna what's gonna happen what's gonna what's gonna happen what's gonna what's gonna happen. Basically it's like okay I have to look basically it's like okay I have to look basically it's like okay I have to look. At this flag but I also have to pair it at this flag but I also have to pair it at this flag but I also have to pair it. Up against this other flag up against this other flag up against this other flag and I think that's kind of the major. And I think that's kind of the major and I think that's kind of the major thing like oh you know I'm looking at. Thing like oh you know I'm looking at thing like oh you know I'm looking at some asset can i. Some asset can I some asset can I can I put it in a liquidity pool it's can I put it in a liquidity pool it's. Can I put it in a liquidity pool it's not as obvious in that case not as obvious in that case. Not as obvious in that case so I think that that's probably so I think that that's probably. so I think that that's probably the biggest the biggest the biggest drawback of that kind of an additional. Drawback of that kind of an additional drawback of that kind of an additional step and I think lee was trying to say. Step and I think lee was trying to say step and I think lee was trying to say something a second ago so I'm gonna let. Something a second ago so I'm gonna let something a second ago so I'm gonna let him jump in. Him jump in him jump in yeah sorry I wasn't I was muted yeah sorry I wasn't I was muted. Yeah sorry I wasn't I was muted how would it work if you how would it work if you. how would it work if you if the asset was not auth required but if the asset was not auth required but. If the asset was not auth required but then the issuer decided to enable then the issuer decided to enable. Then the issuer decided to enable author required in terms of the ability to participate. In terms of the ability to participate in pools so like when adding auth in pools so like when adding auth. In pools so like when adding auth required would the required would the required would the. Issuer need to also indicate that the issuer need to also indicate that the issuer need to also indicate that the. Asset can continue to be used in pools asset can continue to be used in pools asset can continue to be used in pools. it's an open question that I hadn't it's an open question that I hadn't it's an open question that I hadn't. Even considered yet even considered yet even considered yet so it's a it's a good question I think. So it's a it's a good question I think so it's a it's a good question I think that that's another aspect of the. That that's another aspect of the that that's another aspect of the complexity complexity. Complexity of all of this here ideally the way I of all of this here ideally the way i. Of all of this here ideally the way I would kind of would kind of would kind of like it to work is that you these. Like it to work is that you these like it to work is that you these these things kind of work like. These things kind of work like these things kind of work like like what's it called the same way. like what's it called the same way like what's it called the same way that auth required works today which is. That auth required works today which is that auth required works today which is that as i've said many times the name is. That as i've said many times the name is that as i've said many times the name is. Very very very very kind of misleading and it's really very kind of misleading and it's really. Very kind of misleading and it's really more like what's your default more like what's your default. More like what's your default authorization state authorization state authorization state. and the liquidity pools thing could and the liquidity pools thing could and the liquidity pools thing could. Work the same kind of way where it's work the same kind of way where it's work the same kind of way where it's. Like what's the default authorization like what's the default authorization like what's the default authorization. State for a newly created pool share state for a newly created pool share state for a newly created pool share. Trust line and so then it could be like the default and so then it could be like the default. State is equal to state is equal to state is equal to the or of is this flag explicitly set. The or of is this flag explicitly set the or of is this flag explicitly set and the not of auth required. Yeah I think where the reason I ask it yeah I think where the reason I ask it is because I think like we're trying to. Is because I think like we're trying to is because I think like we're trying to we're talking about adding that to make. We're talking about adding that to make we're talking about adding that to make it less of a foot gun. It less of a foot gun it less of a foot gun for people to for issues for people to for issues. For people to for issues to not have to know about how liquidity to not have to know about how liquidity. To not have to know about how liquidity pools work pools work pools work if they're already off required but then. If they're already off required but then if they're already off required but then. The flip is true the flip side the flip is true the flip side the flip is true the flip side. Is that for an asset that's not all is that for an asset that's not all is that for an asset that's not all. Required required required and that issue doesn't know about and that issue doesn't know about. and that issue doesn't know about liquidity pools if they suddenly liquidity pools if they suddenly. Liquidity pools if they suddenly make it was required make it was required make it was required. Then they need to know about that flag if yeah if they're already allowing if yeah if they're already allowing. Liquidity pools to use so do we have any assets that are so do we have any assets that are . That are auth immutable but not auth that are auth immutable but not auth that are auth immutable but not auth. Required because if so it seems like required because if so it seems like required because if so it seems like. You'll be kind of unfortunate if you you'll be kind of unfortunate if you you'll be kind of unfortunate if you. Couldn't use those in amms no they see nobody does that no they see nobody does that. Nobody says I promise I'm not going to nobody says I promise I'm not going to nobody says I promise I'm not going to. Revoke this asset I'm going to make it revoke this asset I'm going to make it revoke this asset I'm going to make it. Off immutable off immutable off immutable because that seems like the primary because that seems like the primary. Because that seems like the primary point of off immutable is to like point of off immutable is to like. Point of off immutable is to like promise that you're not going to promise that you're not going to. Promise that you're not going to suddenly turn on off suddenly turn on off suddenly turn on off. The required flag right I mean like we the required flag right I mean like we the required flag right I mean like we. Have have have the like to me the we and I think I the like to me the we and I think i. The like to me the we and I think I mentioned that on the main english the mentioned that on the main english the. Mentioned that on the main english the degenerate case of this is actually the degenerate case of this is actually the. Degenerate case of this is actually the xlm right it's basically a xlm right it's basically a. xlm right it's basically a are not required immutable so I think are not required immutable so I think. Are not required immutable so I think in my mind it has to work the same way in my mind it has to work the same way. In my mind it has to work the same way right for accident this is what this you right for accident this is what this you. Right for accident this is what this you know know know you know this type of assets and those. You know this type of assets and those you know this type of assets and those type of assets I think we want. Type of assets I think we want type of assets I think we want to have them on the network they are. to have them on the network they are to have them on the network they are basically like the. Basically like the basically like the the purest from a the purest from a the purest from a. You know crypto asset point of view tomer it's my understanding that like tomer it's my understanding that like. The auth immutable flag in general is the auth immutable flag in general is the auth immutable flag in general is. Just like not highly used just like not highly used just like not highly used perhaps not really anybody is using it. Perhaps not really anybody is using it perhaps not really anybody is using it at all under any circumstances. At all under any circumstances at all under any circumstances what what's kind of the actual status. what what's kind of the actual status what what's kind of the actual status. Of that right now of that right now of that right now yeah that's correct the author immutable. Yeah that's correct the author immutable yeah that's correct the author immutable. Flag is almost flag is almost flag is almost not used at all I think maybe one issue. Not used at all I think maybe one issue not used at all I think maybe one issue where I need to look that up. Where I need to look that up where I need to look that up but usually when issuers want to. But usually when issuers want to but usually when issuers want to make a statement about the asset being. Make a statement about the asset being make a statement about the asset being locked down they actually do . Locked down they actually do locked down they actually do the remove signature way to be something. The remove signature way to be something the remove signature way to be something. Not achievable not achievable not achievable so actually my comment would apply to. So actually my comment would apply to so actually my comment would apply to that case too if anybody sort of. That case too if anybody sort of that case too if anybody sort of created non-author required assets and. Created non-author required assets and created non-author required assets and like you know. Like you know like you know nuked the signing weights on the nuked the signing weights on the. nuked the signing weights on the issuing account issuing account issuing account. It would be a bummer if those assets it would be a bummer if those assets it would be a bummer if those assets. Couldn't work with the amm couldn't work with the amm couldn't work with the amm if I would probably want it. If I would probably want it if I would probably want it you know a default on thing unless the. You know a default on thing unless the you know a default on thing unless the there are no such assets. There are no such assets there are no such assets so so the so the question is so so the so the question is. So so the so the question is like do we expect such assets to exist like do we expect such assets to exist. Like do we expect such assets to exist and and and you know nico said something very smart. You know nico said something very smart you know nico said something very smart which is like this is like the crypto. Which is like this is like the crypto which is like this is like the crypto asset in its purest form right. Asset in its purest form right asset in its purest form right but to some extent it's. but to some extent it's but to some extent it's it's somewhat of a myth and if you. It's somewhat of a myth and if you it's somewhat of a myth and if you look at. Look at look at you know if you look at a lot of popular you know if you look at a lot of popular. You know if you look at a lot of popular tokens in like the erc20 universe tokens in like the erc20 universe. Tokens in like the erc20 universe there there is almost no such thing as there there is almost no such thing as. There there is almost no such thing as an immutable an immutable an immutable asset anymore like all our erc 20. Asset anymore like all our erc 20 asset anymore like all our erc 20 contracts are actually proxies so that. Contracts are actually proxies so that contracts are actually proxies so that they could be upgraded if . They could be upgraded if they could be upgraded if you know and if you discover like. You know and if you discover like you know and if you discover like malicious malicious. Malicious you know backdoors or whatever so you know backdoors or whatever so. you know backdoors or whatever so you know there's almost always some sort you know there's almost always some sort. You know there's almost always some sort of you know oversight it might be some of you know oversight it might be some. Of you know oversight it might be some some you know consortia via multisig some you know consortia via multisig. Some you know consortia via multisig or something like that but or something like that but. Or something like that but it's very rare to have you know it's very rare to have you know. It's very rare to have you know almost non-existent to have like assets almost non-existent to have like assets. Almost non-existent to have like assets in it like the pure in it like the pure in it like the pure. you know untouchable form you know untouchable form you know untouchable form. And so I guess the other sort of and so I guess the other sort of and so I guess the other sort of. Question about the current state of the question about the current state of the question about the current state of the. Ecosystem is let's say that we ecosystem is let's say that we ecosystem is let's say that we. we kind of flip the polarity such we kind of flip the polarity such we kind of flip the polarity such. That there's a flag that's off by that there's a flag that's off by that there's a flag that's off by. Default but you could just default but you could just default but you could just as an issuer said it it says like don't. As an issuer said it it says like don't as an issuer said it it says like don't use this in mms or something right. Use this in mms or something right use this in mms or something right do we think that there are any people. do we think that there are any people do we think that there are any people. Out there who out there who out there who like they have an asset that they really. Like they have an asset that they really like they have an asset that they really. Care that it's not used in an amm but care that it's not used in an amm but care that it's not used in an amm but. They sort of lack the confidence to they sort of lack the confidence to they sort of lack the confidence to. Or awareness to set such a flag if we or awareness to set such a flag if we or awareness to set such a flag if we. Give them like you know give them like you know give them like you know a month's notice or something. I can't think of such assets because I can't think of such assets because I feel like I wouldn't I want this. Feel like I wouldn't I want this feel like I wouldn't I want this you know of course we want the mm to be. You know of course we want the mm to be you know of course we want the mm to be usable as widely as possible. Usable as widely as possible usable as widely as possible and we also want to be in a position. And we also want to be in a position and we also want to be in a position where like we don't have people sort of. Where like we don't have people sort of where like we don't have people sort of bitterly complaining that we pulled the. Bitterly complaining that we pulled the bitterly complaining that we pulled the rug out from under them but. Rug out from under them but rug out from under them but but beyond that but beyond that . but beyond that you know so to me that suggests we want you know so to me that suggests we want. You know so to me that suggests we want some kind of like the some kind of like the. Some kind of like the default on thing basically I mean tomer from the perspective of. I mean tomer from the perspective of like what if we like what if we like what if we. So like the motivation for adding this so like the motivation for adding this so like the motivation for adding this. Kind of kind of kind of a flag in the first place it kind of a flag in the first place it kind of. A flag in the first place it kind of originated from this notion of like originated from this notion of like. Originated from this notion of like what about people who who wrote some what about people who who wrote some. What about people who who wrote some code code code and have something running on their back. And have something running on their back and have something running on their back. End and it's you know issuing assets and end and it's you know issuing assets and. End and it's you know issuing assets and receiving receiving receiving requests to revoke them and whatever . Requests to revoke them and whatever requests to revoke them and whatever and. And and these guys they don't realize that these guys they don't realize that. These guys they don't realize that something has changed out from something has changed out from. Something has changed out from underneath them and underneath them and underneath them and. You know people start putting stuff into you know people start putting stuff into. You know people start putting stuff into liquidity pools they revoke liquidity pools they revoke. Liquidity pools they revoke but it doesn't actually really do the but it doesn't actually really do the. But it doesn't actually really do the job because those assets job because those assets. Job because those assets are still in the liquidity pool they're are still in the liquidity pool they're. Are still in the liquidity pool they're still being traded still being traded . Still being traded do you think anybody would even care do you think anybody would even care. Do you think anybody would even care because if nobody cares and nobody would because if nobody cares and nobody would. Because if nobody cares and nobody would really be in this situation like this really be in this situation like this. Really be in this situation like this isn't a problem for isn't a problem for isn't a problem for. It doesn't matter if this situation it doesn't matter if this situation it doesn't matter if this situation. Might arise a year in the future if you might arise a year in the future if you might arise a year in the future if you. Show up a year in the future show up a year in the future show up a year in the future. And you start doing something well I and you start doing something well I and you start doing something well i. Expect you to know what the current expect you to know what the current expect you to know what the current. State of what you're doing is state of what you're doing is state of what you're doing is. It's only for people who already have it's only for people who already have it's only for people who already have. Operations and if you don't think any of operations and if you don't think any of. Operations and if you don't think any of those people would care those people would care. Those people would care then maybe we don't have to jump through then maybe we don't have to jump through. Then maybe we don't have to jump through any of these hoops at all any of these hoops at all. Any of these hoops at all so I think both the both this edge case so I think both the both this edge case. So I think both the both this edge case and the edge case that and the edge case that. And the edge case that like david brought up are like david brought up are like david brought up are. Very edgy like they're just not very edgy like they're just not very edgy like they're just not. I'm having a hard time thinking about I'm having a hard time thinking about I'm having a hard time thinking about. Anyone that will actually be affected anyone that will actually be affected anyone that will actually be affected. By this in the ecosystem I think that you know if we would have asked a lot of. You know if we would have asked a lot of assets like that in the ecosystem then i. Assets like that in the ecosystem then I assets like that in the ecosystem then i. Would say that david's would say that david's would say that david's kind of like on by default would. kind of like on by default would kind of like on by default would would make. Would make would make sense because they would probably sense because they would probably. sense because they would probably want to participate in these liquidity want to participate in these liquidity. Want to participate in these liquidity pools pools pools but then we'd have we'd have a. but then we'd have we'd have a but then we'd have we'd have a problem with the mechanics of. Problem with the mechanics of problem with the mechanics of of how to revoke change and and kind. Of how to revoke change and and kind of how to revoke change and and kind of like. Of like of like you know and your point comes into play you know and your point comes into play. You know and your point comes into play in reality I just don't think it matters in reality I just don't think it matters. In reality I just don't think it matters all that much I think all that much I think. All that much I think I think I think what you suggest john is I think I think what you suggest john is. I think I think what you suggest john is probably probably probably more complete in that if anyone is. More complete in that if anyone is more complete in that if anyone is relying on existing behavior they don't. Relying on existing behavior they don't relying on existing behavior they don't they don't get borked when you. they don't get borked when you they don't get borked when you know when they try to revoke. Know when they try to revoke know when they try to revoke you know like a new asset. you know like a new asset you know like a new asset you know liquidity cool stuff. You know liquidity cool stuff you know liquidity cool stuff yeah I just don't think it matters all. Yeah I just don't think it matters all yeah I just don't think it matters all. That much like I vote for for what you that much like I vote for for what you that much like I vote for for what you. Said john said john said john for you know having an off for you know having an off. for you know having an off by default so that people know that by default so that people know that. By default so that people know that there's like there's like there's like a special handling required. Yes required or not just yes required or not just like in general because I think that's. Like in general because I think that's like in general because I think that's kind of one of the distinctions we are. Kind of one of the distinctions we are kind of one of the distinctions we are trying to. Trying to trying to to draw in the in the conversation was to draw in the in the conversation was. To draw in the in the conversation was for auth required assets you do want for auth required assets you do want. For auth required assets you do want it off by default but the ones that are it off by default but the ones that are. It off by default but the ones that are not not not earth required can be on by default. That if we if we had it on by default that if we if we had it on by default that like there's probably nobody who. That like there's probably nobody who that like there's probably nobody who would. Would would mind right that's what I was confused mind right that's what I was confused. Mind right that's what I was confused about too like about too like about too like. Turmeric can you clarify actually like turmeric can you clarify actually like turmeric can you clarify actually like. Are you saying that we should are you saying that we should are you saying that we should. Remove the flag because you don't think remove the flag because you don't think remove the flag because you don't think. Anybody would actually want the flag anybody would actually want the flag anybody would actually want the flag. To be set or are you saying that we to be set or are you saying that we to be set or are you saying that we. Should do should do should do one of the things that either I was one of the things that either I was. One of the things that either I was suggesting david was suggesting any of suggesting david was suggesting any of. Suggesting david was suggesting any of us were suggesting I'm a little confused us were suggesting I'm a little confused. Us were suggesting I'm a little confused so I thought we were discussing a so I thought we were discussing a. So I thought we were discussing a dedicated flag dedicated flag dedicated flag that is on by default or sorry off by. That is on by default or sorry off by that is on by default or sorry off by. Default for default for default for for author required assets for author required assets. For author required assets yeah so I was I was supporting that yeah so I was I was supporting that. Yeah so I was I was supporting that so in other words if you have an off so in other words if you have an off. So in other words if you have an off required asset you have to required asset you have to. Required asset you have to designate it you have to flip the flag designate it you have to flip the flag. Designate it you have to flip the flag to say to say to say this auth required asset is now can now. This auth required asset is now can now this auth required asset is now can now be used in liquidity equals. Be used in liquidity equals be used in liquidity equals yeah that is indeed what I agreed with. Yeah that is indeed what I agreed with yeah that is indeed what I agreed with yeah. Yeah yeah the opt-in yeah I think david that that would cover your I think david that that would cover your. Case too because if you're case too because if you're case too because if you're auth required you need to have at least. Auth required you need to have at least auth required you need to have at least oh. Oh oh no you could just have low signing no you could just have low signing no you could just have low signing. Weight only weight only weight only I guess it also depends yeah if you can I guess it also depends yeah if you can. I guess it also depends yeah if you can you set this flag with low signing you set this flag with low signing. You set this flag with low signing weight weight weight I mean I guess I mean I guess. I mean I guess i'd rather i'd rather i'd rather I you know i'd rather stuff be on by. I you know i'd rather stuff be on by I you know i'd rather stuff be on by default right for the same reason like. Default right for the same reason like default right for the same reason like auth required isn't the default. Auth required isn't the default auth required isn't the default you know I would like it if inhibit amm. You know I would like it if inhibit amm you know I would like it if inhibit amm weren't. Weren't weren't or whatever require a mm off or whatever require a mm off or whatever require a mm off. Weren't on by default for for anyone weren't on by default for for anyone weren't on by default for for anyone. just just just it's just it's very easy to convince it's just it's very easy to convince. It's just it's very easy to convince ourselves that there's edge cases where ourselves that there's edge cases where. Ourselves that there's edge cases where like like like somebody is not somebody is like. Somebody is not somebody is like somebody is not somebody is like not gonna be paying attention and and. Not gonna be paying attention and and not gonna be paying attention and and it's going to run into huge problems but. It's going to run into huge problems but it's going to run into huge problems but. You know if these are edge cases then you know if these are edge cases then you know if these are edge cases then. I'd rather i'd rather i'd rather just have the functionality on by default default. It also simplifies the logic you know a it also simplifies the logic you know a it also simplifies the logic you know a. Tiny bit tiny bit tiny bit like and it gives more possibilities you like and it gives more possibilities you. Like and it gives more possibilities you know maybe there actually is know maybe there actually is. Know maybe there actually is some asset that you like really don't some asset that you like really don't. Some asset that you like really don't want to have used in an amm for some want to have used in an amm for some. Want to have used in an amm for some reason but you don't want to reason but you don't want to. Reason but you don't want to auth require it so correct me if I'm wrong but if they. So correct me if I'm wrong but if they do have auth required right now do have auth required right now. Do have auth required right now then and we turn it on by default then and we turn it on by default. Then and we turn it on by default then then then the authorization semantics is. The authorization semantics is the authorization semantics is understood by the issuer. Understood by the issuer understood by the issuer essentially get like invalid or. Essentially get like invalid or essentially get like invalid or changed changed. Changed right oh I see so you're suggesting like right oh I see so you're suggesting like. Right oh I see so you're suggesting like a big database migration on the protocol. A big database migration on the protocol a big database migration on the protocol. Upgrade which actually is another thing upgrade which actually is another thing upgrade which actually is another thing. We can just kind of like we can just kind of like we can just kind of like it's a it's an it's an inhibit flag. It's a it's an it's an inhibit flag it's a it's an it's an inhibit flag that's going to be off by default but. That's going to be off by default but that's going to be off by default but for starters we grew. For starters we grew for starters we grew everybody who's currently author everybody who's currently author. Everybody who's currently author required we actually set the flag when required we actually set the flag when. Required we actually set the flag when we introduce it we introduce it we introduce it. Is that is that what you're I wasn't is that is that what you're I wasn't is that is that what you're I wasn't. Thinking about that thinking about that thinking about that but and in that situation if someone. But and in that situation if someone but and in that situation if someone showed up. Showed up showed up new to issue a new asset new to issue a new asset new to issue a new asset. It would be and they decided to make it it would be and they decided to make it it would be and they decided to make it. Auth required auth required auth required it would automatically be on it would be. It would automatically be on it would be it would automatically be on it would be. No they'd have to decide like the same no they'd have to decide like the same no they'd have to decide like the same. Way auth required is off by default the way auth required is off by default the way auth required is off by default the. Amm inhibit flag is going to be off by amm inhibit flag is going to be off by amm inhibit flag is going to be off by. Default default default and so when you set one you might or and so when you set one you might or. And so when you set one you might or might not want to set the other these might not want to set the other these. Might not want to set the other these are like you know it's part of your are like you know it's part of your. Are like you know it's part of your decision tree it's the same as you have decision tree it's the same as you have. Decision tree it's the same as you have to decide whether you want to set auth to decide whether you want to set auth. To decide whether you want to set auth immutable which you know most people immutable which you know most people. Immutable which you know most people don't don't don't but or like auth clawback or whatever. But or like auth clawback or whatever but or like auth clawback or whatever like we're just going to have. Like we're just going to have like we're just going to have when you want to issue an asset like. When you want to issue an asset like when you want to issue an asset like these are the decisions that you need to. These are the decisions that you need to these are the decisions that you need to. Make about your asset make about your asset make about your asset and so if we kind of you know clearly. And so if we kind of you know clearly and so if we kind of you know clearly document that you have to make like. Document that you have to make like document that you have to make like three different decisions about what. Three different decisions about what three different decisions about what your assets can behave like. Your assets can behave like your assets can behave like then I feel fine going forward and it's. Then I feel fine going forward and it's then I feel fine going forward and it's just a question of do we have like. Just a question of do we have like just a question of do we have like existing assets. Existing assets existing assets where like people are where like people are. Where like people are like would not have the confidence or like would not have the confidence or. Like would not have the confidence or awareness that they need to like change awareness that they need to like change. Awareness that they need to like change this flag if they care about it and then this flag if they care about it and then. This flag if they care about it and then you know like a month after we announced. You know like a month after we announced you know like a month after we announced. This and the thing goes live then it this and the thing goes live then it this and the thing goes live then it. Would run into problems can I flip this discussion over for a can I flip this discussion over for a. Second now and say like second now and say like second now and say like these problems don't really exist as. these problems don't really exist as these problems don't really exist as much if we. Much if we much if we were really at all if we did the other were really at all if we did the other. Were really at all if we did the other authorization model that like authorization model that like. Authorization model that like the version one that starts listed the version one that starts listed . The version one that starts listed which is basically like make it work which is basically like make it work. Which is basically like make it work exactly like offers work today exactly like offers work today. Exactly like offers work today you get your auth revoked now your now you get your auth revoked now your now. You get your auth revoked now your now your pool shares are all going to get your pool shares are all going to get. Your pool shares are all going to get revoked too revoked too revoked too obviously this has some like. Obviously this has some like obviously this has some like implementation burden on our side. Implementation burden on our side implementation burden on our side it would make us have more things to. it would make us have more things to it would make us have more things to test and whatever. Test and whatever test and whatever but if it's justified then maybe we but if it's justified then maybe we. But if it's justified then maybe we should consider that should consider that should consider that. But that's not sort of that's not but that's not sort of that's not but that's not sort of that's not. Semantically equivalent so the the question is I so the the question is I i. Actually see these things as almost actually see these things as almost actually see these things as almost. Orthogonal like there's two different orthogonal like there's two different orthogonal like there's two different. Things like one is like what happens things like one is like what happens things like one is like what happens. When like you know particular people when like you know particular people when like you know particular people. Get sanctioned or whatever and get sanctioned or whatever and get sanctioned or whatever and. Another question is another question is another question is do you not want there to be you know. Do you not want there to be you know do you not want there to be you know do you want a tighter like control of. Do you want a tighter like control of do you want a tighter like control of. Like the market in your asset and they seem like different questions and they seem like different questions. And I could imagine different and I could imagine different and I could imagine different. Asset issuers to answering different asset issuers to answering different asset issuers to answering different. Ways for the two questions ways for the two questions ways for the two questions so john with with the v1 you described. So john with with the v1 you described so john with with the v1 you described yeah does that mean we . Yeah does that mean we yeah does that mean we does that mean issuers do not have the. Does that mean issuers do not have the does that mean issuers do not have the ability to opt out of liquidity pools. Ability to opt out of liquidity pools ability to opt out of liquidity pools we we could still add that feature if we. We we could still add that feature if we we we could still add that feature if we. Wanted to but that feature would no wanted to but that feature would no wanted to but that feature would no. Longer be one of these kind of like longer be one of these kind of like longer be one of these kind of like. You could make this work and everything you could make this work and everything you could make this work and everything. Would kind of look transparent from an would kind of look transparent from an would kind of look transparent from an. Issuer's perspective issuer's perspective issuer's perspective like different things would be happening. Like different things would be happening like different things would be happening. On the network but the same operations on the network but the same operations on the network but the same operations. That they were doing to control accounts that they were doing to control accounts. That they were doing to control accounts would all still work would all still work. Would all still work so in in the version one approach I so in in the version one approach i. So in in the version one approach I agree with david the questions are agree with david the questions are. Agree with david the questions are orthogonal like orthogonal like orthogonal like. How do we want to control like do like how do we want to control like do like how do we want to control like do like. You have this choice on how to control you have this choice on how to control you have this choice on how to control. The ah the ah the ah you make a certain choice and then the you make a certain choice and then the. You make a certain choice and then the other degree of freedom is totally open other degree of freedom is totally open. Other degree of freedom is totally open but if you go the approach two then the but if you go the approach two then the. But if you go the approach two then the then you're not in an orthogonal space then you're not in an orthogonal space. Then you're not in an orthogonal space anymore anymore anymore because then you have this backwards. because then you have this backwards because then you have this backwards compatibility problem that appears. Compatibility problem that appears compatibility problem that appears but we could kind of answer the question. But we could kind of answer the question but we could kind of answer the question. Separately like maybe we want the flag separately like maybe we want the flag separately like maybe we want the flag. Either way so then it matters a bit less yeah so I'm reading siddharth's yeah so I'm reading siddharth's . Outline here and I'm I'm outline here and I'm I'm outline here and I'm I'm leaning towards v1 in terms of . Leaning towards v1 in terms of leaning towards v1 in terms of like a more sensible contract that's in. Like a more sensible contract that's in like a more sensible contract that's in line with what we have today. Line with what we have today line with what we have today I don't have you know you core folks. I don't have you know you core folks I don't have you know you core folks need to. Need to need to you know express how bad this is you know express how bad this is. you know express how bad this is in terms of implementation because I in terms of implementation because i. In terms of implementation because I think from a contract perspective this think from a contract perspective this. Think from a contract perspective this just just just you know is is more in line with what. You know is is more in line with what you know is is more in line with what you have today. You have today you have today it's like it's it's variably bad I guess is the. It's it's variably bad I guess is the best way to characterize it best way to characterize it. Best way to characterize it in a world where we only have two in a world where we only have two. In a world where we only have two asset liquidity pools it's like probably asset liquidity pools it's like probably. Asset liquidity pools it's like probably not so bad not so bad not so bad but like if we were in a world where we. But like if we were in a world where we but like if we were in a world where we were like oh you know like balancer type. Were like oh you know like balancer type were like oh you know like balancer type. Pools with eight assets are actually pools with eight assets are actually pools with eight assets are actually. Great great great then it starts becoming kind of then it starts becoming kind of. Then it starts becoming kind of problematic problematic problematic the reason it becomes kind of. The reason it becomes kind of the reason it becomes kind of problematic is that we have to be able. Problematic is that we have to be able problematic is that we have to be able to efficiently. To efficiently to efficiently extract all the pool shares that have to extract all the pool shares that have to. Extract all the pool shares that have to get revoked get revoked get revoked. But they might correspond to any of the but they might correspond to any of the but they might correspond to any of the. Assets in the pool assets in the pool assets in the pool let's say there's eight just for the. Let's say there's eight just for the let's say there's eight just for the sake of argument maybe in pool one it's. Sake of argument maybe in pool one it's sake of argument maybe in pool one it's the third asset and then in pool two. The third asset and then in pool two the third asset and then in pool two it's the seventh asset and full three. It's the seventh asset and full three it's the seventh asset and full three it's the first asset. It's the first asset it's the first asset so you end up breaking out all the so you end up breaking out all the. So you end up breaking out all the assets into separate columns in your assets into separate columns in your. Assets into separate columns in your databases databases databases you've got an index on every column. You've got an index on every column you've got an index on every column right now our an average table in our. Right now our an average table in our right now our an average table in our database has either zero or one indices. Database has either zero or one indices database has either zero or one indices so like for example if we were in this. So like for example if we were in this so like for example if we were in this world that would add you know. World that would add you know world that would add you know eight times as many indices as I think. Eight times as many indices as I think eight times as many indices as I think the trustline table currently has. The trustline table currently has the trustline table currently has so that's that's kind of the. so that's that's kind of the so that's that's kind of the perspective here perspective here. Perspective here there's probably big performance there's probably big performance. There's probably big performance complications as soon as you add eight complications as soon as you add eight. Complications as soon as you add eight indices indices indices you know every index operation is. you know every index operation is you know every index operation is basically a table. Basically a table basically a table operation so operation so operation so . I mean to be fair you don't necessarily I mean to be fair you don't necessarily I mean to be fair you don't necessarily. Need to do need to do need to do that many indexes like you can do it in that many indexes like you can do it in. That many indexes like you can do it in a in a way it's a little more a in a way it's a little more. A in a way it's a little more like you know map asset to like a it's a like you know map asset to like a it's a. Like you know map asset to like a it's a multi-map multi-map multi-map basically like. Basically like basically like creating a separate table to query again creating a separate table to query again. Creating a separate table to query again yeah it's a separate table for indexing yeah it's a separate table for indexing. Yeah it's a separate table for indexing purely for indexing it's yeah purely for indexing it's yeah. Purely for indexing it's yeah but it's it might be a lot more but it's it might be a lot more. But it's it might be a lot more efficient than that might be more efficient than that might be more. Efficient than that might be more efficient efficient efficient more complicated ones you because that's. More complicated ones you because that's more complicated ones you because that's. One b one one b three right as opposed one b one one b three right as opposed one b one one b three right as opposed. To many b3s to many b3s to many b3s yeah so I mean like that could be a yeah so I mean like that could be a. Yeah so I mean like that could be a better implementation but then we have better implementation but then we have. Better implementation but then we have to maintain an extra table to maintain an extra table. To maintain an extra table so yeah it might be more efficient so yeah it might be more efficient. so yeah it might be more efficient probably more complicated look v1 makes more sense from a contact. Look v1 makes more sense from a contact perspective I perspective I perspective i. is there someone that disagrees with is there someone that disagrees with is there someone that disagrees with. That okay I agree okay okay I agree okay so you know in that case you know so you know in that case you know. so you know in that case you know you know nico you folks need to put you know nico you folks need to put. you know nico you folks need to put your foot down your foot down your foot down. On on whether this is like acceptable on on whether this is like acceptable. On on whether this is like acceptable or the complexity in core just or the complexity in core just . or the complexity in core just you know makes it so that we need to you know makes it so that we need to. You know makes it so that we need to make the less make the less make the less sensible contract decision. Justin maybe we need to let the core justin maybe we need to let the core folks huddle up and. Folks huddle up and folks huddle up and and and and figure out like how yeah. And and and figure out like how yeah and and and figure out like how yeah I feel like that's true are there any. I feel like that's true are there any I feel like that's true are there any other questions about this topic that we. Other questions about this topic that we other questions about this topic that we. Want to make sure to cover or want to make sure to cover or want to make sure to cover or. Or is that our stopping point core folks or is that our stopping point core folks. Or is that our stopping point core folks go back and think about go back and think about. Go back and think about whether the more sensible contract whether the more sensible contract. Whether the more sensible contract approach v1 approach v1 approach v1 whether the implementation is a show. Whether the implementation is a show whether the implementation is a show stopper blocker. Stopper blocker stopper blocker or is there more is there more I guess or is there more is there more I guess. Or is there more is there more I guess the only the only the only the only question i'll still ask here is. The only question i'll still ask here is the only question i'll still ask here is. Like do we still want the flag like do we still want the flag like do we still want the flag. Because like the like we could always because like the like we could always because like the like we could always. Add the flag later add the flag later add the flag later if people want to opt out . If people want to opt out if people want to opt out and that that would just mean that we. And that that would just mean that we and that that would just mean that we have less work to do and we can deliver. Have less work to do and we can deliver have less work to do and we can deliver this sooner. oh I can I can reach out to some oh I can I can reach out to some viewers viewers. Viewers and and see if that's a and and see if that's a and and see if that's a. If that's a showstopper in any way if that's a showstopper in any way if that's a showstopper in any way . Intuitively I can't think of any issuer intuitively I can't think of any issuer intuitively I can't think of any issuer. That will that will that will you know passionately want to you know passionately want to. you know passionately want to disable their asset from participating disable their asset from participating. Disable their asset from participating in liquidity pools in liquidity pools in liquidity pools. but I'm not sure but I'm not sure but I'm not sure is there like to the extent I would. Is there like to the extent I would is there like to the extent I would imagine people doing that I could. Imagine people doing that I could imagine people doing that I could imagine a situation where. Imagine a situation where imagine a situation where what you really want is like you believe. What you really want is like you believe what you really want is like you believe. That there's sort of like two or three that there's sort of like two or three that there's sort of like two or three. High quality assets that are kyc high quality assets that are kyc high quality assets that are kyc. And whatever and so you're willing and and whatever and so you're willing and and whatever and so you're willing and. You're you're willing to have your asset you're you're willing to have your asset. You're you're willing to have your asset have a market against those and you have a market against those and you. Have a market against those and you don't want don't want don't want just like random people buying your. Just like random people buying your just like random people buying your asset where you can't sort of trace one. Asset where you can't sort of trace one asset where you can't sort of trace one hop and. Hop and hop and and ask who that was so is there any and ask who that was so is there any. And ask who that was so is there any possibility to add possibility to add possibility to add. To give issuers control over what assets to give issuers control over what assets. To give issuers control over what assets they're allowed to be they're allowed to be. They're allowed to be matched we'd like to have a trust line matched we'd like to have a trust line. Matched we'd like to have a trust line on on on the liquidity pool itself as opposed to. The liquidity pool itself as opposed to the liquidity pool itself as opposed to an individual. An individual an individual participant that's an interesting concept my that's an interesting concept my. Kind of a priori intuition on this kind of a priori intuition on this kind of a priori intuition on this. Is that you like you can't control that is that you like you can't control that is that you like you can't control that. Today anyway because today anyway because today anyway because you could already do it against the. You could already do it against the you could already do it against the decks like the existing order book. Decks like the existing order book decks like the existing order book and if that's the kind of feature you. And if that's the kind of feature you and if that's the kind of feature you wanted you're probably using the. Wanted you're probably using the wanted you're probably using the the cap18 semantics . The cap18 semantics the cap18 semantics which is for people listening it's like. Which is for people listening it's like which is for people listening it's like this like fine grained authorization. This like fine grained authorization this like fine grained authorization control and it's mapped up against some. Control and it's mapped up against some control and it's mapped up against some sep. Sep sep which number I can't remember right now which number I can't remember right now. Which number I can't remember right now so I can't I can't really see how adding. So I can't I can't really see how adding so I can't I can't really see how adding. This feature this feature this feature at the protocol level would you're muted at the protocol level would you're muted. At the protocol level would you're muted david david david you're still muted none of us can hear you david sorry. None of us can hear you david sorry there could be like you know a trade-off there could be like you know a trade-off. There could be like you know a trade-off required flag or something that required flag or something that. required flag or something that basically it applies to both the mms and basically it applies to both the mms and. Basically it applies to both the mms and the decks the decks the decks and it says it says like I actually. And it says it says like I actually and it says it says like I actually have to authorize. Have to authorize have to authorize any other asset that my asset is traded any other asset that my asset is traded. Any other asset that my asset is traded against so making it apply even to the existing. So making it apply even to the existing order bill yeah order bill yeah order bill yeah. I mean interesting if nobody's asking I mean interesting if nobody's asking I mean interesting if nobody's asking. For this then you know it's for this then you know it's for this then you know it's. Probably not worth doing but this probably not worth doing but this probably not worth doing but this. Actually seems more useful than just actually seems more useful than just actually seems more useful than just. Like blanket inhibiting like blanket inhibiting like blanket inhibiting amms it's definitely an interesting idea. Amms it's definitely an interesting idea amms it's definitely an interesting idea. Not one that i've heard before I think not one that i've heard before I think not one that i've heard before I think. Tomer can find out what people really tomer can find out what people really tomer can find out what people really. Want and that's probably the good want and that's probably the good want and that's probably the good. A good starting point but if you're a good starting point but if you're a good starting point but if you're. Gonna do that and it's retroactive onto gonna do that and it's retroactive onto gonna do that and it's retroactive onto. The existing order book i'd say let's do the existing order book i'd say let's do. The existing order book i'd say let's do it as a separate it as a separate it as a separate. A separate kind of proposal in a a separate kind of proposal in a a separate kind of proposal in a. Separate protocol version probably separate protocol version probably separate protocol version probably. Just for the sake of expedience but then just for the sake of expedience but then. Just for the sake of expedience but then if if if we think that that if if if we think that that. If if if we think that that that actually solves people's problems that actually solves people's problems. That actually solves people's problems better than the existing ones then maybe better than the existing ones then maybe. Better than the existing ones then maybe we don't need to worry as much about we don't need to worry as much about. We don't need to worry as much about the existing ones you know unless the existing ones you know unless. The existing ones you know unless there's anybody saying like there's anybody saying like. There's anybody saying like you know don't don't let my don't let my you know don't don't let my don't let my. You know don't don't let my don't let my asset be traded asset be traded asset be traded. In amms but do let it be traded on the in amms but do let it be traded on the in amms but do let it be traded on the. Decks like somebody yeah which is decks like somebody yeah which is decks like somebody yeah which is. Weird like it's hard for me to imagine weird like it's hard for me to imagine weird like it's hard for me to imagine. What that use case is but maybe it's what that use case is but maybe it's what that use case is but maybe it's. There I don't know yeah I think given that you know we yeah I think given that you know we. Don't have this feature around the decks don't have this feature around the decks. Don't have this feature around the decks right now and right now and right now and . You know we haven't had issuers saying you know we haven't had issuers saying you know we haven't had issuers saying. You know I'm not going to issue this you know I'm not going to issue this you know I'm not going to issue this. Asset because I'm afraid it's going to asset because I'm afraid it's going to asset because I'm afraid it's going to. Be be be traded on the decks traded on the decks traded on the decks .   you know I think we're probably in the you know I think we're probably in the. You know I think we're probably in the same boat with liquidity pools okay maybe let's call today well I mean. Okay maybe let's call today well I mean in in fairness in in fairness in in fairness. There's probably people who say like I'm there's probably people who say like I'm. There's probably people who say like I'm just not gonna issue my asset on a just not gonna issue my asset on a. Just not gonna issue my asset on a blockchain because it's because I'm blockchain because it's because I'm. Blockchain because it's because I'm scared of blockchains scared of blockchains scared of blockchains. And so this would be more like we could and so this would be more like we could and so this would be more like we could. Come to and say hey you've heard of come to and say hey you've heard of come to and say hey you've heard of. These two these two these two issuers who are like you know reputable issuers who are like you know reputable. Issuers who are like you know reputable in the non-blockchain financial world in the non-blockchain financial world. In the non-blockchain financial world well guess what like you could you could well guess what like you could you could. Well guess what like you could you could make your asset available only for make your asset available only for. Make your asset available only for like you know you know only for sale for like you know you know only for sale for. Like you know you know only for sale for like customers of like these two banks like customers of like these two banks. Like customers of like these two banks or whatever or whatever or whatever and that would sort of it would be a. and that would sort of it would be a and that would sort of it would be a way of kind of attracting people who are. Way of kind of attracting people who are way of kind of attracting people who are. Otherwise afraid of blockchain by otherwise afraid of blockchain by otherwise afraid of blockchain by. Making it less unknown but again this would be I guess a but again this would be I guess a. Separate proposal so separate proposal so separate proposal so right so back to this issue for this. Right so back to this issue for this right so back to this issue for this particular proposal. Particular proposal particular proposal it seems like where where we've ended at it seems like where where we've ended at. It seems like where where we've ended at least with today's discussion is least with today's discussion is. Least with today's discussion is v1 makes more sense as a contract v1 makes more sense as a contract. V1 makes more sense as a contract but the question is what does the but the question is what does the. But the question is what does the implementation implementation implementation look like in and that's something that. Look like in and that's something that look like in and that's something that the core team will. The core team will the core team will think about seems true right think about seems true right. Think about seems true right seems like where we've ended up okay I seems like where we've ended up okay i. Seems like where we've ended up okay I have a question about all three have a question about all three. Have a question about all three revocation revocation revocation it's not really to do with v1 versus v2. It's not really to do with v1 versus v2 it's not really to do with v1 versus v2 I think it applies to both of them. I think it applies to both of them I think it applies to both of them and it's from siddharth's email where. and it's from siddharth's email where and it's from siddharth's email where. He he he presented these two different options it presented these two different options it. Presented these two different options it says an email that says an email that says an email that. If the full shares can't be sent back to if the full shares can't be sent back to. If the full shares can't be sent back to the owner the owner the owner that is impossible that they're going to. That is impossible that they're going to that is impossible that they're going to. Get stored in a claimable balance for get stored in a claimable balance for get stored in a claimable balance for. The owner is that something we're the owner is that something we're the owner is that something we're. Still considering still considering still considering and if so and if so and if so . I'm just a little concerned it seemed I'm just a little concerned it seemed I'm just a little concerned it seemed. That seems like that would be very that seems like that would be very that seems like that would be very. Unpredictable unpredictable unpredictable and applications like they may not and applications like they may not. And applications like they may not really handle that edge case so really handle that edge case so. Really handle that edge case so yeah I'm just curious about that so we're we're still thinking about how. So we're we're still thinking about how how that case would work how that case would work. How that case would work like you know regards to claimable like you know regards to claimable. like you know regards to claimable balances and balances and balances and you know we initially considered all. You know we initially considered all you know we initially considered all like always putting it into account. Like always putting it into account like always putting it into account clinical balance. Clinical balance clinical balance but there there are still questions but there there are still questions. but there there are still questions around around around like how reserves would work here and. Like how reserves would work here and like how reserves would work here and things like that so it's still open. Things like that so it's still open things like that so it's still open we're still thinking about it. If you have an idea to how to avoid this if you have an idea to how to avoid this. Problem problem problem i'd be like super enthusiastic about it i'd be like super enthusiastic about it. I'd be like super enthusiastic about it i've had I think three calls of i've had I think three calls of. I've had I think three calls of siddharth but we've like tried to think siddharth but we've like tried to think. Siddharth but we've like tried to think about how you could avoid doing this about how you could avoid doing this. About how you could avoid doing this and we always run into some case and we always run into some case. and we always run into some case which which which pretty much forces you to create a. Pretty much forces you to create a pretty much forces you to create a claimable balance as it stands today. Claimable balance as it stands today claimable balance as it stands today but maybe there's some other thing we. but maybe there's some other thing we but maybe there's some other thing we. Can constrain that we haven't figured can constrain that we haven't figured can constrain that we haven't figured. Out yet I'm super out yet I'm super out yet I'm super super open to ideas here lee does that answer your question more. Lee does that answer your question more or less or less or less yeah I think . yeah I think yeah I think I would like to understand what all the. I would like to understand what all the I would like to understand what all the cases are where. Cases are where cases are where the claim will balance would be required the claim will balance would be required. The claim will balance would be required I can assume I can assume I can assume. I can maybe think of one but I'm not I'm I can maybe think of one but I'm not I'm. I can maybe think of one but I'm not I'm not really sure if I certainly not really sure if I certainly. Not really sure if I certainly understand the problem so some examples of some cases where you. So some examples of some cases where you would require them would require them would require them. Just off the top of my head it's just off the top of my head it's just off the top of my head it's. Probably not going to be complete probably not going to be complete probably not going to be complete. But one case is you're in a pool share but one case is you're in a pool share but one case is you're in a pool share. And you've and you've and you've you're in a liquidity pool and you've you're in a liquidity pool and you've. you're in a liquidity pool and you've removed the trust lines for the removed the trust lines for the. Removed the trust lines for the corresponding corresponding corresponding assets so for example it's like I'm in. Assets so for example it's like I'm in assets so for example it's like I'm in an . An an a usda usdb pool a usda usdb pool a usda usdb pool but I don't have the trust time for usdb. But I don't have the trust time for usdb but I don't have the trust time for usdb. Anymore because all my usdd is in the anymore because all my usdd is in the anymore because all my usdd is in the. Pool pool pool there's no way to return the money to there's no way to return the money to. there's no way to return the money to you other than creating a claimant you other than creating a claimant. You other than creating a claimant balance balance balance another case would be if your usdb trust. Another case would be if your usdb trust another case would be if your usdb trust. Line still existed line still existed line still existed but because the pool has moved in your. But because the pool has moved in your but because the pool has moved in your favor which is kind of unlikely for. Favor which is kind of unlikely for favor which is kind of unlikely for these particular assets but whatever. These particular assets but whatever these particular assets but whatever imagine then you no longer have. Imagine then you no longer have imagine then you no longer have sufficient limit to receive the. Sufficient limit to receive the sufficient limit to receive the additional amount of usb. Additional amount of usb additional amount of usb usdb that you would have gotten they're. Usdb that you would have gotten they're usdb that you would have gotten they're all kind of variations on this problem. All kind of variations on this problem all kind of variations on this problem or it's like oh I also have some order. Or it's like oh I also have some order or it's like oh I also have some order book. Offers and their five liabilities and offers and their five liabilities and then that causes me to have insufficient. Then that causes me to have insufficient then that causes me to have insufficient. available limit to receive the available limit to receive the available limit to receive the. Balance stuff like that okay thanks i'll have to think about it okay thanks i'll have to think about it. As well there's as well there's as well there's also a bit of discussion about this on. Also a bit of discussion about this on also a bit of discussion about this on the mailing list i. The mailing list I the mailing list I it's like quite a few posts from the it's like quite a few posts from the. It's like quite a few posts from the bottom now but nikolai was bottom now but nikolai was. Bottom now but nikolai was having one of the things nikolai was having one of the things nikolai was. Having one of the things nikolai was chewing on was this notion of chewing on was this notion of. Chewing on was this notion of capping off the available balance capping off the available balance. Capping off the available balance like the available supply of an asset like the available supply of an asset . Like the available supply of an asset because right now it's actually possible. Because right now it's actually possible because right now it's actually possible. For an assets about like for an assets about like for an assets about like total supply to exceed in 64 max which. Total supply to exceed in 64 max which total supply to exceed in 64 max which is interesting. Is interesting is interesting I went and looked and there were like 30 I went and looked and there were like 30. I went and looked and there were like 30 assets all with funny names or assets all with funny names or. Assets all with funny names or largely with funny names that have this largely with funny names that have this. Largely with funny names that have this condition condition condition and so I don't think anybody serious. and so I don't think anybody serious and so I don't think anybody serious has this problem. Has this problem has this problem and if we avoided this situation it and if we avoided this situation it. And if we avoided this situation it might make a lot of other might make a lot of other. Might make a lot of other things simpler and it might avoid some things simpler and it might avoid some. Things simpler and it might avoid some cases with cases with cases with with liabilities and stuff but like. with liabilities and stuff but like with liabilities and stuff but like it's definitely not like an obvious win. It's definitely not like an obvious win it's definitely not like an obvious win there are still still some other things. There are still still some other things there are still still some other things that can happen. That can happen that can happen we probably need additional cases we probably need additional cases. We probably need additional cases additional constraints in addition to additional constraints in addition to. Additional constraints in addition to that that that but you can you can read more about that. But you can you can read more about that but you can you can read more about that. On the mailing list because I don't even on the mailing list because I don't even. On the mailing list because I don't even remember what was in that post entirely great any other questions or topics that. Great any other questions or topics that we want to go over today or should we we want to go over today or should we. We want to go over today or should we just sort of just sort of just sort of mull over what what what we've discussed. Mull over what what what we've discussed mull over what what what we've discussed. So far and bring it back to the Stellar so far and bring it back to the Stellar so far and bring it back to the Stellar. Dev mailing list cool deal so yeah everyone watching cool deal so yeah everyone watching. Thank you for joining us for this thank you for joining us for this thank you for joining us for this. Protocol discussion again the thing that protocol discussion again the thing that. Protocol discussion again the thing that we keep talking about the Stellar dev we keep talking about the Stellar dev. We keep talking about the Stellar dev mailing list there is a link in the mailing list there is a link in the. Mailing list there is a link in the event description event description event description. And it really is the place where we and it really is the place where we and it really is the place where we. Start to ha to hash this out right start to ha to hash this out right start to ha to hash this out right. Like all of these like all of these like all of these discussions are happening there there. Discussions are happening there there discussions are happening there there. Are discussions about both cap 37 and are discussions about both cap 37 and are discussions about both cap 37 and. Cap 38 cap 38 cap 38 and we definitely want to hear from and we definitely want to hear from. And we definitely want to hear from people as we start to people as we start to people as we start to. Think through these designs in order to think through these designs in order to think through these designs in order to. Come up with solutions that really meet come up with solutions that really meet come up with solutions that really meet. The needs of the ecosystem so really the needs of the ecosystem so really the needs of the ecosystem so really. Appreciate it please join the discussion appreciate it please join the discussion. Appreciate it please join the discussion thanks everyone who joined here on this thanks everyone who joined here on this. Thanks everyone who joined here on this panel panel panel and i'll see you next time.
