Hi so hello everyone today we're going hi so hello everyone today we're going to talk about project slingshot and ZJ. To talk about project slingshot and ZJ to talk about project slingshot and ZJ diem my name is Alejandra and I work at. Diem my name is Alejandra and I work at diem my name is Alejandra and I work at Stellar on this project for the some. Stellar on this project for the some Stellar on this project for the some time already so I'd like to give you an. Time already so I'd like to give you an time already so I'd like to give you an overview why we do that how we're going. Overview why we do that how we're going overview why we do that how we're going to use it and why is it interesting so. To use it and why is it interesting so to use it and why is it interesting so let's do the time check all right so the. Let's do the time check all right so the let's do the time check all right so the. Problem that we have is we know about problem that we have is we know about problem that we have is we know about. The ball change so how do we do the the ball change so how do we do the the ball change so how do we do the. Blockchain that protects the private blockchain that protects the private blockchain that protects the private. Information while being in the public information while being in the public information while being in the public. Right it's a public system that's fully right it's a public system that's fully right it's a public system that's fully. Auditable and transparent but yet we do auditable and transparent but yet we do auditable and transparent but yet we do. The private transaction in it so the private transaction in it so the private transaction in it so. Effectively we want something like effectively we want something like effectively we want something like. Ledger with TOS so there are two major ledger with TOS so there are two major ledger with TOS so there are two major. Components to it components to it components to it one is the confidentiality part so for. One is the confidentiality part so for one is the confidentiality part so for these we need some sort of encryption. These we need some sort of encryption these we need some sort of encryption for our balances and accounts and. For our balances and accounts and for our balances and accounts and amounts that we transfer and since it's. Amounts that we transfer and since it's amounts that we transfer and since it's a public system we need a public. A public system we need a public a public system we need a public verification mechanism for proving that. Verification mechanism for proving that verification mechanism for proving that the encrypted the Hylian transfers are. The encrypted the Hylian transfers are the encrypted the Hylian transfers are actually correct and respects the. Actually correct and respects the actually correct and respects the balancing equation but people when they. Balancing equation but people when they balancing equation but people when they transaction they don't create the money. Transaction they don't create the money transaction they don't create the money out of nowhere so we need some sort of. Out of nowhere so we need some sort of out of nowhere so we need some sort of zero knowledge proof in our technology. Zero knowledge proof in our technology zero knowledge proof in our technology static. Static static and the third important component is and the third important component is. And the third important component is that some customization mechanism why is that some customization mechanism why is. That some customization mechanism why is that the block chains are especially that the block chains are especially. That the block chains are especially consensus systems they the work best consensus systems they the work best. Consensus systems they the work best when they're mostly decentralized when they're mostly decentralized. When they're mostly decentralized deployed widely and as many applications deployed widely and as many applications. Deployed widely and as many applications the users run them and execute the rules. The users run them and execute the rules the users run them and execute the rules. And check the transactions and this and check the transactions and this and check the transactions and this. Means that it's very hard to upgrade the means that it's very hard to upgrade the. Means that it's very hard to upgrade the the system with new features or the system with new features or. The system with new features or improvements so we need to on one hand improvements so we need to on one hand. Improvements so we need to on one hand to make it as simple and focused as to make it as simple and focused as. To make it as simple and focused as possible so it's not buggy but at the possible so it's not buggy but at the. Possible so it's not buggy but at the same time we want to build some same time we want to build some. Same time we want to build some interesting features around the system interesting features around the system. Interesting features around the system like from smart contracts to whatever like from smart contracts to whatever. Like from smart contracts to whatever you know decentralized applications to you know decentralized applications to. You know decentralized applications to improve the security of people improve the security of people. Improve the security of people transacting in this new environment and one way is to just roll out Network wide. One way is to just roll out Network wide upgrades which is as hard as it is upgrades which is as hard as it is. Upgrades which is as hard as it is decentralized or on the other hand decentralized or on the other hand. Decentralized or on the other hand foresee some customization points so foresee some customization points so. Foresee some customization points so people can build things on top of it people can build things on top of it. People can build things on top of it without changing the underlying rules so without changing the underlying rules so. Without changing the underlying rules so this is where the VM part comes in we this is where the VM part comes in we. This is where the VM part comes in we need some sort of program ability for need some sort of program ability for. Need some sort of program ability for our system and if it's programmable it our system and if it's programmable it. Our system and if it's programmable it means that there are programs and it means that there are programs and it. Means that there are programs and it means that there is some sort of virtual means that there is some sort of virtual. Means that there is some sort of virtual machine that is going to execute those machine that is going to execute those. Machine that is going to execute those programs so this is where the DM part programs so this is where the DM part. Programs so this is where the DM part comes in now what is slingshot and how comes in now what is slingshot and how. Comes in now what is slingshot and how does it relate to the akkadian so does it relate to the akkadian so. Does it relate to the akkadian so slingshot is an umbrella term for the slingshot is an umbrella term for the. Slingshot is an umbrella term for the entire suite of libraries and protocol entire suite of libraries and protocol. Entire suite of libraries and protocol implementations that include not only implementations that include not only. Implementations that include not only the can a more interesting part the the can a more interesting part the. The can a more interesting part the transaction format the zero knowledge transaction format the zero knowledge. Transaction format the zero knowledge proof sand the programmable conditions proof sand the programmable conditions. Proof sand the programmable conditions which is the kvam but also all the which is the kvam but also all the. Which is the kvam but also all the exhibitory cryptographic libraries such exhibitory cryptographic libraries such. Exhibitory cryptographic libraries such as as as signature schemes Multi signature things. Signature schemes Multi signature things signature schemes Multi signature things. The multiple tree implementations all the multiple tree implementations all the multiple tree implementations all. The way to the entire ball chain system the way to the entire ball chain system the way to the entire ball chain system. Where the blockchain state machine is a where the blockchain state machine is a where the blockchain state machine is a. Separate protocol implementation and the separate protocol implementation and the. Separate protocol implementation and the peer-to-peer networking stack and higher. Peer-to-peer networking stack and higher peer-to-peer networking stack and higher. Order application protocols such as the order application protocols such as the order application protocols such as the. Mechanism behind accounts the protocols mechanism behind accounts the protocols mechanism behind accounts the protocols. For synchronizing well that's doing for synchronizing well that's doing for synchronizing well that's doing. Payment channel sorter books and all payment channel sorter books and all payment channel sorter books and all. These kind of things that could be built these kind of things that could be built. These kind of things that could be built on top of the on top of the core on top of the on top of the core. On top of the on top of the core blockchain system so this whole thing is blockchain system so this whole thing is. Blockchain system so this whole thing is called slingshot and it's all exists in called slingshot and it's all exists in. Called slingshot and it's all exists in in a single github repo where the in a single github repo where the. In a single github repo where the development happens now what's development happens now what's. Development happens now what's interesting about the TVM and the interesting about the TVM and the. Interesting about the TVM and the slingshot is that as a filing modular slingshot is that as a filing modular. Slingshot is that as a filing modular design why is it important this is not a design why is it important this is not a. Design why is it important this is not a single application that has a specific single application that has a specific. Single application that has a specific way of using it it's more like a way of using it it's more like a. Way of using it it's more like a collection of libraries that we can collection of libraries that we can. Collection of libraries that we can flexibly figure out how to deploy and flexibly figure out how to deploy and. Flexibly figure out how to deploy and roll out in the best manner so we can roll out in the best manner so we can. Roll out in the best manner so we can build a sidechaining or we can use it as build a sidechaining or we can use it as. Build a sidechaining or we can use it as a private ledger or we can use it as a private ledger or we can use it as. A private ledger or we can use it as both the cryptographic pieces are both the cryptographic pieces are. Both the cryptographic pieces are composable so we can attach the off composable so we can attach the off. Composable so we can attach the off chain proofs to our transactions so for chain proofs to our transactions so for. Chain proofs to our transactions so for instance we can offload some instance we can offload some. Instance we can offload some computational cost from the network by computational cost from the network by. Computational cost from the network by building some intra-party proofs about building some intra-party proofs about. Building some intra-party proofs about payments for instance some notarization payments for instance some notarization. Payments for instance some notarization or zero-knowledge or zero-knowledge or zero-knowledge. Other schemes completely outside of the other schemes completely outside of the other schemes completely outside of the. Blockchain so we don't have to load the blockchain so we don't have to load the blockchain so we don't have to load the. Internet work with this with this Internet work with this with this Internet work with this with this. Computationally heavy problem we can use computationally heavy problem we can use. Computationally heavy problem we can use the full node as a library embedded in the full node as a library embedded in. The full node as a library embedded in in the greater application that for in the greater application that for. In the greater application that for instance does some interesting indexing instance does some interesting indexing. Instance does some interesting indexing of the transactions and we can decide of the transactions and we can decide. Of the transactions and we can decide how big the now it should be how much how big the now it should be how much. How big the now it should be how much data data data should store for instance the uijik so. Should store for instance the uijik so should store for instance the uijik so state compression scheme allows us to. State compression scheme allows us to state compression scheme allows us to have very little minimal state at the. Have very little minimal state at the have very little minimal state at the cost of a little bit more bandwidth. Cost of a little bit more bandwidth cost of a little bit more bandwidth overhead and you can decide whether you. Overhead and you can decide whether you overhead and you can decide whether you just have this very compact who know. Just have this very compact who know just have this very compact who know them better than your wallet or you have. Them better than your wallet or you have them better than your wallet or you have. Way even lighter wallet or you build it way even lighter wallet or you build it way even lighter wallet or you build it. Completely standalone applications and completely standalone applications and completely standalone applications and. Running on a cluster for instance with running on a cluster for instance with running on a cluster for instance with. As much data storage as as you possibly as much data storage as as you possibly as much data storage as as you possibly. Can because you want to provide as much can because you want to provide as much can because you want to provide as much. Service to the very light applications service to the very light applications service to the very light applications. And this is why the default project is and this is why the default project is and this is why the default project is. Designed to be modular from the designed to be modular from the designed to be modular from the. Beginning now specifically the key VM is beginning now specifically the key VM is. Beginning now specifically the key VM is a transaction format that sits on top of. A transaction format that sits on top of a transaction format that sits on top of. The networking part and the consensus the networking part and the consensus the networking part and the consensus. Mechanism and on top of the KVM then you mechanism and on top of the KVM then you. Mechanism and on top of the KVM then you can build your custom application can build your custom application. Can build your custom application protocols so what does it mean to say protocols so what does it mean to say. Protocols so what does it mean to say that the helium is a transaction format that the helium is a transaction format. That the helium is a transaction format so in other words the key VM is a fancy so in other words the key VM is a fancy. So in other words the key VM is a fancy parser if you think about bitcoin or parser if you think about bitcoin or. Parser if you think about bitcoin or Stellar or Z cash the transaction format Stellar or Z cash the transaction format. Stellar or Z cash the transaction format and those protocols are is more like XML. And those protocols are is more like XML and those protocols are is more like XML. So this is some kind of hierarchical so this is some kind of hierarchical so this is some kind of hierarchical. Structure with lists of things that structure with lists of things that structure with lists of things that. Contain other things that describe contain other things that describe contain other things that describe. Declaratively the flow of assets in declaratively the flow of assets in declaratively the flow of assets in. Contrast theorem is much more contrast theorem is much more contrast theorem is much more. Programmable but the transaction format programmable but the transaction format programmable but the transaction format. Is more like a remote remote procedure is more like a remote remote procedure is more like a remote remote procedure. Call where the transaction just sends a call where the transaction just sends a call where the transaction just sends a. Message to network and then you have the message to network and then you have the. Message to network and then you have the global state with some programs loaded global state with some programs loaded. Global state with some programs loaded into that state that can be invoked and into that state that can be invoked and. Into that state that can be invoked and do some operations do some mutation into do some operations do some mutation into. Do some operations do some mutation into the state and that was actually simply the state and that was actually simply. The state and that was actually simply signed message into this global computer signed message into this global computer. Signed message into this global computer and the key mam is neither of those two and the key mam is neither of those two. And the key mam is neither of those two things it's more like a PDF so it's sort things it's more like a PDF so it's sort. Things it's more like a PDF so it's sort of a declarative format but at the same of a declarative format but at the same. Of a declarative format but at the same time it's an executable a little time it's an executable a little. Time it's an executable a little language that you run through the VM language that you run through the VM. Language that you run through the VM that is sort of like a parser that that is sort of like a parser that. That is sort of like a parser that exist the kids the commands does some exist the kids the commands does some. Exist the kids the commands does some local operations to determine what local operations to determine what. Local operations to determine what changes to the state should be made so changes to the state should be made so. Changes to the state should be made so you can explain this better this is the you can explain this better this is the. You can explain this better this is the quick overview of the data model quick overview of the data model. Quick overview of the data model indicating so you have transactions and indicating so you have transactions and. Indicating so you have transactions and transactions are objects these little transactions are objects these little. Transactions are objects these little files transfer assets from inputs and files transfer assets from inputs and. Files transfer assets from inputs and APIs and they can also issue arbitrary APIs and they can also issue arbitrary. APIs and they can also issue arbitrary assets because it's the multi-asset assets because it's the multi-asset. Assets because it's the multi-asset environment right just like Stellar so environment right just like Stellar so. Environment right just like Stellar so this is how the esse flows from inputs this is how the esse flows from inputs. This is how the esse flows from inputs to outputs and the outputs are actually to outputs and the outputs are actually. To outputs and the outputs are actually the objects that we call contracts they the objects that we call contracts they. The objects that we call contracts they have a predicate that can all locks some have a predicate that can all locks some. Have a predicate that can all locks some content inside the contract and provides. Content inside the contract and provides content inside the contract and provides. Conditions to unlock the contents and conditions to unlock the contents and conditions to unlock the contents and. The contents are called the PD load and the contents are called the PD load and the contents are called the PD load and. It's actually a list of things and those it's actually a list of things and those. It's actually a list of things and those things could be either values that are things could be either values that are. Things could be either values that are local linear types the things that you local linear types the things that you. Local linear types the things that you can move around but cannot duplicate can move around but cannot duplicate. Can move around but cannot duplicate which are the assets themselves or some which are the assets themselves or some. Which are the assets themselves or some data parameters so your contract is this data parameters so your contract is this. Data parameters so your contract is this collection of values and data that can collection of values and data that can. Collection of values and data that can be locked into this container by a be locked into this container by a. Be locked into this container by a predicate and the simplest way to think predicate and the simplest way to think. Predicate and the simplest way to think about the predicate is the public key about the predicate is the public key. About the predicate is the public key right so you say whoever owns the right so you say whoever owns the. Right so you say whoever owns the corresponding private key can unlock the corresponding private key can unlock the. Corresponding private key can unlock the values and then decide what to do with values and then decide what to do with. Values and then decide what to do with them and your unlock by showing the them and your unlock by showing the. Them and your unlock by showing the signature on a transaction so you have a signature on a transaction so you have a. Signature on a transaction so you have a transaction that says I want to spend transaction that says I want to spend. Transaction that says I want to spend this value and such-and-such way you this value and such-and-such way you. This value and such-and-such way you have to provide a signature that have to provide a signature that. Have to provide a signature that authorizes you to unlock that contract authorizes you to unlock that contract. Authorizes you to unlock that contract or the predicate could be a little sub or the predicate could be a little sub. Or the predicate could be a little sub program so you have to run the program program so you have to run the program. Program so you have to run the program meaning that the VM will run the program meaning that the VM will run the program. Meaning that the VM will run the program and check additional conditions that are. And check additional conditions that are and check additional conditions that are. Described by the program before deciding described by the program before deciding. Described by the program before deciding to unlock the the values and you can to unlock the the values and you can. To unlock the the values and you can combine both of them with the scheme combine both of them with the scheme. Combine both of them with the scheme called a taproot it's a like Merkle tree called a taproot it's a like Merkle tree. Called a taproot it's a like Merkle tree of programs and public key is so you of programs and public key is so you. Of programs and public key is so you have the flexibility to decide things have the flexibility to decide things. Have the flexibility to decide things like you can either like you can either like you can either. Have multiple parties signed together have multiple parties signed together have multiple parties signed together. The contract or they could choose the contract or they could choose the contract or they could choose. Individually whatever branch they want individually whatever branch they want individually whatever branch they want. To execute so this gives you a lot of to execute so this gives you a lot of to execute so this gives you a lot of. Flexibility in terms of pre-programming flexibility in terms of pre-programming flexibility in terms of pre-programming. Different conditions that unlock stadium different conditions that unlock stadium. Different conditions that unlock stadium and the mining and it's a little bit and the mining and it's a little bit. And the mining and it's a little bit even more flexible because you can not even more flexible because you can not. Even more flexible because you can not only pre-program some conditions or only pre-program some conditions or. Only pre-program some conditions or provide a signature which was action but provide a signature which was action but. Provide a signature which was action but you can also provide a signature over in. You can also provide a signature over in you can also provide a signature over in. New conditions so you can decide some new conditions so you can decide some new conditions so you can decide some. Program later and then sign it and then program later and then sign it and then program later and then sign it and then. That program will be executed so this that program will be executed so this that program will be executed so this. Gives you infinite ability to do some gives you infinite ability to do some gives you infinite ability to do some. Interesting multi-state schemes while interesting multi-state schemes while interesting multi-state schemes while. Having pretty simple design so how does having pretty simple design so how does having pretty simple design so how does. This all work inside the VM again this all work inside the VM again this all work inside the VM again. Transaction is just a program like I transaction is just a program like I transaction is just a program like I. Said like a PDF file so in our case it's said like a PDF file so in our case it's. Said like a PDF file so in our case it's has a little just a little bit of has a little just a little bit of. Has a little just a little bit of metadata it's a program that also has a metadata it's a program that also has a. Metadata it's a program that also has a zero knowledge proof and we will show in zero knowledge proof and we will show in. Zero knowledge proof and we will show in a second how this proof applies so what a second how this proof applies so what. A second how this proof applies so what happens when you want to verify a happens when you want to verify a. Happens when you want to verify a transaction you instantiate a VM and by transaction you instantiate a VM and by. Transaction you instantiate a VM and by you I mean the Denelle that verifies the you I mean the Denelle that verifies the. You I mean the Denelle that verifies the transaction it instant Chase the VM that. Transaction it instant Chase the VM that transaction it instant Chase the VM that. Is completely ephemeral it means that is completely ephemeral it means that is completely ephemeral it means that. It's not some sort of globally running it's not some sort of globally running it's not some sort of globally running. VM like like a dr. container a kind of VM like like a dr. container a kind of VM like like a dr. container a kind of. Thing it's it's like an instance of a thing it's it's like an instance of a thing it's it's like an instance of a. Parser for this specific transaction so parser for this specific transaction so parser for this specific transaction so. It's very lightweight you create it just it's very lightweight you create it just. It's very lightweight you create it just for a single transaction you load the for a single transaction you load the. For a single transaction you load the transaction into this VM and it works as transaction into this VM and it works as. Transaction into this VM and it works as a simple stack machine so it has a a simple stack machine so it has a. A simple stack machine so it has a simple stack it's not your incomplete so simple stack it's not your incomplete so. Simple stack it's not your incomplete so it has a predictable performance and the. It has a predictable performance and the it has a predictable performance and the. Goal of the VM is not only to provide goal of the VM is not only to provide goal of the VM is not only to provide. You with ability to customize a you with ability to customize a you with ability to customize a. Conditions but it also enforces the conditions but it also enforces the conditions but it also enforces the. Network rules so the operations that network rules so the operations that network rules so the operations that. Excuse they are also checking that you excuse they are also checking that you excuse they are also checking that you. Don't duplicate money that you respect don't duplicate money that you respect don't duplicate money that you respect. The rules of the network and don't break the rules of the network and don't break. The rules of the network and don't break that so what the in des it runs the that so what the in des it runs the. That so what the in des it runs the program program program and the n as the program is running it's. And the n as the program is running it's and the n as the program is running it's. Compiling on the fly thing that we call compiling on the fly thing that we call compiling on the fly thing that we call. A constraint system which will be used a constraint system which will be used a constraint system which will be used. For the zero knowledge proof so the for the zero knowledge proof so the for the zero knowledge proof so the. Constraint system is effectively just a constraint system is effectively just a constraint system is effectively just a. List of linear and multiplicative list of linear and multiplicative list of linear and multiplicative. Equations that check that for instance equations that check that for instance equations that check that for instance. The sum amount should because some other the sum amount should because some other. The sum amount should because some other amount or should be subject to certain amount or should be subject to certain. Amount or should be subject to certain formula but the cool part is that this formula but the cool part is that this. Formula but the cool part is that this constraint system works in zero constraint system works in zero. Constraint system works in zero knowledge meaning that those numbers in knowledge meaning that those numbers in. Knowledge meaning that those numbers in the formulas that you are manipulating the formulas that you are manipulating. The formulas that you are manipulating they are all can be encrypted and so they are all can be encrypted and so. They are all can be encrypted and so your program can manipulate this your program can manipulate this. Your program can manipulate this encrypted values and and require that encrypted values and and require that. Encrypted values and and require that they conform to certain formula and as a they conform to certain formula and as a. They conform to certain formula and as a result of execution of the program you result of execution of the program you. Result of execution of the program you will have this sort of a matrix of will have this sort of a matrix of. Will have this sort of a matrix of constraints that builds this constraint constraints that builds this constraint. Constraints that builds this constraint system and after the program finished system and after the program finished. System and after the program finished executing then the verifier runs the executing then the verifier runs the. Executing then the verifier runs the serial logical flow VM checks the proof serial logical flow VM checks the proof. Serial logical flow VM checks the proof is correct for this constraint system is correct for this constraint system. Is correct for this constraint system which proves that whoever knew this which proves that whoever knew this. Which proves that whoever knew this secret keys that encrypted those amounts secret keys that encrypted those amounts. Secret keys that encrypted those amounts correctly combined them so if there was correctly combined them so if there was. Correctly combined them so if there was a smart contract saying that a couple of a smart contract saying that a couple of. A smart contract saying that a couple of values must correspond to a certain values must correspond to a certain. Values must correspond to a certain formula then this these values being formula then this these values being. Formula then this these values being secret they're still correctly secret they're still correctly. Secret they're still correctly constrained by by the formula so this is constrained by by the formula so this is. Constrained by by the formula so this is the job of the zero knowledge proof and the job of the zero knowledge proof and. The job of the zero knowledge proof and the VM does that in the end of the the VM does that in the end of the. The VM does that in the end of the program execution and finally all the program execution and finally all the. Program execution and finally all the facts in the VM are fully local there facts in the VM are fully local there. Facts in the VM are fully local there don't affect the global state so it don't affect the global state so it. Don't affect the global state so it allows you to evaluate all the allows you to evaluate all the. Allows you to evaluate all the transactions independently from each transactions independently from each. Transactions independently from each other and verify in parallel so how do other and verify in parallel so how do. Other and verify in parallel so how do we even do the effects so all these we even do the effects so all these. We even do the effects so all these inputs and outputs are actually recorded inputs and outputs are actually recorded. Inputs and outputs are actually recorded in the transaction log which is simply a. In the transaction log which is simply a in the transaction log which is simply a. List of effects that should be applied list of effects that should be applied list of effects that should be applied. To the blockchain state and once we've to the blockchain state and once we've to the blockchain state and once we've. Run the program and verified this your run the program and verified this your run the program and verified this your. Knowledge constraints then we simply knowledge constraints then we simply knowledge constraints then we simply. Take this log this list of effects take this log this list of effects take this log this list of effects. That are effectively saying that you that are effectively saying that you that are effectively saying that you. Have to erase certain inputs and create have to erase certain inputs and create have to erase certain inputs and create. Certain outputs and then we apply them certain outputs and then we apply them certain outputs and then we apply them. To the bot fisty and this is very to the bot fisty and this is very to the bot fisty and this is very. Lightweight operation that can not only lightweight operation that can not only lightweight operation that can not only. Fail if you're trying to double span the fail if you're trying to double span the. Fail if you're trying to double span the same output twice and two different same output twice and two different. Same output twice and two different transactions and if it happens that the transactions and if it happens that the. Transactions and if it happens that the second transaction tries to suspend the second transaction tries to suspend the. Second transaction tries to suspend the same input then it will fail in the very same input then it will fail in the very. Same input then it will fail in the very end at that application stage but this end at that application stage but this. End at that application stage but this is the the only stateful operation and is the the only stateful operation and. Is the the only stateful operation and the system now how do you instructions the system now how do you instructions. The system now how do you instructions look like think of this as a Stellar look like think of this as a Stellar. Look like think of this as a Stellar operations in Stellar transactions you operations in Stellar transactions you. Operations in Stellar transactions you have realities of operations that you have realities of operations that you. Have realities of operations that you could do but they are more like a list could do but they are more like a list. Could do but they are more like a list of things that are not really working of things that are not really working. Of things that are not really working with each other they just enumerate what with each other they just enumerate what. With each other they just enumerate what you want to do in a transaction for you want to do in a transaction for. You want to do in a transaction for instance to send money from here to instance to send money from here to. Instance to send money from here to there or open offer or create an account there or open offer or create an account. There or open offer or create an account things like that so in a similar Berean things like that so in a similar Berean. Things like that so in a similar Berean the key VM has instructions that are the key VM has instructions that are. The key VM has instructions that are high level well-liked constellar they high level well-liked constellar they. High level well-liked constellar they did their high level operations they did their high level operations they. Did their high level operations they don't they are not like assembly one don't they are not like assembly one. Don't they are not like assembly one assembler language low level operations assembler language low level operations. Assembler language low level operations that just manipulate bits they that just manipulate bits they. That just manipulate bits they manipulate values they manipulate manipulate values they manipulate. Manipulate values they manipulate contracts the high-level concepts but contracts the high-level concepts but. Contracts the high-level concepts but they are all composable with each other they are all composable with each other. They are all composable with each other so for instance you can instantiate a so for instance you can instantiate a. So for instance you can instantiate a contract and then open it up and then contract and then open it up and then. Contract and then open it up and then take the values out of it move them take the values out of it move them. Take the values out of it move them around maybe mix and merge them together around maybe mix and merge them together. Around maybe mix and merge them together there and then lock them in a new there and then lock them in a new. There and then lock them in a new contract and this sequence of operations contract and this sequence of operations. Contract and this sequence of operations will be not just the list of them but will be not just the list of them but. Will be not just the list of them but actually manipulating those values on actually manipulating those values on. Actually manipulating those values on the stack behind the scenes so here's an the stack behind the scenes so here's an. The stack behind the scenes so here's an example let's say you want to make a example let's say you want to make a. Example let's say you want to make a custom constraint to do something about custom constraint to do something about. Custom constraint to do something about it it it so you start with pushing some numerical. So you start with pushing some numerical so you start with pushing some numerical. Value on the stack instantiate a value on the stack instantiate a value on the stack instantiate a. Variable out of it that creates the variable out of it that creates the variable out of it that creates the. Variable inside the constraint system variable inside the constraint system variable inside the constraint system. Then you combine different arithmetic then you combine different arithmetic then you combine different arithmetic. Operations on it that as a side effect operations on it that as a side effect operations on it that as a side effect. Create those constraints and without create those constraints and without create those constraints and without. Actually computing actually computing actually computing because the value could could be. Because the value could could be because the value could could be encrypted and you finished those. Encrypted and you finished those encrypted and you finished those constraints by saying verify meaning. Constraints by saying verify meaning constraints by saying verify meaning that you can pull the whole constraint. That you can pull the whole constraint that you can pull the whole constraint it you want to record it into the. It you want to record it into the it you want to record it into the constraint system so it will be checked. Constraint system so it will be checked constraint system so it will be checked later then you can so it looks something. Later then you can so it looks something later then you can so it looks something. Like this so you have a formula and you like this so you have a formula and you like this so you have a formula and you. Do this kind of stack machine as syntax do this kind of stack machine as syntax do this kind of stack machine as syntax. For multiplying adding checking equality for multiplying adding checking equality. For multiplying adding checking equality and verifying and then once you have and verifying and then once you have. And verifying and then once you have this variable all verified you can this variable all verified you can. This variable all verified you can create overboard value and output in a create overboard value and output in a. Create overboard value and output in a certain place so you say okay this this certain place so you say okay this this. Certain place so you say okay this this value is correct so I am making a value is correct so I am making a. Value is correct so I am making a payment with it and boiler instruction payment with it and boiler instruction. Payment with it and boiler instruction is kind of cool because it's a zero is kind of cool because it's a zero. Is kind of cool because it's a zero interest rates boring just within the interest rates boring just within the. Interest rates boring just within the life of the VM it gives you to balance life of the VM it gives you to balance. Life of the VM it gives you to balance the negative and positive 1 and negative the negative and positive 1 and negative. The negative and positive 1 and negative has to be mixed it with the proper has to be mixed it with the proper. Has to be mixed it with the proper payment coming from somewhere else payment coming from somewhere else. Payment coming from somewhere else using this zero knowledge mix using this zero knowledge mix. Using this zero knowledge mix instruction that we call cloak it's instruction that we call cloak it's. Instruction that we call cloak it's implements it's a whole clock protocol implements it's a whole clock protocol. Implements it's a whole clock protocol that allows you to mix M inputs into n that allows you to mix M inputs into n. That allows you to mix M inputs into n outputs preserving the assets but in outputs preserving the assets but in. Outputs preserving the assets but in complete zero knowledge so you don't complete zero knowledge so you don't. Complete zero knowledge so you don't know where the asset flows within the know where the asset flows within the. Know where the asset flows within the boundaries of transaction so these boundaries of transaction so these. Boundaries of transaction so these instructions gonna show you how you can instructions gonna show you how you can. Instructions gonna show you how you can combine the value of flow with custom combine the value of flow with custom. Combine the value of flow with custom conditions and the important part is conditions and the important part is. Conditions and the important part is that this is all imperative meaning that that this is all imperative meaning that. That this is all imperative meaning that all the contracts they do not have kind all the contracts they do not have kind. All the contracts they do not have kind of declarative conditions but they of declarative conditions but they. Of declarative conditions but they incredibly do things that they want to incredibly do things that they want to. Incredibly do things that they want to be done with linear types that cannot be be done with linear types that cannot be. Be done with linear types that cannot be simply dropped or created out of nowhere. Simply dropped or created out of nowhere simply dropped or created out of nowhere. Or duplicated so entire clasts of or duplicated so entire clasts of or duplicated so entire clasts of. Security vulnerabilities are eliminated security vulnerabilities are eliminated security vulnerabilities are eliminated. Versus the access control lists always versus the access control lists always versus the access control lists always. Have this problem where you have hard have this problem where you have hard have this problem where you have hard. Time combining the different clock rolls time combining the different clock rolls. Time combining the different clock rolls together here it's very imperative and together here it's very imperative and. Together here it's very imperative and Lear types help greatly by just Lear types help greatly by just. Lear types help greatly by just literally moving the valley where it literally moving the valley where it. Literally moving the valley where it needs to be moved and then make sure needs to be moved and then make sure. Needs to be moved and then make sure that you don't you don't break the rules that you don't you don't break the rules. That you don't you don't break the rules along the way so this is very powerful along the way so this is very powerful. Along the way so this is very powerful but at the same time very safe system but at the same time very safe system. But at the same time very safe system so I'll say a couple of words about so I'll say a couple of words about. So I'll say a couple of words about cryptography so can make it all work cryptography so can make it all work. Cryptography so can make it all work it's important to have on one hand fancy it's important to have on one hand fancy. It's important to have on one hand fancy cryptography but at the same time pretty. Cryptography but at the same time pretty cryptography but at the same time pretty. Conservative one so we have this stack conservative one so we have this stack conservative one so we have this stack. Of the high-performance curve to 5519 of the high-performance curve to 5519 of the high-performance curve to 5519. Implementation on top of which we have implementation on top of which we have implementation on top of which we have. The safe cryptographic group the which the safe cryptographic group the which the safe cryptographic group the which. Would build a bulletproof system and would build a bulletproof system and would build a bulletproof system and. That allows us to do this custom that allows us to do this custom that allows us to do this custom. Constraints and we use the blue person constraints and we use the blue person constraints and we use the blue person. Two ways in one way it's a cloud product two ways in one way it's a cloud product. Two ways in one way it's a cloud product call that enforces the network rules call that enforces the network rules. Call that enforces the network rules that mean that you cannot duplicate that mean that you cannot duplicate. That mean that you cannot duplicate money and at the same time it allows you money and at the same time it allows you. Money and at the same time it allows you to do on-the-fly custom constraints and to do on-the-fly custom constraints and. To do on-the-fly custom constraints and this is cool because many other 0no this is cool because many other 0no. This is cool because many other 0no systems like Z cash they do not allow systems like Z cash they do not allow. Systems like Z cash they do not allow you to do on-the-fly conditions instead you to do on-the-fly conditions instead. You to do on-the-fly conditions instead they use a very complicated trusted they use a very complicated trusted. They use a very complicated trusted setup where several priorities must setup where several priorities must. Setup where several priorities must decide the rules and compute some crunch decide the rules and compute some crunch. Decide the rules and compute some crunch numbers in order to compose a single numbers in order to compose a single. Numbers in order to compose a single solid constraint system that will be solid constraint system that will be. Solid constraint system that will be used for all the purposes of the network used for all the purposes of the network. Used for all the purposes of the network for for one time and bulletproof allows for for one time and bulletproof allows. For for one time and bulletproof allows us to avoid this trusted set up and us to avoid this trusted set up and. Us to avoid this trusted set up and instead build the constraints on the fly instead build the constraints on the fly. Instead build the constraints on the fly every time the transaction is running every time the transaction is running. Every time the transaction is running because this is so fast and lightweight because this is so fast and lightweight. Because this is so fast and lightweight and finally if you provide the interface and finally if you provide the interface. And finally if you provide the interface to all of that we have these easy KVM to all of that we have these easy KVM. To all of that we have these easy KVM instructions and then on top with you instructions and then on top with you. Instructions and then on top with you using these instructions this is where using these instructions this is where. Using these instructions this is where you build your applications and this you build your applications and this. You build your applications and this whole stack that we have is written in whole stack that we have is written in. Whole stack that we have is written in POS so everything is very neatly POS so everything is very neatly. POS so everything is very neatly compiled and one compiled and one compiled and one. First of all hassles in an API is in first of all hassles in an API is in first of all hassles in an API is in. Between two layers and then it's between two layers and then it's between two layers and then it's. Compiled without any overhead in a in a compiled without any overhead in a in a compiled without any overhead in a in a. While finally efficient binary just like while finally efficient binary just like. While finally efficient binary just like you would have with C++ for instance so you would have with C++ for instance so. You would have with C++ for instance so another cool thing is that the DMA another cool thing is that the DMA. Another cool thing is that the DMA operations in the KDM are designed to be operations in the KDM are designed to be. Operations in the KDM are designed to be either cheap or expensive which is funny. Either cheap or expensive which is funny either cheap or expensive which is funny. But the point here is that the chip but the point here is that the chip but the point here is that the chip. Operations are very cheap it's really operations are very cheap it's really operations are very cheap it's really. Like a parser and all expensive like a parser and all expensive like a parser and all expensive. Operations are completely uniform operations are completely uniform operations are completely uniform. A scalar point multiplications in this a scalar point multiplications in this a scalar point multiplications in this. Cryptographic group and this means that cryptographic group and this means that cryptographic group and this means that. They can all be deferred and done in a they can all be deferred and done in a they can all be deferred and done in a. Batch which makes them much faster so batch which makes them much faster so batch which makes them much faster so. Effectively what you have is you have a effectively what you have is you have a effectively what you have is you have a. Very quick run of the program then you very quick run of the program then you very quick run of the program then you. Have a bunch of things to compute in a have a bunch of things to compute in a have a bunch of things to compute in a. Cryptographic group that you can batch cryptographic group that you can batch cryptographic group that you can batch. Together and do very efficiently later together and do very efficiently later together and do very efficiently later. You can even imagine doing that and in you can even imagine doing that and in you can even imagine doing that and in. GPU if you have to verify a lot of GPU if you have to verify a lot of GPU if you have to verify a lot of. Transactions and then you have an answer transactions and then you have an answer. Transactions and then you have an answer where the transaction is valid enough so. Where the transaction is valid enough so where the transaction is valid enough so. This gives us very low educational this gives us very low educational this gives us very low educational. Agency for the features that we have agency for the features that we have agency for the features that we have. It's less than one millisecond per it's less than one millisecond per it's less than one millisecond per. Output so effectively like lesson no output so effectively like lesson no output so effectively like lesson no. Second for payment or more like Costas second for payment or more like Costas second for payment or more like Costas. Begins maybe like two milliseconds per begins maybe like two milliseconds per begins maybe like two milliseconds per. Payment because payment Nelson always payment because payment Nelson always payment because payment Nelson always. Have them change out but and we use all have them change out but and we use all have them change out but and we use all. Opportunities to prove performance that opportunities to prove performance that opportunities to prove performance that. We can so if you have multiple we can so if you have multiple we can so if you have multiple. Signatures they all can be aggregated signatures they all can be aggregated signatures they all can be aggregated. And then batch verified and transaction and then batch verified and transaction and then batch verified and transaction. Size is pretty distant so it's like one size is pretty distant so it's like one size is pretty distant so it's like one. 1/2 to 2 kilobytes and this growth slow 1/2 to 2 kilobytes and this growth slow 1/2 to 2 kilobytes and this growth slow. Very quickly so if multiple parties join very quickly so if multiple parties join. Very quickly so if multiple parties join together they greatly optimize the total. Together they greatly optimize the total together they greatly optimize the total. Cost of the network and so a couple of cost of the network and so a couple of cost of the network and so a couple of. Examples to how you can build something examples to how you can build something examples to how you can build something. With with this so one is the basic with with this so one is the basic with with this so one is the basic. Payments so the cool part is things like payments so the cool part is things like. Payments so the cool part is things like accounts and balances they are all off accounts and balances they are all off. Accounts and balances they are all off chain concepts as to the the basic chain concepts as to the the basic. Chain concepts as to the the basic network on the season it's an APIs and network on the season it's an APIs and. Network on the season it's an APIs and all the interesting kind of data all the interesting kind of data. All the interesting kind of data wrangling it happens I've seen that wrangling it happens I've seen that. Wrangling it happens I've seen that provide security for the people involved provide security for the people involved. Provide security for the people involved in for the party stress of acting and in for the party stress of acting and. In for the party stress of acting and greatly improved performance because greatly improved performance because. Greatly improved performance because there is a lot of can a complicated there is a lot of can a complicated. There is a lot of can a complicated decision making is completely taken out decision making is completely taken out. Decision making is completely taken out of the out of the consensus critter of the out of the consensus critter. Of the out of the consensus critter parts and placed inside their parts and placed inside their. Parts and placed inside their application this also allows you to application this also allows you to. Application this also allows you to innovate faster because you can do innovate faster because you can do. Innovate faster because you can do different protocols and try different different protocols and try different. Different protocols and try different versions of like payment channels or be versions of like payment channels or be. Versions of like payment channels or be famous protocols famous protocols famous protocols. Completely outside of the can a completely outside of the can a completely outside of the can a. Consensus critical part so you don't you consensus critical part so you don't you. Consensus critical part so you don't you have to only upgrade the knows that care. Have to only upgrade the knows that care have to only upgrade the knows that care. About this feature and not the entire about this feature and not the entire about this feature and not the entire. Network so the order book is an network so the order book is an network so the order book is an. Interesting example of smart contract so interesting example of smart contract so. Interesting example of smart contract so it's simply a contract that allows you it's simply a contract that allows you. It's simply a contract that allows you to unlock the value being offered for a to unlock the value being offered for a. To unlock the value being offered for a price so this is where you use the price so this is where you use the. Price so this is where you use the predicate I can pack several conditions predicate I can pack several conditions. Predicate I can pack several conditions inside the predicate and the cool thing inside the predicate and the cool thing. Inside the predicate and the cool thing about the zero knowledge is that you can about the zero knowledge is that you can. About the zero knowledge is that you can do this both and public so it's like do this both and public so it's like. Do this both and public so it's like Stellar like completely public offer and Stellar like completely public offer and. Stellar like completely public offer and there's no nothing secret going on but there's no nothing secret going on but. There's no nothing secret going on but you can still do this kind of semi you can still do this kind of semi. You can still do this kind of semi public so if you have a pool that wants public so if you have a pool that wants. Public so if you have a pool that wants to be kind forced on the network and be to be kind forced on the network and be. To be kind forced on the network and be auditable by authorized parties but you auditable by authorized parties but you. Auditable by authorized parties but you don't want to do publicize exact prices don't want to do publicize exact prices. Don't want to do publicize exact prices and exact assets that are being offered and exact assets that are being offered. And exact assets that are being offered then you can also do that as well then you can also do that as well. Then you can also do that as well because all these formulas work on the because all these formulas work on the. Because all these formulas work on the encrypted values as well and you can encrypted values as well and you can. Encrypted values as well and you can notice that this contract allows you to notice that this contract allows you to. Notice that this contract allows you to do imperative description of the do imperative description of the. Do imperative description of the conditions that you want to do so you conditions that you want to do so you. Conditions that you want to do so you check that certain quantity and the check that certain quantity and the. Check that certain quantity and the price is moved to certain address and price is moved to certain address and. Price is moved to certain address and then you unlock the asset that you have then you unlock the asset that you have. Then you unlock the asset that you have you never I have to do this in a passive you never I have to do this in a passive. You never I have to do this in a passive checks that whatever is provided or checks that whatever is provided or. Checks that whatever is provided or whatever like feature on that whatever like feature on that. Whatever like feature on that transaction object is set or some flag transaction object is set or some flag. Transaction object is set or some flag the set versus in Bitcoin there is very the set versus in Bitcoin there is very. The set versus in Bitcoin there is very complicated kind of hashing flags so complicated kind of hashing flags so. Complicated kind of hashing flags so there's none of those things you can there's none of those things you can. There's none of those things you can empirically just do the things that I empirically just do the things that I. Empirically just do the things that I have to happen and then if there are have to happen and then if there are. Have to happen and then if there are some kind of negative amounts left on some kind of negative amounts left on. Some kind of negative amounts left on the stack in DBM then the user has to the stack in DBM then the user has to. The stack in DBM then the user has to provide appropriate amount of payment to provide appropriate amount of payment to. Provide appropriate amount of payment to cover them and finally payment channels cover them and finally payment channels. Cover them and finally payment channels is a nice example that shows you how to is a nice example that shows you how to. Is a nice example that shows you how to do complicated state machines in this do complicated state machines in this. Do complicated state machines in this model where you don't have global model where you don't have global. Model where you don't have global programmable states like in Assyrian programmable states like in Assyrian. Programmable states like in Assyrian supima channel natural is a state supima channel natural is a state. Supima channel natural is a state machine between two parties that can do machine between two parties that can do. Machine between two parties that can do payments without settling them on the payments without settling them on the. Payments without settling them on the network and the only thing that Network network and the only thing that Network. Network and the only thing that Network sees is that the initially deposit some sees is that the initially deposit some. Sees is that the initially deposit some money in that they closed the channel at money in that they closed the channel at. Money in that they closed the channel at some point later but all the some point later but all the. Some point later but all the intermediate movements of the money are intermediate movements of the money are. Intermediate movements of the money are not visible but still they have to not visible but still they have to. Not visible but still they have to provide some assurances to the to the provide some assurances to the to the. Provide some assurances to the to the parties involved so how does it work if parties involved so how does it work if. Parties involved so how does it work if the one party becomes unresponsive then the one party becomes unresponsive then. The one party becomes unresponsive then the latest signed agreement could be the latest signed agreement could be. The latest signed agreement could be used as a way to exit the channel and used as a way to exit the channel and. Used as a way to exit the channel and settle by another party unilaterally so settle by another party unilaterally so. Settle by another party unilaterally so this state machine is implemented on top this state machine is implemented on top. This state machine is implemented on top of transactions so the states are of transactions so the states are. Of transactions so the states are embedded in those contracts and embedded in those contracts and. Embedded in those contracts and transitions are the transaction objects transitions are the transaction objects. Transitions are the transaction objects in themselves which is pretty natural in themselves which is pretty natural. In themselves which is pretty natural it's just the intermediate assigned it's just the intermediate assigned. It's just the intermediate assigned transactions they are not published transactions they are not published. Transactions they are not published until you want to exit the channel so until you want to exit the channel so. Until you want to exit the channel so this is how it looks in this model of this is how it looks in this model of. This is how it looks in this model of inputs and outputs and transactions inputs and outputs and transactions. Inputs and outputs and transactions finally to kind of wrap it up a little finally to kind of wrap it up a little. Finally to kind of wrap it up a little compressor with all the designs and then compressor with all the designs and then. Compressor with all the designs and then we can proceed to the questions so it's we can proceed to the questions so it's. We can proceed to the questions so it's kind of like a setting for discussion kind of like a setting for discussion. Kind of like a setting for discussion leader so if you compare the design of leader so if you compare the design of. Leader so if you compare the design of the KTM it's always very different but the KTM it's always very different but. The KTM it's always very different but is founded on similar principles so it's is founded on similar principles so it's. Is founded on similar principles so it's multi-asset environment for modern multi-asset environment for modern. Multi-asset environment for modern financial protocols and the specific financial protocols and the specific. Financial protocols and the specific difference is that the data and asset difference is that the data and asset. Difference is that the data and asset values are confidential encrypted by values are confidential encrypted by. Values are confidential encrypted by default you can of course make them default you can of course make them. Default you can of course make them public if you if you want to do any sort public if you if you want to do any sort. Public if you if you want to do any sort of conditional or conditional disclosure. Of conditional or conditional disclosure of conditional or conditional disclosure. Schemes if you if you need some audit schemes if you if you need some audit schemes if you if you need some audit. The concept of accounts is completely the concept of accounts is completely the concept of accounts is completely. Off chain and the verification of off chain and the verification of off chain and the verification of. Transaction is largely stateless and transaction is largely stateless and transaction is largely stateless and. Your mechanism for customization is this your mechanism for customization is this. Your mechanism for customization is this composable instructions instead of just composable instructions instead of just. Composable instructions instead of just enumeration of kind of thicker higher enumeration of kind of thicker higher. Enumeration of kind of thicker higher level operations and another important level operations and another important. Level operations and another important difference is that the order book logic difference is that the order book logic. Difference is that the order book logic installer is built in and has some kind installer is built in and has some kind. Installer is built in and has some kind of stateful conditions that will allow of stateful conditions that will allow. Of stateful conditions that will allow were more interesting kind of were more interesting kind of. Were more interesting kind of multi-party map price assurances in the multi-party map price assurances in the. Multi-party map price assurances in the KVM there is no such build the open KVM there is no such build the open. KVM there is no such build the open concept you can build all sorts of order concept you can build all sorts of order. Concept you can build all sorts of order books on top of the system yourself books on top of the system yourself. Books on top of the system yourself depending on like how complicated he depending on like how complicated he. Depending on like how complicated he wanted to do to be compared to the wanted to do to be compared to the. Wanted to do to be compared to the Syrian atrium is is also a design for Syrian atrium is is also a design for. Syrian atrium is is also a design for the customization and smart con metrics the customization and smart con metrics. The customization and smart con metrics but the model is quite different the but the model is quite different the. But the model is quite different the etherium is sort of like a global state etherium is sort of like a global state. Etherium is sort of like a global state machine with a lot of code and like machine with a lot of code and like. Machine with a lot of code and like libraries of code that can call each libraries of code that can call each. Libraries of code that can call each other and do a lot of stateful changes other and do a lot of stateful changes. Other and do a lot of stateful changes in the KVM all the changes are isolated in the KVM all the changes are isolated. In the KVM all the changes are isolated and limited to this creation and and limited to this creation and. And limited to this creation and deletion of the outputs and another deletion of the outputs and another. Deletion of the outputs and another important part is that the KVM is not important part is that the KVM is not. Important part is that the KVM is not cheering complete by design so it really cheering complete by design so it really. Cheering complete by design so it really acts more like a parser and allows just acts more like a parser and allows just. Acts more like a parser and allows just as little composition between the as little composition between the. As little composition between the instructions in data as necessary to instructions in data as necessary to. Instructions in data as necessary to create ease for financial operations but create ease for financial operations but. Create ease for financial operations but not to just program whatever and the not to just program whatever and the. Not to just program whatever and the assets are first-class types that you assets are first-class types that you. Assets are first-class types that you can move directly around instead of can move directly around instead of. Can move directly around instead of being some entries and a miniature bank being some entries and a miniature bank. Being some entries and a miniature bank that you have to program inside your that you have to program inside your. That you have to program inside your program inside the serial so this makes program inside the serial so this makes. Program inside the serial so this makes the whole design much much more easy to the whole design much much more easy to. The whole design much much more easy to reason about because you don't have to reason about because you don't have to. Reason about because you don't have to win vent a little ledger inside the win vent a little ledger inside the. Win vent a little ledger inside the ledger every time you want to create a ledger every time you want to create a. Ledger every time you want to create a new asset and finally education Manero new asset and finally education Manero. New asset and finally education Manero they they're heavily focused on the they they're heavily focused on the. They they're heavily focused on the privacy and they provide some cool non privacy and they provide some cool non. Privacy and they provide some cool non interactive obfuscation of the interactive obfuscation of the. Interactive obfuscation of the transaction graph which the key DM does transaction graph which the key DM does. Transaction graph which the key DM does not provide but you can still do this not provide but you can still do this. Not provide but you can still do this with teams like pointer and so when with teams like pointer and so when. With teams like pointer and so when multiple people join multiple inputs to multiple people join multiple inputs to. Multiple people join multiple inputs to one transaction then they can sort of one transaction then they can sort of. One transaction then they can sort of mix them but Cillian provides you with mix them but Cillian provides you with. Mix them but Cillian provides you with the ability to have customization in the ability to have customization in. The ability to have customization in contracts where easy cash Tamara doesn't contracts where easy cash Tamara doesn't. Contracts where easy cash Tamara doesn't have any and still even have the have any and still even have the. Have any and still even have the confidential computation within those confidential computation within those. Confidential computation within those contracts and finally the occasional contracts and finally the occasional. Contracts and finally the occasional manera have single assets and to kvms manera have single assets and to kvms. Manera have single assets and to kvms design design design for multiple asses so as a summary what. For multiple asses so as a summary what for multiple asses so as a summary what we're having here is this experiment in. We're having here is this experiment in we're having here is this experiment in combining customization confidentiality. Combining customization confidentiality combining customization confidentiality and scalability features in a single. And scalability features in a single and scalability features in a single project and using two to the optimal. Project and using two to the optimal project and using two to the optimal degree all the latest inventions in the. Degree all the latest inventions in the degree all the latest inventions in the blockchain space where we have. Blockchain space where we have blockchain space where we have reasonably innovative cryptography and. Reasonably innovative cryptography and reasonably innovative cryptography and but still trying to be on a conservative. But still trying to be on a conservative but still trying to be on a conservative. Side and trying to make things very side and trying to make things very side and trying to make things very. Scalable and high-performance and you scalable and high-performance and you scalable and high-performance and you. Know obviously pushing as much as know obviously pushing as much as know obviously pushing as much as. Possible to the kind of chain possible to the kind of chain possible to the kind of chain. Application to design so we can innovate application to design so we can innovate. Application to design so we can innovate faster and have the core consensus faster and have the core consensus. Faster and have the core consensus critical parts as simple as possible so critical parts as simple as possible so. Critical parts as simple as possible so that's all I got for my talk today and that's all I got for my talk today and. That's all I got for my talk today and then we can transition to questions you then we can transition to questions you. Then we can transition to questions you can check out the demo at the idioms can check out the demo at the idioms. Can check out the demo at the idioms - demo Dostal org and there is a star - demo Dostal org and there is a star. - demo Dostal org and there is a star slash slingshot repository on github slash slingshot repository on github. Slash slingshot repository on github where all the discussion and design work where all the discussion and design work. Where all the discussion and design work is happening daily thank you oh yeah so we received some questions so. Oh yeah so we received some questions so the first question is can the gibeom law. The first question is can the gibeom law the first question is can the gibeom law. To be applied to the Stellar blockchain to be applied to the Stellar blockchain to be applied to the Stellar blockchain. Or is it a separate sidechain the or is it a separate sidechain the or is it a separate sidechain the. Deviant watching is entirely separate deviant watching is entirely separate deviant watching is entirely separate. System that can work as a side chain or system that can work as a side chain or system that can work as a side chain or. It can work it can work it can work complementary like it can work as a side complementary like it can work as a side. Complementary like it can work as a side chain complementary reaches dollars so chain complementary reaches dollars so. Chain complementary reaches dollars so you could have a set of validators you could have a set of validators. You could have a set of validators overlapping both systems and using the overlapping both systems and using the. Overlapping both systems and using the same Stellar consensus protocol so we same Stellar consensus protocol so we. Same Stellar consensus protocol so we can can operate in parallel and we have can can operate in parallel and we have. Can can operate in parallel and we have some thoughts on how to do the some thoughts on how to do the. Some thoughts on how to do the import/export mechanism for their import/export mechanism for their. Import/export mechanism for their Stellar asses from the main chain into Stellar asses from the main chain into. Stellar asses from the main chain into the into the GK VM side chain at the the into the GK VM side chain at the. The into the GK VM side chain at the same time and the similar mechanism can same time and the similar mechanism can. Same time and the similar mechanism can be used for the Zika VM in private be used for the Zika VM in private. Be used for the Zika VM in private setting let's say you have a setting let's say you have a. Setting let's say you have a organization where you need a robust organization where you need a robust. Organization where you need a robust internal ledger that is cryptographic internal ledger that is cryptographic. Internal ledger that is cryptographic assured and limits the information assured and limits the information. Assured and limits the information exposure and you would like to use it exposure and you would like to use it. Exposure and you would like to use it internally but but also interoperate internally but but also interoperate. Internally but but also interoperate with Stellar so that's also a good idea with Stellar so that's also a good idea. With Stellar so that's also a good idea because then you can protect your because then you can protect your. Because then you can protect your internal data from your own system internal data from your own system. Internal data from your own system administrators and your IT department so administrators and your IT department so. Administrators and your IT department so you can more precisely specify who sees you can more precisely specify who sees. You can more precisely specify who sees what information if you run their thus what information if you run their thus. What information if you run their thus giving and blocking just as your giving and blocking just as your. Giving and blocking just as your internal private letter the question is a Kinney build an automated. Question is a Kinney build an automated node for collateralized loan node for collateralized loan. Node for collateralized loan how would you invoke locking for how would you invoke locking for. How would you invoke locking for deposits and is there an up code or do deposits and is there an up code or do. Deposits and is there an up code or do you require an operator in between so you require an operator in between so. You require an operator in between so this is a cool question because this is a cool question because. This is a cool question because collateralized loan is one of those collateralized loan is one of those. Collateralized loan is one of those things that teaching naturally build things that teaching naturally build. Things that teaching naturally build with the KVM instruction set so you with the KVM instruction set so you. With the KVM instruction set so you could make an agreement that the person could make an agreement that the person. Could make an agreement that the person who receives the the creditor receives who receives the the creditor receives. Who receives the the creditor receives the money if they lock some digital the money if they lock some digital. The money if they lock some digital asset as collateral and this lock will asset as collateral and this lock will. Asset as collateral and this lock will have a custom predicate that allows you have a custom predicate that allows you. Have a custom predicate that allows you to take it out of allows that sorry I to take it out of allows that sorry I. To take it out of allows that sorry I lost the creditor to take out the loan lost the creditor to take out the loan. Lost the creditor to take out the loan after some time out and also allows the after some time out and also allows the. After some time out and also allows the the person who takes it takes the loan the person who takes it takes the loan. The person who takes it takes the loan to unlock the collateral provided they to unlock the collateral provided they. To unlock the collateral provided they make a payment and the contract the make a payment and the contract the. Make a payment and the contract the predicate of the contract will have a predicate of the contract will have a. Predicate of the contract will have a provision area formula to check that the provision area formula to check that the. Provision area formula to check that the payment was done including whatever payment was done including whatever. Payment was done including whatever required interest rate before the tenant required interest rate before the tenant. Required interest rate before the tenant so this scheme requires you to build a so this scheme requires you to build a. So this scheme requires you to build a little bit of this kind of smart little bit of this kind of smart. Little bit of this kind of smart contractor program to embed in a contractor program to embed in a. Contractor program to embed in a transaction and build some transaction and build some. Transaction and build some infrastructure around to kind of support infrastructure around to kind of support. Infrastructure around to kind of support it and the Wallis - - to use this it and the Wallis - - to use this. It and the Wallis - - to use this feature but then it provides both feature but then it provides both. Feature but then it provides both parties good security against each other parties good security against each other. Parties good security against each other they can simply unlock the de collateral. They can simply unlock the de collateral they can simply unlock the de collateral. With mutual agreement but if they with mutual agreement but if they with mutual agreement but if they. Disagree or don't cooperate then each disagree or don't cooperate then each disagree or don't cooperate then each. Party has the clause that protects them party has the clause that protects them party has the clause that protects them. From another so the creditor is assured from another so the creditor is assured from another so the creditor is assured. That after a timeout they can simply that after a timeout they can simply that after a timeout they can simply. Take the collateral salt in the market take the collateral salt in the market take the collateral salt in the market. And the debtor is assured that they and the debtor is assured that they and the debtor is assured that they. Don't need to cooperate with a creditor don't need to cooperate with a creditor don't need to cooperate with a creditor. They can simply take back the lawn to they can simply take back the lawn to they can simply take back the lawn to. Take back the cloud or provided the take back the cloud or provided the take back the cloud or provided the. Payout alone to pre predefined address payout alone to pre predefined address payout alone to pre predefined address. And so that's a perfect example for the and so that's a perfect example for the and so that's a perfect example for the. Use of the KVM and you don't need any use of the KVM and you don't need any use of the KVM and you don't need any. Third party to intermediate ease these third party to intermediate ease these third party to intermediate ease these. Elections was fully like just to parties elections was fully like just to parties. Elections was fully like just to parties and without any trusted third party to and without any trusted third party to. And without any trusted third party to your medium I was able to provide a your medium I was able to provide a. Your medium I was able to provide a timeline for when he expects to get him timeline for when he expects to get him. Timeline for when he expects to get him to be fully complete and live on Stellar to be fully complete and live on Stellar. To be fully complete and live on Stellar so that's a trick question because like so that's a trick question because like. So that's a trick question because like the GBM itself was pretty complete the GBM itself was pretty complete. The GBM itself was pretty complete what's required which is a canal like what's required which is a canal like. What's required which is a canal like annoying engineering problem is to build annoying engineering problem is to build. Annoying engineering problem is to build this kind of blockchain kinda networking. This kind of blockchain kinda networking this kind of blockchain kinda networking. Infrastructure around it so you could infrastructure around it so you could infrastructure around it so you could. Integrate it just with the kind of integrate it just with the kind of integrate it just with the kind of. Networking nodes which is an ongoing networking nodes which is an ongoing networking nodes which is an ongoing. Problem right now with we we have the problem right now with we we have the problem right now with we we have the. Blockchain state machine we have the blockchain state machine we have the blockchain state machine we have the. Peer to peer network components but peer to peer network components but peer to peer network components but. There is also you know also kind of there is also you know also kind of there is also you know also kind of. Wearing the right packaging you have a wearing the right packaging you have a wearing the right packaging you have a. Node with the UI stuff and things like node with the UI stuff and things like node with the UI stuff and things like. That but also there is the integration that but also there is the integration that but also there is the integration. With the installer consensus protocol with the installer consensus protocol with the installer consensus protocol. And integration with the Stellar assets and integration with the Stellar assets and integration with the Stellar assets. There are two separate problems so so there are two separate problems so so there are two separate problems so so. Far I would like to have an assistant far I would like to have an assistant far I would like to have an assistant. As possible but we're kind of getting as possible but we're kind of getting as possible but we're kind of getting. Out of the stage where we have to build out of the stage where we have to build out of the stage where we have to build. Something within this gonna slingshot something within this gonna slingshot something within this gonna slingshot. Project and now it's you know in the project and now it's you know in the project and now it's you know in the. Last in the ongoing wakes we're going to last in the ongoing wakes we're going to. Last in the ongoing wakes we're going to really face the problem of integrating really face the problem of integrating. Really face the problem of integrating where the Stellar consensus protocol and where the Stellar consensus protocol and. Where the Stellar consensus protocol and with a horizon and with like input of with a horizon and with like input of. With a horizon and with like input of the assets so we're working on the the assets so we're working on the. The assets so we're working on the roadmap for this right now so this roadmap for this right now so this. Roadmap for this right now so this require not just kind of work on the require not just kind of work on the. Require not just kind of work on the project itself but more like an project itself but more like an. Project itself but more like an integration work and working with more integration work and working with more. Integration work and working with more or engineers on the store in a broader or engineers on the store in a broader. Or engineers on the store in a broader taller side so the roadmap isn't being taller side so the roadmap isn't being. Taller side so the roadmap isn't being in development right now we have any in development right now we have any. In development right now we have any more questions well thanks everyone for more questions well thanks everyone for. More questions well thanks everyone for joining us today we're glad you've joining us today we're glad you've. Joining us today we're glad you've watched this livestream and if you would watched this livestream and if you would. Watched this livestream and if you would like to participate in a project and I like to participate in a project and I. Like to participate in a project and I have questions would like to integrate have questions would like to integrate. Have questions would like to integrate things with your applications then things with your applications then. Things with your applications then please find the github repository which please find the github repository which. Please find the github repository which is a Stellar slash slingshot and I would is a Stellar slash slingshot and I would. Is a Stellar slash slingshot and I would be glad to see your issues or pull be glad to see your issues or pull. Be glad to see your issues or pull requests thank you so much.
