So so without further Ado we're going to without further Ado we're going to. without further Ado we're going to keep talking about State expiration keep talking about State expiration. Keep talking about State expiration today and I think Garen dropped a today and I think Garen dropped a. Today and I think Garen dropped a bit of a bomb a couple of days ago so bit of a bomb a couple of days ago so. Bit of a bomb a couple of days ago so I think we're gonna start with that and I think we're gonna start with that and. I think we're gonna start with that and again if you can give us a quick again if you can give us a quick. again if you can give us a quick overview of some of the suggested overview of some of the suggested. Overview of some of the suggested changes changes changes yeah sure so up until this point. Yeah sure so up until this point yeah sure so up until this point the current Legacy expiration. the current Legacy expiration the current Legacy expiration proposal has had this thing called a. Proposal has had this thing called a proposal has had this thing called a rent balance so essentially what you. Rent balance so essentially what you rent balance so essentially what you would do is that whenever you you. Would do is that whenever you you would do is that whenever you you know create an entry or want to do a. Know create an entry or want to do a know create an entry or want to do a rent bump you would put xlm into this. Rent bump you would put xlm into this rent bump you would put xlm into this rent balance and then every Ledger a. Rent balance and then every Ledger a rent balance and then every Ledger a variable amount of a fee called the rent. Variable amount of a fee called the rent variable amount of a fee called the rent. Fee would be removed from this rent fee would be removed from this rent fee would be removed from this rent. Balance and the rent feed could either balance and the rent feed could either balance and the rent feed could either. Decrease or increase based on the size decrease or increase based on the size decrease or increase based on the size. Of the bucket list and network usage of the bucket list and network usage of the bucket list and network usage. So the reasoning behind this initially so the reasoning behind this initially so the reasoning behind this initially. Was that we want to provide some sort of was that we want to provide some sort of. Was that we want to provide some sort of market equilibrium that as The Bucket market equilibrium that as The Bucket. Market equilibrium that as The Bucket List gets larger and as the price of List gets larger and as the price of. List gets larger and as the price of writing to the bucket list increases we writing to the bucket list increases we. Writing to the bucket list increases we also have increased pressure to evict also have increased pressure to evict. Also have increased pressure to evict and expire entries out of the bucket and expire entries out of the bucket. And expire entries out of the bucket list and so the thinking with this kind list and so the thinking with this kind. List and so the thinking with this kind of variable rent fee is that as the of variable rent fee is that as the. Of variable rent fee is that as the Buckle list grows you the rent fee also Buckle list grows you the rent fee also. Buckle list grows you the rent fee also grows and so that you deduct rent grows and so that you deduct rent. Grows and so that you deduct rent balance more aggressively and so more balance more aggressively and so more. Balance more aggressively and so more entries will fall to zero or negative entries will fall to zero or negative. Entries will fall to zero or negative rent balances and then be expired more rent balances and then be expired more. Rent balances and then be expired more frequently so that's kind of the frequently so that's kind of the. Frequently so that's kind of the original thinking as to why we had this original thinking as to why we had this. Original thinking as to why we had this variable rent balance and this variable variable rent balance and this variable. Variable rent balance and this variable rent fee now the issue with that is rent fee now the issue with that is. Rent fee now the issue with that is there's two primary issues the first is there's two primary issues the first is. There's two primary issues the first is just the user experience story so with just the user experience story so with. Just the user experience story so with run balance because the rent fee that's run balance because the rent fee that's. Run balance because the rent fee that's deducted is variable from ledger to deducted is variable from ledger to. Deducted is variable from ledger to Ledger you can estimate how many ledgers Ledger you can estimate how many ledgers. Ledger you can estimate how many ledgers you think your entry will be live on the. You think your entry will be live on the you think your entry will be live on the. Network but you can't know for certain network but you can't know for certain network but you can't know for certain. So for instance say if you initially so for instance say if you initially so for instance say if you initially. Paid for 100 ledgers of rent paid for 100 ledgers of rent paid for 100 ledgers of rent. but you know there are a bunch of but you know there are a bunch of but you know there are a bunch of. Merges so the bucket list size decreased merges so the bucket list size decreased. Merges so the bucket list size decreased a lot then your entry could live much a lot then your entry could live much. A lot then your entry could live much longer conversely if you paid for say 10 longer conversely if you paid for say 10. Longer conversely if you paid for say 10 years of rent your entry might only years of rent your entry might only. Years of rent your entry might only lasts one year if the network explodes lasts one year if the network explodes. Lasts one year if the network explodes in popularity and the Buckle of size in popularity and the Buckle of size. In popularity and the Buckle of size increases and so it's kind of weird user increases and so it's kind of weird user. Increases and so it's kind of weird user interface where the users expect an interface where the users expect an. Interface where the users expect an entry's lifetime to be measured in entry's lifetime to be measured in. Entry's lifetime to be measured in ledgers but really you have like this ledgers but really you have like this. Ledgers but really you have like this rent balance and like this variable rent balance and like this variable. Rent balance and like this variable thing you really can't control it and so thing you really can't control it and so. Thing you really can't control it and so that was issue number one is that it was. That was issue number one is that it was that was issue number one is that it was. Difficult for users to understand and it difficult for users to understand and it. Difficult for users to understand and it didn't have a great user Story the didn't have a great user Story the. Didn't have a great user Story the second issue is that of Downstream second issue is that of Downstream. Second issue is that of Downstream systems and so because the rent fee is systems and so because the rent fee is. Systems and so because the rent fee is variable from ledger to Ledger you don't variable from ledger to Ledger you don't. Variable from ledger to Ledger you don't know when or you can't predict what the know when or you can't predict what the. Know when or you can't predict what the Run fee will be and so you cannot Run fee will be and so you cannot. Run fee will be and so you cannot predict an entry's rent balance now in predict an entry's rent balance now in. Predict an entry's rent balance now in Stellar core we have like this bucket Stellar core we have like this bucket. Stellar core we have like this bucket list data structure which is like you list data structure which is like you. List data structure which is like you know specially designed with this know specially designed with this . Know specially designed with this multiple levels and like this log multiple levels and like this log. Multiple levels and like this log scripted merge tree approach and we've scripted merge tree approach and we've. Scripted merge tree approach and we've designed the rent balance system designed the rent balance system. Designed the rent balance system to work very well with the bucket list to work very well with the bucket list. To work very well with the bucket list such that on bucket list and on such that on bucket list and on. Such that on bucket list and on bucket list DB you always know exactly bucket list DB you always know exactly. Bucket list DB you always know exactly how much rent balance your entry has and how much rent balance your entry has and. How much rent balance your entry has and we can do this efficiently without we can do this efficiently without. We can do this efficiently without iterating through every entry and then iterating through every entry and then. Iterating through every entry and then you know decrementing its rent balance you know decrementing its rent balance. You know decrementing its rent balance by the current letters rent fee we by the current letters rent fee we. By the current letters rent fee we can like you know get around it using can like you know get around it using. Can like you know get around it using some optimizations of the bucket list some optimizations of the bucket list. Some optimizations of the bucket list structure now the issue for Downstream structure now the issue for Downstream. Structure now the issue for Downstream systems is that Downstream systems don't systems is that Downstream systems don't. Systems is that Downstream systems don't have a copy of the bucket list you have a copy of the bucket list you. Have a copy of the bucket list you know they're running captive core but know they're running captive core but. Know they're running captive core but the way that a captive Quorum core is the way that a captive Quorum core is. The way that a captive Quorum core is currently designed it's too expensive to currently designed it's too expensive to. Currently designed it's too expensive to query a captive core directly and so query a captive core directly and so. Query a captive core directly and so that means that in order for these that means that in order for these. That means that in order for these Downstream systems primarily Horizon Downstream systems primarily Horizon. Downstream systems primarily Horizon and sort of on RPC nodes in order for and sort of on RPC nodes in order for. And sort of on RPC nodes in order for them to have accurate rent balance them to have accurate rent balance. Them to have accurate rent balance information what they would need is to information what they would need is to. Information what they would need is to essentially either maintain their own essentially either maintain their own. Essentially either maintain their own version of The Bucket List and apply version of The Bucket List and apply. Version of The Bucket List and apply rent via like a copy of the bucket list rent via like a copy of the bucket list. Rent via like a copy of the bucket list or do some like very inefficient or do some like very inefficient. Or do some like very inefficient operations operations operations with like SQL where you like. with like SQL where you like with like SQL where you like essentially cache some amount of rent. Essentially cache some amount of rent essentially cache some amount of rent. Fees and then lazily apply them in the fees and then lazily apply them in the fees and then lazily apply them in the. Background or something like that but in background or something like that but in. Background or something like that but in either case it's it's a lot of work either case it's it's a lot of work. Either case it's it's a lot of work for Downstream systems a lot of disk I o for Downstream systems a lot of disk I o. For Downstream systems a lot of disk I o and things like that so those are these and things like that so those are these. And things like that so those are these are the two main drawbacks and so when are the two main drawbacks and so when. Are the two main drawbacks and so when thinking about this issue we thought thinking about this issue we thought. Thinking about this issue we thought from our first principles okay do we from our first principles okay do we. From our first principles okay do we need this variable rent fee do we need a need this variable rent fee do we need a. Need this variable rent fee do we need a rent balance or can we use a definitive rent balance or can we use a definitive. Rent balance or can we use a definitive expiration Ledger and so that's kind of expiration Ledger and so that's kind of. Expiration Ledger and so that's kind of what today's conversation about is rent what today's conversation about is rent. What today's conversation about is rent balance versus expiration Ledger now how balance versus expiration Ledger now how. Balance versus expiration Ledger now how the expiration ledger works is instead the expiration ledger works is instead. The expiration ledger works is instead of having The Ledger entry store a rent of having The Ledger entry store a rent. Of having The Ledger entry store a rent balance field that is periodically balance field that is periodically. Balance field that is periodically deducted from instead all it stores is a deducted from instead all it stores is a. Deducted from instead all it stores is a single entry which is expiration Ledger single entry which is expiration Ledger. Single entry which is expiration Ledger it's very simple essentially before the it's very simple essentially before the. It's very simple essentially before the expiration Ledger the entry is live and expiration Ledger the entry is live and. Expiration Ledger the entry is live and accessible after the expiration Ledger accessible after the expiration Ledger. Accessible after the expiration Ledger the entry has run out of rent and is not the entry has run out of rent and is not. The entry has run out of rent and is not accessible and then once the entry is. accessible and then once the entry is accessible and then once the entry is. Passed this expiration Ledger it can be passed this expiration Ledger it can be passed this expiration Ledger it can be. Expired which is when it's deleted from expired which is when it's deleted from expired which is when it's deleted from. The Bucket List and then if it's a The Bucket List and then if it's a The Bucket List and then if it's a. Temporary entry it could be permanently temporary entry it could be permanently temporary entry it could be permanently. Deleted or if it's a restorable entry deleted or if it's a restorable entry deleted or if it's a restorable entry. It's deleted and then stay sent to a it's deleted and then stay sent to a it's deleted and then stay sent to a. State restoration node or something like state restoration node or something like. State restoration node or something like that that that now the advantages to the expiration. Now the advantages to the expiration now the advantages to the expiration Ledger approach are that it's. Ledger approach are that it's Ledger approach are that it's significantly easier for Downstream. Significantly easier for Downstream significantly easier for Downstream systems because they don't have to. Systems because they don't have to systems because they don't have to periodically update entries with rent. Periodically update entries with rent periodically update entries with rent balance information The Meta that's. Balance information The Meta that's balance information The Meta that's initially emitted whenever an entry is. Initially emitted whenever an entry is initially emitted whenever an entry is created or an entry receives a rent bump. Created or an entry receives a rent bump created or an entry receives a rent bump. We'll tell Downstream systems exactly we'll tell Downstream systems exactly we'll tell Downstream systems exactly. When an entry should expire and so it's when an entry should expire and so it's when an entry should expire and so it's. Pretty straightforward from the pretty straightforward from the pretty straightforward from the. Implementation standpoint it also makes implementation standpoint it also makes implementation standpoint it also makes. A lot more sense for users who expect a lot more sense for users who expect a lot more sense for users who expect. That a lifetime is measured in kind of that a lifetime is measured in kind of that a lifetime is measured in kind of. Ledger a discrete and predictable values Ledger a discrete and predictable values. Ledger a discrete and predictable values now the drawback to this is that we now the drawback to this is that we. Now the drawback to this is that we can't have this Dynamic eviction can't have this Dynamic eviction. Can't have this Dynamic eviction pressure feature that we have in rent pressure feature that we have in rent. Pressure feature that we have in rent balance so how the expiration Ledger balance so how the expiration Ledger. Balance so how the expiration Ledger implementation will work with respect to implementation will work with respect to. Implementation will work with respect to fees is what we would do is take fees is what we would do is take. Fees is what we would do is take whatever the current market rent fee whatever the current market rent fee. Whatever the current market rent fee rate is based on the size of The rate is based on the size of The. Rate is based on the size of The Blacklist and then lock that right in Blacklist and then lock that right in. Blacklist and then lock that right in and charge that rate for the entire and charge that rate for the entire. And charge that rate for the entire lifetime of the object or of the entry lifetime of the object or of the entry. Lifetime of the object or of the entry so for instance say you are creating a so for instance say you are creating a. So for instance say you are creating a new entry that has one year's worth of new entry that has one year's worth of. New entry that has one year's worth of rent you would be charged one year's rent you would be charged one year's. Rent you would be charged one year's worth of rent at the current rent fee worth of rent at the current rent fee. Worth of rent at the current rent fee now the issue with this is suppose that now the issue with this is suppose that. Now the issue with this is suppose that within that year The Bucket List size within that year The Bucket List size. Within that year The Bucket List size increases significantly essentially what increases significantly essentially what. Increases significantly essentially what you would be doing is because you locked. You would be doing is because you locked you would be doing is because you locked. In that rage when the size was small in that rage when the size was small in that rage when the size was small. You'd be paying an artificially low rate you'd be paying an artificially low rate. You'd be paying an artificially low rate compared to other entries that are being. Compared to other entries that are being compared to other entries that are being. Added onto the network later added onto the network later added onto the network later. And so you have this weird system where and so you have this weird system where and so you have this weird system where. These entries can be kind of these entries can be kind of these entries can be kind of. Grandfathered in so to speak such that grandfathered in so to speak such that grandfathered in so to speak such that. They pay low fees because it's gotten they pay low fees because it's gotten. They pay low fees because it's gotten at the ground level when the network is at the ground level when the network is. At the ground level when the network is low low low and so with rent balances you don't have. And so with rent balances you don't have and so with rent balances you don't have. This grandfather thing because even if this grandfather thing because even if this grandfather thing because even if. You create an entry on Day Zero answer you create an entry on Day Zero answer you create an entry on Day Zero answer. Up on launch day when the buck list was up on launch day when the buck list was up on launch day when the buck list was. At you know theoretical smallest size at you know theoretical smallest size at you know theoretical smallest size. Because every entry is subject to the because every entry is subject to the. Because every entry is subject to the same variable rent fee no matter when same variable rent fee no matter when. Same variable rent fee no matter when they were created the old entries and they were created the old entries and. They were created the old entries and new entries are charged the same rate new entries are charged the same rate. New entries are charged the same rate however because you have to essentially however because you have to essentially. However because you have to essentially lock in the rate on creation time around lock in the rate on creation time around. Lock in the rate on creation time around bump time with an expiration Ledger bump time with an expiration Ledger. Bump time with an expiration Ledger approach that's not possible approach that's not possible. Approach that's not possible and so I think what we want to think and so I think what we want to think. And so I think what we want to think about if we want to make expiration about if we want to make expiration. About if we want to make expiration letters work because I think the two letters work because I think the two. Letters work because I think the two benefits to Downstream systems and to benefits to Downstream systems and to. Benefits to Downstream systems and to the user experience are very very the user experience are very very. The user experience are very very significant benefits and so we should significant benefits and so we should. Significant benefits and so we should think about expiration Ledges pretty think about expiration Ledges pretty. Think about expiration Ledges pretty seriously seriously seriously I think that we need to make sure I. I think that we need to make sure I think that we need to make sure I think the thing we want to prevent most. Think the thing we want to prevent most think the thing we want to prevent most are kind of two scenarios first where. Are kind of two scenarios first where are kind of two scenarios first where you have a system where users or there's. You have a system where users or there's you have a system where users or there's. Smart Contracting can essentially smart Contracting can essentially smart Contracting can essentially. Provide a storage interface for cheaper provide a storage interface for cheaper provide a storage interface for cheaper. Than the protocol can if you can imagine than the protocol can if you can imagine. Than the protocol can if you can imagine say on day Zero when the bucket list is say on day Zero when the bucket list is. Say on day Zero when the bucket list is small someone spins up a smart contract small someone spins up a smart contract. Small someone spins up a smart contract that has public functions that exactly that has public functions that exactly. That has public functions that exactly mirror the storage functions of that the mirror the storage functions of that the. Mirror the storage functions of that the protocol exposes so you have like you protocol exposes so you have like you. Protocol exposes so you have like you know get know get know get you know create just the exact same. you know create just the exact same you know create just the exact same interface but instead of calling it . Interface but instead of calling it interface but instead of calling it directly through the Soroban SDK you. Directly through the Soroban SDK you directly through the Soroban SDK you would just make a call to a Smart. Would just make a call to a Smart would just make a call to a Smart contract for your storage needs and so. Contract for your storage needs and so contract for your storage needs and so what this storage contract could do is. What this storage contract could do is what this storage contract could do is it could just you know buy up say the. It could just you know buy up say the it could just you know buy up say the maximum amount of Ledger entries. Maximum amount of Ledger entries maximum amount of Ledger entries possible possible. Possible on day Zero with say like 100 years on day Zero with say like 100 years. on day Zero with say like 100 years of rent or some very large value and of rent or some very large value and. Of rent or some very large value and essentially permanently lock in those essentially permanently lock in those. Essentially permanently lock in those entries for 100 years at the lowest entries for 100 years at the lowest. Entries for 100 years at the lowest possible rent fee and then say two or possible rent fee and then say two or. Possible rent fee and then say two or three years down the line you know if three years down the line you know if. Three years down the line you know if the Stellar Network explodes and huge the Stellar Network explodes and huge. The Stellar Network explodes and huge the rent fee will be significantly the rent fee will be significantly. The rent fee will be significantly higher and so what this contract can do higher and so what this contract can do. Higher and so what this contract can do is essentially auction off this rent is essentially auction off this rent. Is essentially auction off this rent space at a artificially low rate and so space at a artificially low rate and so. Space at a artificially low rate and so you can essentially use a middleman you can essentially use a middleman. You can essentially use a middleman contract to get cheaper storage than you contract to get cheaper storage than you. Contract to get cheaper storage than you could if you actually went to the could if you actually went to the. Could if you actually went to the protocol directly and so this is really protocol directly and so this is really. Protocol directly and so this is really bad from a Network Health perspective bad from a Network Health perspective. Bad from a Network Health perspective because essentially every storage call because essentially every storage call. Because essentially every storage call now has to pass this middleman and so now has to pass this middleman and so. Now has to pass this middleman and so you have lots of additional traffic lots you have lots of additional traffic lots. You have lots of additional traffic lots of additional of additional of additional. overhead for serving storage just overhead for serving storage just overhead for serving storage just. Because essentially you have a bug and because essentially you have a bug and because essentially you have a bug and. Exploitability in the way that you exploitability in the way that you exploitability in the way that you. Charge rent charge rent charge rent and so I think to prevent against that and so I think to prevent against that. And so I think to prevent against that specific exploit where you have like specific exploit where you have like. Specific exploit where you have like these these storage contract these these storage contract. These these storage contract interfaces what you would need is some interfaces what you would need is some. Interfaces what you would need is some sort of upper bound on the amount of sort of upper bound on the amount of . Sort of upper bound on the amount of Ledger or the lifetime of an entry at Ledger or the lifetime of an entry at. Ledger or the lifetime of an entry at any given point essentially the thinking any given point essentially the thinking. Any given point essentially the thinking being that you know being that you know being that you know. If you allow arbitrarily large amounts if you allow arbitrarily large amounts if you allow arbitrarily large amounts. Of rent purchases then you could say of rent purchases then you could say of rent purchases then you could say. Lock in an entry for 100 years which is lock in an entry for 100 years which is lock in an entry for 100 years which is. Far too long because the price will far too long because the price will far too long because the price will. Probably significantly increase in that probably significantly increase in that probably significantly increase in that. Lifetime but if you have a maximum lifetime but if you have a maximum lifetime but if you have a maximum. Lifetime of say six months it's unlikely lifetime of say six months it's unlikely. Lifetime of say six months it's unlikely that a storage contract interface could that a storage contract interface could. That a storage contract interface could be profitable with only six months be profitable with only six months. Be profitable with only six months difference between the initial rent fee difference between the initial rent fee. Difference between the initial rent fee paid and then the rent you they'd be paid and then the rent you they'd be. Paid and then the rent you they'd be providing their users and so I think the providing their users and so I think the. Providing their users and so I think the plan is if we do expiration ledgers is plan is if we do expiration ledgers is. Plan is if we do expiration ledgers is to have a network parameter which is the to have a network parameter which is the. To have a network parameter which is the maximum rent or the maximum lifetime of maximum rent or the maximum lifetime of. Maximum rent or the maximum lifetime of a given entry on The Ledger and so this a given entry on The Ledger and so this. A given entry on The Ledger and so this could be something like six months or could be something like six months or. Could be something like six months or one year and this would be a network one year and this would be a network. One year and this would be a network parameter and so what we can do is you parameter and so what we can do is you. Parameter and so what we can do is you want this value to be as large as want this value to be as large as. Want this value to be as large as possible from a user perspective just so possible from a user perspective just so. Possible from a user perspective just so you can provide the most flexibility and. You can provide the most flexibility and you can provide the most flexibility and. Usability but you want to be small usability but you want to be small usability but you want to be small. Enough such that you don't have these enough such that you don't have these enough such that you don't have these. Rent related exploits and so that would rent related exploits and so that would rent related exploits and so that would. Be a number that we can change by a be a number that we can change by a be a number that we can change by a. Network vote just so that we can network vote just so that we can network vote just so that we can. Essentially tune this value up or down essentially tune this value up or down essentially tune this value up or down. As we see exploits happening on the as we see exploits happening on the as we see exploits happening on the. Network or as we see that no exploits network or as we see that no exploits network or as we see that no exploits. Are happening on the network are happening on the network are happening on the network. In addition to this issue we also in addition to this issue we also in addition to this issue we also . Kind of like the middleman storage kind of like the middleman storage kind of like the middleman storage. Contract we also want to make sure that contract we also want to make sure that contract we also want to make sure that. We're not allowing a bunch of spam we're not allowing a bunch of spam we're not allowing a bunch of spam. Entries to lock in very low rates take entries to lock in very low rates take entries to lock in very low rates take. Up space on the network and essentially up space on the network and essentially up space on the network and essentially. Up the price for everyone else that's up the price for everyone else that's up the price for everyone else that's. Doing legitimate work that's not spam doing legitimate work that's not spam doing legitimate work that's not spam. And so you can imagine that on Day Zero and so you can imagine that on Day Zero and so you can imagine that on Day Zero. When the you know buckless has a small when the you know buckless has a small when the you know buckless has a small. You have a bunch of airdrops that take you have a bunch of airdrops that take you have a bunch of airdrops that take. Whatever the maximum lifetime is say six whatever the maximum lifetime is say six. Whatever the maximum lifetime is say six months a year or whatever and then months a year or whatever and then. Months a year or whatever and then essentially just mint spam airdrop essentially just mint spam airdrop. Essentially just mint spam airdrop tokens and tell the bucket list size tokens and tell the bucket list size. Tokens and tell the bucket list size increases such that's no longer increases such that's no longer. Increases such that's no longer profitable profitable profitable now the issue with this is that they can. Now the issue with this is that they can now the issue with this is that they can. Essentially even though you know each essentially even though you know each essentially even though you know each. Additional spam token they put on the additional spam token they put on the. Additional spam token they put on the network raises the rent fees slightly network raises the rent fees slightly. Network raises the rent fees slightly for the next spam token they can still for the next spam token they can still. For the next spam token they can still do this very fast and very quickly take do this very fast and very quickly take. Do this very fast and very quickly take up the cheapest rent options with all of up the cheapest rent options with all of. Up the cheapest rent options with all of this spam and unlike an event balance this spam and unlike an event balance. This spam and unlike an event balance approach even though the spam has caused approach even though the spam has caused. Approach even though the spam has caused the rent fees to be high for everyone the rent fees to be high for everyone. The rent fees to be high for everyone else because the spam did it first they else because the spam did it first they. Else because the spam did it first they are not subject to those higher fees and are not subject to those higher fees and. Are not subject to those higher fees and you can't evict them which means you can. You can't evict them which means you can you can't evict them which means you can. Have like this essentially these have like this essentially these have like this essentially these. Events where if for whatever reason the events where if for whatever reason the events where if for whatever reason the. Bucket list size decreases in the rent bucket list size decreases in the rent bucket list size decreases in the rent. Fee decreases rapidly you can have all fee decreases rapidly you can have all fee decreases rapidly you can have all. These spam tokens kind of come in and these spam tokens kind of come in and these spam tokens kind of come in and. Fill the Gap in very quickly get the fill the Gap in very quickly get the fill the Gap in very quickly get the. Network up to that you know high rent network up to that you know high rent network up to that you know high rent. Fee rate again at the cost of all of fee rate again at the cost of all of fee rate again at the cost of all of. These spam entries taking up more time these spam entries taking up more time these spam entries taking up more time. Than they probably should than they probably should than they probably should and so I think that's probably where I. And so I think that's probably where I and so I think that's probably where I want to get the conversation started. Want to get the conversation started want to get the conversation started and open up the floor of questions but. And open up the floor of questions but and open up the floor of questions but those are the biggest pros and cons. Those are the biggest pros and cons those are the biggest pros and cons of each the pros of rent balance being. Of each the pros of rent balance being of each the pros of rent balance being you know this eviction pressure and. You know this eviction pressure and you know this eviction pressure and defining these exploits natively without. Defining these exploits natively without defining these exploits natively without. Like the need for like a maximum rent like the need for like a maximum rent like the need for like a maximum rent. Balance or something like that the con balance or something like that the con balance or something like that the con. Being Downstream systems and usability being Downstream systems and usability being Downstream systems and usability. Garand there was a question around Garand there was a question around. Garand there was a question around the downstream systems can you just the downstream systems can you just . The downstream systems can you just quickly outline the the difference or quickly outline the the difference or. Quickly outline the the difference or specifically with exploration Ledger specifically with exploration Ledger. Specifically with exploration Ledger what would be the downstream systems what would be the downstream systems. What would be the downstream systems kind of like expectations yeah so I kind of like expectations yeah so I. Kind of like expectations yeah so I think the the the issue with the think the the the issue with the . Think the the the issue with the rent balance versus expiration Ledger is rent balance versus expiration Ledger is. Rent balance versus expiration Ledger is just that an expiration letter we can. Just that an expiration letter we can just that an expiration letter we can. Put in meta so that the downstream put in meta so that the downstream put in meta so that the downstream. Systems can be directly told what the systems can be directly told what the systems can be directly told what the. Expiration Ledger is but there's no way expiration Ledger is but there's no way expiration Ledger is but there's no way. To emit meta for the variable rent to emit meta for the variable rent to emit meta for the variable rent. Balance bombs just because they're too balance bombs just because they're too balance bombs just because they're too. Frequent so for instance with expiration frequent so for instance with expiration. Frequent so for instance with expiration Ledger just because it's set a single Ledger just because it's set a single. Ledger just because it's set a single time on creation or whenever an entry time on creation or whenever an entry. Time on creation or whenever an entry has its is expiration or its has its is expiration or its . Has its is expiration or its lifetime extended what you can do is lifetime extended what you can do is. Lifetime extended what you can do is just emit meta that says okay this key just emit meta that says okay this key. Just emit meta that says okay this key has this lifetime and then they start in has this lifetime and then they start in. Has this lifetime and then they start in a SQL database and then whenever you a SQL database and then whenever you. A SQL database and then whenever you access that entry you can just spit out access that entry you can just spit out. Access that entry you can just spit out the lifetime easy and so you can contain the lifetime easy and so you can contain. The lifetime easy and so you can contain all that information in meta with rent all that information in meta with rent. All that information in meta with rent balance the issue is the initial rep balance the issue is the initial rep. Balance the issue is the initial rep balance is in the meta sure so say like balance is in the meta sure so say like. Balance is in the meta sure so say like this has a starting value of a thousand this has a starting value of a thousand. This has a starting value of a thousand xlm but the issue is every Ledger has a xlm but the issue is every Ledger has a. Xlm but the issue is every Ledger has a variable amount that's deducted from variable amount that's deducted from. Variable amount that's deducted from that thousand xlm and because every that thousand xlm and because every. That thousand xlm and because every single Ledger or every single Ledger single Ledger or every single Ledger. Single Ledger or every single Ledger entry is subject to this variable rent entry is subject to this variable rent. Entry is subject to this variable rent every single Ledger closed what we'd every single Ledger closed what we'd. Every single Ledger closed what we'd have to do is if to contain this have to do is if to contain this. Have to do is if to contain this information in meta literally submit a information in meta literally submit a. Information in meta literally submit a meta entry for every single entry on The meta entry for every single entry on The. Meta entry for every single entry on The Ledger periodically with the updated Ledger periodically with the updated . Ledger periodically with the updated rent information and that's just not rent information and that's just not. Rent information and that's just not possible and so essentially the possible and so essentially the. Possible and so essentially the downstream systems would have to manage downstream systems would have to manage. Downstream systems would have to manage this rent balance themselves and we this rent balance themselves and we. This rent balance themselves and we could probably emit the variable rent could probably emit the variable rent. Could probably emit the variable rent fee as meta every Ledger close but then fee as meta every Ledger close but then. Fee as meta every Ledger close but then it would be the responsibility of the it would be the responsibility of the. It would be the responsibility of the downstream systems to implement downstream systems to implement. Downstream systems to implement essentially the rent balance bookkeeping essentially the rent balance bookkeeping. Essentially the rent balance bookkeeping themselves if that makes sense it does sound for the most part like. It does sound for the most part like like a win-win so I definitely want to like a win-win so I definitely want to. Like a win-win so I definitely want to un probably focus on like what are un probably focus on like what are. Un probably focus on like what are the pros the pros the pros of of . of of the current Red Diamond system of the current Red Diamond system of the current Red Diamond system. Compared to exploration Ledger compared to exploration Ledger compared to exploration Ledger. Yes I think the it comes to to eviction yes I think the it comes to to eviction yes I think the it comes to to eviction. Pressure and kind of pressure and kind of pressure and kind of not being exploitable or being . not being exploitable or being not being exploitable or being more game proof and so that's the. More game proof and so that's the more game proof and so that's the primary issue with locking in a . Primary issue with locking in a primary issue with locking in a essentially a rent fee at creation time. Essentially a rent fee at creation time essentially a rent fee at creation time is that you open up these. Is that you open up these is that you open up these vulnerabilities for the kind of like a. Vulnerabilities for the kind of like a vulnerabilities for the kind of like a contract storage middleman and for a. Contract storage middleman and for a contract storage middleman and for a long life spam entries that increase. Long life spam entries that increase long life spam entries that increase rent fees for everyone else and so those. Rent fees for everyone else and so those rent fees for everyone else and so those. Are the two kind of I think exploits are the two kind of I think exploits are the two kind of I think exploits. That we want to prevent happening that we want to prevent happening that we want to prevent happening. and so if we can find essentially a and so if we can find essentially a and so if we can find essentially a. Suitable limitations on the suitable limitations on the suitable limitations on the. Expiration Ledger like one limitation expiration Ledger like one limitation expiration Ledger like one limitation. Being not allowing arbitrarily large being not allowing arbitrarily large being not allowing arbitrarily large. Lifetimes to defeat those two exploits lifetimes to defeat those two exploits lifetimes to defeat those two exploits. Then I think it would be a good a good then I think it would be a good a good then I think it would be a good a good. Decision there's also a couple of other decision there's also a couple of other decision there's also a couple of other. Drawbacks I think these are all solvable drawbacks I think these are all solvable. Drawbacks I think these are all solvable problems but just something to think problems but just something to think. Problems but just something to think about is that there's certain issues about is that there's certain issues. About is that there's certain issues like because you're locking in an like because you're locking in an. Like because you're locking in an expiration Ledger expiration Ledger expiration Ledger. there are questions about what to do there are questions about what to do there are questions about what to do. Whenever you resize an entry so for whenever you resize an entry so for whenever you resize an entry so for. Instance say you create an entry that's instance say you create an entry that's instance say you create an entry that's. Only one byte large and say okay I want only one byte large and say okay I want only one byte large and say okay I want. It to have an expiration Ledger 10 years it to have an expiration Ledger 10 years. It to have an expiration Ledger 10 years from now and so you pay the rent fee from now and so you pay the rent fee. From now and so you pay the rent fee for 10 years but for only one byte for 10 years but for only one byte. for 10 years but for only one byte and then two ledgers later you say oh and then two ledgers later you say oh. And then two ledgers later you say oh this entry is now 100 kilobytes this entry is now 100 kilobytes. This entry is now 100 kilobytes then you essentially need to then you essentially need to. then you essentially need to reconcile okay what do we do in this reconcile okay what do we do in this. Reconcile okay what do we do in this situation do we either a shorten the situation do we either a shorten the. Situation do we either a shorten the lifetime because the rent fee is now lifetime because the rent fee is now. Lifetime because the rent fee is now higher because it's you know a larger higher because it's you know a larger. Higher because it's you know a larger entry size entry size entry size just for reference the rent fee is. just for reference the rent fee is just for reference the rent fee is charged per byte and so you need to pay. Charged per byte and so you need to pay charged per byte and so you need to pay more rent in order to have the same. More rent in order to have the same more rent in order to have the same expiration Ledger you did before and so. Expiration Ledger you did before and so expiration Ledger you did before and so my current thinking for that particular. My current thinking for that particular my current thinking for that particular Edge case is that the expiration Ledger. Edge case is that the expiration Ledger Edge case is that the expiration Ledger should never decrease for instance a. Should never decrease for instance a should never decrease for instance a write or an update or changing the size. Write or an update or changing the size write or an update or changing the size of an entry should never decrease its. Of an entry should never decrease its of an entry should never decrease its lifetime it should only match or. Lifetime it should only match or lifetime it should only match or increase the lifetime which means that. Increase the lifetime which means that increase the lifetime which means that if you have an entry that has say 10. If you have an entry that has say 10 if you have an entry that has say 10 years worth of . Years worth of years worth of or that has an expiration Ledger 10 or that has an expiration Ledger 10. Or that has an expiration Ledger 10 years in the future if you resize that years in the future if you resize that. Years in the future if you resize that entry then you what you need to do is entry then you what you need to do is. Entry then you what you need to do is you need to pay for essentially the you need to pay for essentially the. You need to pay for essentially the difference so you'd have to pay in this difference so you'd have to pay in this. Difference so you'd have to pay in this example if you had a one byte entry and example if you had a one byte entry and. Example if you had a one byte entry and now it's a you know 10 byte entry you'd now it's a you know 10 byte entry you'd. Now it's a you know 10 byte entry you'd have to pay for 10 bytes or for the nine have to pay for 10 bytes or for the nine. Have to pay for 10 bytes or for the nine additional bytes additional bytes additional bytes. whenever you do that update and so I whenever you do that update and so I whenever you do that update and so I. Think there are like issues like that think there are like issues like that. Think there are like issues like that and then the two exploit and then the two exploit. and then the two exploit exploitability cases that rent balance exploitability cases that rent balance. Exploitability cases that rent balance solves really elegantly because rent solves really elegantly because rent. Solves really elegantly because rent balance you you know it's charged balance you you know it's charged. Balance you you know it's charged every Ledger and so if you resize it every Ledger and so if you resize it. Every Ledger and so if you resize it then they'll the you know new then they'll the you know new. then they'll the you know new additional fees will just be picked up additional fees will just be picked up. Additional fees will just be picked up on the next Ledger and so it's handled on the next Ledger and so it's handled. On the next Ledger and so it's handled automatically and then these exploits automatically and then these exploits. Automatically and then these exploits are not possible just because are not possible just because. Are not possible just because your rent for your paying is always your rent for your paying is always. your rent for your paying is always up to date and so you can never game the up to date and so you can never game the. Up to date and so you can never game the system by locking in a rent fee early system by locking in a rent fee early. System by locking in a rent fee early and then using it later when the rent and then using it later when the rent. And then using it later when the rent fee is more expensive is there anyone on stage or in the. Is there anyone on stage or in the audience that want to speak in favor of audience that want to speak in favor of. Audience that want to speak in favor of rent balances okay okay so yeah I just I just want to comment. so yeah I just I just want to comment so yeah I just I just want to comment. On this from a from a product on this from a from a product on this from a from a product. Perspective I definitely think that this perspective I definitely think that this. Perspective I definitely think that this is this is a big win because the user. Is this is a big win because the user is this is a big win because the user. Experience of the previous proposal experience of the previous proposal experience of the previous proposal. Red balances is definitely kind of red balances is definitely kind of red balances is definitely kind of. Like requires a bit of a complex mental like requires a bit of a complex mental like requires a bit of a complex mental. Model of what rent actually means model of what rent actually means model of what rent actually means. Because when people you know pay rent because when people you know pay rent because when people you know pay rent. They are used to kind of like locking a they are used to kind of like locking a they are used to kind of like locking a. Specific grade for a specific given of specific grade for a specific given of specific grade for a specific given of. Time a specific given amount of time so time a specific given amount of time so time a specific given amount of time so. I do think that this new proposal kind I do think that this new proposal kind I do think that this new proposal kind. Of like sits better with like a mental of like sits better with like a mental of like sits better with like a mental. Model of of what rent actually is even model of of what rent actually is even model of of what rent actually is even. Though we're not using the word rent though we're not using the word rent though we're not using the word rent. Here here here one question that I also asked on one question that I also asked on. one question that I also asked on Discord Discord Discord is around a the question of . is around a the question of is around a the question of temporary entries and to the question of. Temporary entries and to the question of temporary entries and to the question of. Like Auto bumps and what is what are the like Auto bumps and what is what are the. Like Auto bumps and what is what are the implications for these implications for these. Implications for these yeah so I think my current thinking is yeah so I think my current thinking is. Yeah so I think my current thinking is that we should still have Auto bumps that we should still have Auto bumps. That we should still have Auto bumps but the auto bump should be optional but the auto bump should be optional. but the auto bump should be optional and optional well let me explain what and optional well let me explain what. and optional well let me explain what I mean by optional and so I think in I mean by optional and so I think in. I mean by optional and so I think in this system we still want an auto bump this system we still want an auto bump. This system we still want an auto bump system such that you know frequently system such that you know frequently. System such that you know frequently used entries used entries used entries and shared entries such as contract. and shared entries such as contract and shared entries such as contract instances and contract code wasm are. Instances and contract code wasm are instances and contract code wasm are paid for and so that was envisioning is. Paid for and so that was envisioning is paid for and so that was envisioning is that before we were like bumping by some. That before we were like bumping by some that before we were like bumping by some. You know amount of xlm now because we you know amount of xlm now because we you know amount of xlm now because we. Have this expiration Ledger interface we have this expiration Ledger interface we. Have this expiration Ledger interface we would just Bump by some modest amount. Would just Bump by some modest amount would just Bump by some modest amount. Like 10 ledgers per access like 10 ledgers per access like 10 ledgers per access automatically and some of that would. automatically and some of that would automatically and some of that would look like is that you would pay at the. Look like is that you would pay at the look like is that you would pay at the current market rate. Current market rate current market rate whatever the current rent fee is for whatever the current rent fee is for. whatever the current rent fee is for the extension and so even if the entries the extension and so even if the entries. The extension and so even if the entries say had like three years worth of rent say had like three years worth of rent. Say had like three years worth of rent that was paid for two years ago so it that was paid for two years ago so it. that was paid for two years ago so it was very cheap whenever you access it was very cheap whenever you access it. Was very cheap whenever you access it you would still need to pay for the you would still need to pay for the. You would still need to pay for the additional 10 ledgers at the current additional 10 ledgers at the current. Additional 10 ledgers at the current market rate market rate market rate and so that's for automatic bumps I. and so that's for automatic bumps I and so that's for automatic bumps I think. Think think what we should do for auto bumps is what we should do for auto bumps is. what we should do for auto bumps is especially for temporary entries there especially for temporary entries there. Especially for temporary entries there were use cases where other bumps are were use cases where other bumps are. Were use cases where other bumps are useful and use cases where Auto bumps useful and use cases where Auto bumps. Useful and use cases where Auto bumps are not and so I think when creating an are not and so I think when creating an. Are not and so I think when creating an entry what you should do is on the entry what you should do is on the. Entry what you should do is on the initial item creation you can set a flag initial item creation you can set a flag. Initial item creation you can set a flag and that flag is either Auto bumps true and that flag is either Auto bumps true. And that flag is either Auto bumps true false and so false and so false and so what this allows you to do is that. what this allows you to do is that what this allows you to do is that the original developer when you're. The original developer when you're the original developer when you're creating the entry can choose if this. Creating the entry can choose if this creating the entry can choose if this entry is something that should be bumped. Entry is something that should be bumped entry is something that should be bumped. Or something that is like you know or something that is like you know or something that is like you know. Short-lived so it should expire and then short-lived so it should expire and then. Short-lived so it should expire and then whenever you access that entry that whenever you access that entry that. whenever you access that entry that flag is stored in The Ledger entry and flag is stored in The Ledger entry and. Flag is stored in The Ledger entry and so the Access Auto bump is determined by so the Access Auto bump is determined by. So the Access Auto bump is determined by that initial create time flag and so I that initial create time flag and so I. That initial create time flag and so I think Auto bumps are optional but think Auto bumps are optional but. Think Auto bumps are optional but they're not optional by The Entity they're not optional by The Entity. They're not optional by The Entity that's accessing the entry they're that's accessing the entry they're. That's accessing the entry they're optional based on the entity that's optional based on the entity that's. Optional based on the entity that's creating the entry if that makes sense creating the entry if that makes sense. Creating the entry if that makes sense and so I think that makes the most sense and so I think that makes the most sense. And so I think that makes the most sense now another thing for temporary entries now another thing for temporary entries. Now another thing for temporary entries is because we now have this expiration is because we now have this expiration. Is because we now have this expiration Ledger I know before we kind of went Ledger I know before we kind of went. Ledger I know before we kind of went back and forth as to you know if we back and forth as to you know if we. Back and forth as to you know if we should have expert or temporary entries should have expert or temporary entries. Should have expert or temporary entries with like firm or exact with like firm or exact. With like firm or exact cut-offs or not or like that expire cut-offs or not or like that expire. cut-offs or not or like that expire on the exact Ledger entries and so I on the exact Ledger entries and so I. On the exact Ledger entries and so I think under this system think under this system. Think under this system now that we don't use rent balances now that we don't use rent balances. now that we don't use rent balances that should be very possible and easy to that should be very possible and easy to. That should be very possible and easy to do such that you can now use temporary do such that you can now use temporary. Do such that you can now use temporary entries for security features such that entries for security features such that. Entries for security features such that if you want an entry that lasts exactly if you want an entry that lasts exactly. If you want an entry that lasts exactly 100 ledgers what you would do is just 100 ledgers what you would do is just. 100 ledgers what you would do is just say make a temporary entry set the say make a temporary entry set the. Say make a temporary entry set the expiration ledger to you know or set expiration ledger to you know or set. Expiration ledger to you know or set the TTL to 100 and then set auto bump to the TTL to 100 and then set auto bump to. The TTL to 100 and then set auto bump to false false false now I think now I think. now I think we still need to actually I still we still need to actually I still. We still need to actually I still need to think about that a little bit need to think about that a little bit. Need to think about that a little bit more as to if we can because right more as to if we can because right. More as to if we can because right now we are allowing both temporary and now we are allowing both temporary, and now we are allowing both temporary and restorable entries to be bumped by restorable entries to be bumped by. Restorable entries to be bumped by anyone anytime and so I take back that anyone anytime and so I take back that. Anyone anytime and so I take back that said they still might not be appropriate said they still might not be appropriate. Said they still might not be appropriate for security uses out of the box for security uses out of the box. For security uses out of the box but so what I'm kind of envisioning but so what I'm kind of envisioning. but so what I'm kind of envisioning right now is the autobump flag and then right now is the autobump flag and then. Right now is the autobump flag and then in addition to the automatic bumps on in addition to the automatic bumps on. in addition to the automatic bumps on access which both temporary and access which both temporary and. Access which both temporary and restorable entries restorable entries restorable entries. have you can also still manually have you can also still manually have you can also still manually. Bump any entry both temporary and bump any entry both temporary and bump any entry both temporary and. Restorable restorable restorable via an operation and that operation via an operation and that operation. via an operation and that operation is similar to what was in rent balance is similar to what was in rent balance. Is similar to what was in rent balance but now you just specify the new but now you just specify the new. But now you just specify the new expiration Ledger and then my thinking expiration Ledger and then my thinking. Expiration Ledger and then my thinking is that whenever you bump or whenever is that whenever you bump or whenever. Is that whenever you bump or whenever you pay for more you can either you pay for more you can either. You pay for more you can either there's two options here sorry October were you saying something. October were you saying something no sorry no sorry no sorry oh so I think there's whenever you. Oh so I think there's whenever you oh so I think there's whenever you. Do a manual bump operation to extend the do a manual bump operation to extend the. Do a manual bump operation to extend the expiration Ledger there are two ways we expiration Ledger there are two ways we. Expiration Ledger there are two ways we could think about it first you could could think about it first you could. Could think about it first you could either be credited for the amount you've either be credited for the amount you've. Either be credited for the amount you've already paid and then view it as an already paid and then view it as an. Already paid and then view it as an extension so for instance say extension so for instance say. Extension so for instance say you know I have a ledger that's set you know I have a ledger that's set. you know I have a ledger that's set to expire in a year and I want to expire to expire in a year and I want to expire. To expire in a year and I want to expire it to expire in 18 months one potential it to expire in 18 months one potential. It to expire in 18 months one potential solution would be the rent bump solution would be the rent bump. solution would be the rent bump operation only charges you at the operation only charges you at the. Operation only charges you at the current market rate for six more months current market rate for six more months. Current market rate for six more months of rent it says hey there's already you of rent it says hey there's already you. Of rent it says hey there's already you know 12 months of rent here so we're know 12 months of rent here so we're. Know 12 months of rent here so we're only going to charge you for the only going to charge you for the. Only going to charge you for the additional six so the total comes out to additional six so the total comes out to. Additional six so the total comes out to 18 months that's option one now the 18 months that's option one now the. 18 months that's option one now the drawback to that option is again for drawback to that option is again for. Drawback to that option is again for that first 12 months you're locking in a that first 12 months you're locking in a. That first 12 months you're locking in a lower rate lower rate lower rate in that last six months is now at the. in that last six months is now at the in that last six months is now at the. Market rate so that's option one option market rate so that's option one option market rate so that's option one option. Two is that whenever you do a manual two is that whenever you do a manual two is that whenever you do a manual. Bump you don't count the previous bump you don't count the previous bump you don't count the previous. Balance and the previous balance is balance and the previous balance is balance and the previous balance is. Burned burned burned what this would be is that if you what this would be is that if you. what this would be is that if you know there's an entry that you want to know there's an entry that you want to. Know there's an entry that you want to live 18 months but it currently lives it live 18 months but it currently lives it. Live 18 months but it currently lives it currently has an expiration that's only currently has an expiration that's only. Currently has an expiration that's only 12 months in the future you have to pay 12 months in the future you have to pay. 12 months in the future you have to pay 18 months of rent at the current market 18 months of rent at the current market. 18 months of rent at the current market price and then the expiration Ledger is price and then the expiration Ledger is. Price and then the expiration Ledger is reset and that in this way essentially reset and that in this way essentially. Reset and that in this way essentially the 12 months that it was already there the 12 months that it was already there. The 12 months that it was already there is burned and you're charged for the is burned and you're charged for the. Is burned and you're charged for the entire 18 months of the market rate entire 18 months of the market rate. Entire 18 months of the market rate now the advantage to this now the advantage to this. Now the advantage to this is again I think for a Network Health is again I think for a Network Health. Is again I think for a Network Health perspective and to prevent capability we perspective and to prevent capability we. Perspective and to prevent capability we want to be charging as close to Market want to be charging as close to Market. Want to be charging as close to Market rates whenever we can and so in this rates whenever we can and so in this. Rates whenever we can and so in this system you always can be charging you system you always can be charging you. System you always can be charging you know the market rate however it's kind know the market rate however it's kind. Know the market rate however it's kind of a poor ux because you're burning this of a poor ux because you're burning this. Of a poor ux because you're burning this amount amount amount it seems that like in something like. it seems that like in something like it seems that like in something like this should be probably strictly. This should be probably strictly this should be probably strictly additive and so I guess as far as the. Additive and so I guess as far as the additive and so I guess as far as the the two interfaces are concerned what. The two interfaces are concerned what the two interfaces are concerned what are your thoughts as two manual rent. Are your thoughts as two manual rent are your thoughts as two manual rent bumps that was a lot I just want to go back. that was a lot I just want to go back to a point you made earlier quickly to a point you made earlier quickly. To a point you made earlier quickly about temporary entries so if I about temporary entries so if I. About temporary entries so if I understand correctly you are suggesting understand correctly you are suggesting. Understand correctly you are suggesting that the temporary entries if we do go that the temporary entries if we do go. That the temporary entries if we do go for Ledger expert for expiration for Ledger expert for expiration. For Ledger expert for expiration Ledger the the Ledger the the Ledger the the the contract should be the same that. the contract should be the same that the contract should be the same that is we're kind of like letting go of the. Is we're kind of like letting go of the is we're kind of like letting go of the whole. Whole whole short medium long terms and making it short medium long terms and making it. Short medium long terms and making it the exact same interface as restorable the exact same interface as restorable. The exact same interface as restorable Ledger entries Ledger entries Ledger entries. Yeah I think so now the one thing though yeah I think so now the one thing though. Yeah I think so now the one thing though is I initially said they were fit for is I initially said they were fit for. Is I initially said they were fit for security uses but then I caught myself security uses but then I caught myself. Security uses but then I caught myself because right now any user can bump any because right now any user can bump any. Because right now any user can bump any entry which means that even if you entry which means that even if you. Entry which means that even if you have say like a kyc entry that's only have say like a kyc entry that's only. Have say like a kyc entry that's only supposed to last 128 ledgers and you supposed to last 128 ledgers and you. Supposed to last 128 ledgers and you initially set its expiration alleged initially set its expiration alleged. Initially set its expiration alleged to be 128 ledgers in the future a to be 128 ledgers in the future a. To be 128 ledgers in the future a malicious user could bump that using the malicious user could bump that using the. Malicious user could bump that using the manual operation and so I think for manual operation and so I think for. Manual operation and so I think for security purposes security purposes security purposes. we still need to that still needs to we still need to that still needs to we still need to that still needs to. Be enforced at the contract level be enforced at the contract level be enforced at the contract level. Whereas like in this case the contract whereas like in this case the contract whereas like in this case the contract. Would need to embed their own like TTL would need to embed their own like TTL would need to embed their own like TTL. Inside the temporary entry inside the temporary entry inside the temporary entry just because you have this arbitrary. just because you have this arbitrary just because you have this arbitrary bump I mean I guess we could. Bump I mean I guess we could bump I mean I guess we could have a flag that's like no bump to. Have a flag that's like no bump to have a flag that's like no bump to Temporary entries. Temporary entries Temporary entries but that might be adding too many but that might be adding too many. but that might be adding too many flags at this point because the flags at this point because the. Flags at this point because the current interfaces anyone can bump current interfaces anyone can bump. Current interfaces anyone can bump anything okay thanks for answering that okay thanks for answering that. Question going back to Auto bumps for a question going back to Auto bumps for a question going back to Auto bumps for a. Second I do think you know I've been second I do think you know I've been second I do think you know I've been. Thinking about the the wallet and dap thinking about the the wallet and dap thinking about the the wallet and dap. Experience experience experience and what they need to think about in and what they need to think about in. and what they need to think about in terms of State expiration terms of State expiration. Terms of State expiration and it does seem like autobump doesn't and it does seem like autobump doesn't. And it does seem like autobump doesn't negate the need for wallets and dapps to negate the need for wallets and dapps to. Negate the need for wallets and dapps to actually be attentive to The Ledger actually be attentive to The Ledger. Actually be attentive to The Ledger expiration times and to and to act on expiration times and to and to act on. Expiration times and to and to act on that either that either that either either by like suggesting the user to. either by like suggesting the user to either by like suggesting the user to. Do like a manual bump or to initiate a do like a manual bump or to initiate a do like a manual bump or to initiate a. Manual bump so it it does seem like Auto manual bump so it it does seem like Auto. Manual bump so it it does seem like Auto bump bump bump has this like implicit Behavior to it in. Has this like implicit Behavior to it in has this like implicit Behavior to it in. Which we're like extending Ledger which we're like extending Ledger which we're like extending Ledger . Entry expression times but it doesn't entry expression times but it doesn't entry expression times but it doesn't. Actually actually actually it like adds complexity to the system it like adds complexity to the system. It like adds complexity to the system but it doesn't actually remove but it doesn't actually remove. But it doesn't actually remove complexity from the implementation of complexity from the implementation of. Complexity from the implementation of of like products it makes things a bit of like products it makes things a bit. Of like products it makes things a bit less less less expected and predictable expected and predictable. Expected and predictable so I think so I think so I think yeah go ahead well I think the the. Yeah go ahead well I think the the yeah go ahead well I think the the auto bumps serve a very specific purpose. Auto bumps serve a very specific purpose auto bumps serve a very specific purpose. Or at least they were initially designed or at least they were initially designed. Or at least they were initially designed to serve a specific purpose and this is to serve a specific purpose and this is. To serve a specific purpose and this is the shared state so from your example the shared state so from your example. The shared state so from your example like like a Dap or like a wallet like like a Dap or like a wallet. Like like a Dap or like a wallet right right right this is not a good example for. this is not a good example for this is not a good example for auto bumps because you have a particular. Auto bumps because you have a particular auto bumps because you have a particular. Balance entry that you care about and no balance entry that you care about and no. Balance entry that you care about and no one else really cares about and so for a. One else really cares about and so for a one else really cares about and so for a. Wallet perspective wallet perspective wallet perspective say you want your wallet to live for. say you want your wallet to live for say you want your wallet to live for one year the correct answer is not just. One year the correct answer is not just one year the correct answer is not just to keep you balancing it with via Smart. To keep you balancing it with via Smart to keep you balancing it with via Smart contract so you Auto bump it or rather. Contract so you Auto bump it or rather contract so you Auto bump it or rather just to do a manual operation and then. Just to do a manual operation and then just to do a manual operation and then to bump that by a year the use case for. To bump that by a year the use case for to bump that by a year the use case for autobums is more for contract instances. Autobums is more for contract instances autobums is more for contract instances and contract wasm particularly wasm is a. And contract wasm particularly wasm is a and contract wasm particularly wasm is a. Difficult one because you can have a difficult one because you can have a difficult one because you can have a. Single wazzin blob that many different single wazzin blob that many different single wazzin blob that many different. Contract instances use and the question contract instances use and the question contract instances use and the question. Is who pays for that was and blob and so is who pays for that was and blob and so. Is who pays for that was and blob and so essentially by having like this Auto essentially by having like this Auto. Essentially by having like this Auto bump feature that every user who touches bump feature that every user who touches. Bump feature that every user who touches it is required to pay a little bit it is required to pay a little bit . It is required to pay a little bit and you can essentially like share the and you can essentially like share the. And you can essentially like share the cost of you know this contract and this cost of you know this contract and this. Cost of you know this contract and this contract instance or this contract code contract instance or this contract code. Contract instance or this contract code in this contract instance among all the in this contract instance among all the. In this contract instance among all the users who are using it and so I think users who are using it and so I think. Users who are using it and so I think the other bump feature was specifically the other bump feature was specifically. The other bump feature was specifically for these kind of shared resources for these kind of shared resources. for these kind of shared resources that there is no clear owner that there is no clear owner. That there is no clear owner for instance like usdc it'd be kind for instance like usdc it'd be kind. for instance like usdc it'd be kind of a crappy interface if you know 10 000 of a crappy interface if you know 10 000. Of a crappy interface if you know 10 000 people used it a day but there was no people used it a day but there was no. People used it a day but there was no Auto bump and then the 10 000 in first Auto bump and then the 10 000 in first. Auto bump and then the 10 000 in first person had to go pay rent because it got person had to go pay rent because it got. Person had to go pay rent because it got archived or something and he was just archived or something and he was just. Archived or something and he was just the or they were just the The Unlucky the or they were just the The Unlucky. The or they were just the The Unlucky user that drawed the Short Straw and so user that drawed the Short Straw and so. User that drawed the Short Straw and so I think there definitely still is a I think there definitely still is a. I think there definitely still is a pretty strong use case for auto bumps pretty strong use case for auto bumps. Pretty strong use case for auto bumps for these sort of different entry types for these sort of different entry types. For these sort of different entry types but I agree for something like a but I agree for something like a. but I agree for something like a adapter a wallet you would still need adapter a wallet you would still need. Adapter a wallet you would still need you know this manual operation in you know this manual operation in. You know this manual operation in addition to audit bumps oh oh would you recommend a ledger entry that. Would you recommend a ledger entry that would you recommend a ledger entry that is a user specific like a balance or an. Is a user specific like a balance or an is a user specific like a balance or an LP position. LP position LP position to be Auto bumpable or not Auto bumpable I mean I mean . I think it just depends on the contract I think it just depends on the contract I think it just depends on the contract. Implementation I don't think it needs to implementation I don't think it needs to. Implementation I don't think it needs to be Auto bumpable the same way that be Auto bumpable the same way that. Be Auto bumpable the same way that contract instances and stuff do contract instances and stuff do. Contract instances and stuff do but I don't see like a downside I think but I don't see like a downside I think. But I don't see like a downside I think the general thinking is the general thinking is. The general thinking is the the kind of design model I had in the the kind of design model I had in. the the kind of design model I had in my head is that extending a lifetime my head is that extending a lifetime. My head is that extending a lifetime should never be negative should never be negative. Should never be negative that like this is why it's not good that like this is why it's not good. that like this is why it's not good for security cases because anyone can for security cases because anyone can. For security cases because anyone can extend any lifetime such that it should extend any lifetime such that it should. Extend any lifetime such that it should always be a positive action it cannot always be a positive action it cannot. Always be a positive action it cannot be a negative action be a negative action. Be a negative action and so I think and so I think and so I think you know I think there was talks last. you know I think there was talks last you know I think there was talks last. Time of exposing an Autobahn flag and time of exposing an Autobahn flag and. Time of exposing an Autobahn flag and I think this probably makes the most I think this probably makes the most. I think this probably makes the most sense that you know contract instances sense that you know contract instances. Sense that you know contract instances and contract wise in code and contract wise in code. And contract wise in code you don't have this option whenever you don't have this option whenever. you don't have this option whenever you deploy it it has it must be Auto you deploy it it has it must be Auto. You deploy it it has it must be Auto bumped but then for any other key you bumped but then for any other key you. Bumped but then for any other key you create I think you probably just give create I think you probably just give. Create I think you probably just give the option too or or should we just the option too or or should we just. The option too or or should we just because there's also like I mean you because there's also like I mean you. Because there's also like I mean you could also say that the contract could also say that the contract. Could also say that the contract instances and contract code are Auto instances and contract code are Auto. Instances and contract code are Auto bumped and nothing else is but then you bumped and nothing else is but then you. Bumped and nothing else is but then you can kind of get into this sticky can kind of get into this sticky. Can kind of get into this sticky situation where there are still contract situation where there are still contract. Situation where there are still contract types that have shared States so for types that have shared States so for. Types that have shared States so for instance if you can think like a a instance if you can think like a a. Instance if you can think like a a like a DEX right and there's like like a DEX right and there's like. Like a DEX right and there's like this asset pair that start as an this asset pair that start as an. This asset pair that start as an entry and many different people are like entry and many different people are like. Entry and many different people are like viewing or trading that asset pair you viewing or trading that asset pair you. Viewing or trading that asset pair you wouldn't want one individual to be stuck wouldn't want one individual to be stuck. Wouldn't want one individual to be stuck with the bill and so I think that there with the bill and so I think that there. With the bill and so I think that there are still I still think Auto bump is a are still I still think Auto bump is a. Are still I still think Auto bump is a powerful primitive and I think it should powerful primitive and I think it should. Powerful primitive and I think it should probably be enabled by default just probably be enabled by default just. Probably be enabled by default just because it's the safest route because it's the safest route. Because it's the safest route but I think you know having a but I think you know having a. but I think you know having a option to turn it off especially for option to turn it off especially for. Option to turn it off especially for personal State like balances is probably personal State like balances is probably. Personal State like balances is probably a good idea and so now that I've a good idea and so now that I've. A good idea and so now that I've talked for a little bit I think the talked for a little bit I think the. Talked for a little bit I think the answer your question I would probably answer your question I would probably. Answer your question I would probably say for something like a token balance I say for something like a token balance I. Say for something like a token balance I would probably say no to the auto bump would probably say no to the auto bump. Would probably say no to the auto bump Behavior just because it's something Behavior just because it's something. Behavior just because it's something that will probably like the lifetime of that will probably like the lifetime of. That will probably like the lifetime of which will be explicitly managed by a which will be explicitly managed by a. Which will be explicitly managed by a wallet because I agree it's kind of needed. Because I agree it's kind of needed the one thing that maybe like I'm the one thing that maybe like I'm. The one thing that maybe like I'm thinking about there is that thinking about there is that. Thinking about there is that so for the first version we can do you so for the first version we can do you. So for the first version we can do you know something like that right like I know something like that right like I. Know something like that right like I would imagine that maybe would imagine that maybe. Would imagine that maybe in the future we would want to have like in the future we would want to have like. In the future we would want to have like maybe something that maybe something that. Maybe something that that kind of Auto Tunes over time that kind of Auto Tunes over time. That kind of Auto Tunes over time because like in the example of like the because like in the example of like the. Because like in the example of like the you have like a very you know active. You have like a very you know active you have like a very you know active contract the wazam is basically going to. Contract the wazam is basically going to contract the wazam is basically going to. Be used multiple times per Ledger be used multiple times per Ledger be used multiple times per Ledger. And you end up with really reaching your and you end up with really reaching your. And you end up with really reaching your limit fairly quickly and then when limit fairly quickly and then when. Limit fairly quickly and then when the limit is reach you actually are the limit is reach you actually are. The limit is reach you actually are backed into that situation where backed into that situation where. Backed into that situation where you know some users are going to bump you know some users are going to bump. you know some users are going to bump some are not going to bump some are not going to bump. Some are not going to bump like basically the first one in The like basically the first one in The. like basically the first one in The Ledger all right and the bumping Ledger all right and the bumping. Ledger all right and the bumping and then and then and then yeah and that and also like the if. Yeah and that and also like the if yeah and that and also like the if the what if the blob is is fairly large. maybe that auto bump on the ends up maybe that auto bump on the ends up adding quite a bit of cost to each . Adding quite a bit of cost to each adding quite a bit of cost to each . Individual transaction individual transaction individual transaction if it's you know bumping like for a good. If it's you know bumping like for a good if it's you know bumping like for a good. Number of Legends let's say you know 100 number of Legends let's say you know 100. Number of Legends let's say you know 100 ledgers or something ledgers or something. Ledgers or something to keep in mind Garen there is a question about the Garen there is a question about the. Mechanics of Autobahn from Paul can you mechanics of Autobahn from Paul can you mechanics of Autobahn from Paul can you. expand a bit on when does Auto bump expand a bit on when does Auto bump expand a bit on when does Auto bump. Actually occur actually occur actually occur yeah so the current strategy is that. Yeah so the current strategy is that yeah so the current strategy is that autobump occurs on all access which is. Autobump occurs on all access which is autobump occurs on all access which is both read and write access. Both read and write access both read and write access how this works under the hood is that. How this works under the hood is that how this works under the hood is that you know in addition to having the. you know in addition to having the you know in addition to having the expiration Ledger stored in The Ledger. Expiration Ledger stored in The Ledger expiration Ledger stored in The Ledger entry we also have like this kind of. Entry we also have like this kind of entry we also have like this kind of shell entry type. Shell entry type shell entry type that is used for read-only Access so that is used for read-only Access so. that is used for read-only Access so for instance like for your wasin blob for instance like for your wasin blob . For instance like for your wasin blob they're only access read only and they're only access read only and. They're only access read only and essentially to modify a ledger entry in essentially to modify a ledger entry in. Essentially to modify a ledger entry in The Bucket List you have to rewrite the The Bucket List you have to rewrite the. The Bucket List you have to rewrite the entire entry at the top level bucket entire entry at the top level bucket. Entire entry at the top level bucket and so if we were to modify the you and so if we were to modify the you. And so if we were to modify the you know the entry or the the expiration know the entry or the the expiration. Know the entry or the the expiration Ledger directly in The Ledger entry Ledger directly in The Ledger entry. Ledger directly in The Ledger entry you'd have to rewrite the entire wasin you'd have to rewrite the entire wasin. You'd have to rewrite the entire wasin blob and So to avoid this we have like blob and So to avoid this we have like. Blob and So to avoid this we have like this kind of shim entry type which is this kind of shim entry type which is. This kind of shim entry type which is just an expiration Ledger extension and just an expiration Ledger extension and. Just an expiration Ledger extension and so this entry is very small it's so this entry is very small it's. So this entry is very small it's literally just a key and then the new literally just a key and then the new. Literally just a key and then the new expiration Ledger and so we use this expiration Ledger and so we use this. Expiration Ledger and so we use this entry type entry type entry type whenever we want to bump a read-only. whenever we want to bump a read-only whenever we want to bump a read-only entry and so in the wasm use case even. Entry and so in the wasm use case even entry and so in the wasm use case even though you're only reading the wasm. Though you're only reading the wasm though you're only reading the wasm because we are Auto bumping you do. because we are Auto bumping you do because we are Auto bumping you do have to do a small write but that right. Have to do a small write but that right have to do a small write but that right is very small it's the minimal size. Is very small it's the minimal size is very small it's the minimal size right you can do and so we are. Right you can do and so we are right you can do and so we are implicitly turning every read into a. Implicitly turning every read into a implicitly turning every read into a read write. Read write read write but we're not rewriting the entire but we're not rewriting the entire. but we're not rewriting the entire entry we're reading the entire entry and entry we're reading the entire entry and. Entry we're reading the entire entry and then writing a very small entry with the. Then writing a very small entry with the then writing a very small entry with the. New expiration Ledger and so under the new expiration Ledger and so under the new expiration Ledger and so under the. Hood that's how we implement it hood that's how we implement it hood that's how we implement it. Efficiently efficiently efficiently rent bumps for both reads and writes so so. I do want to touch on something that you I do want to touch on something that you. I do want to touch on something that you mentioned before which is the question mentioned before which is the question. Mentioned before which is the question of with should bumping of with should bumping. Of with should bumping like pumping in general should that like pumping in general should that. like pumping in general should that be a flag it does feel like you know be a flag it does feel like you know. Be a flag it does feel like you know last week we talked a bit about last week we talked a bit about. Last week we talked a bit about you know very various Oracle usage you know very various Oracle usage. You know very various Oracle usage patterns and you know we got to patterns and you know we got to. Patterns and you know we got to inclusion where sometimes the contract inclusion where sometimes the contract. Inclusion where sometimes the contract developer would want to limit or give an developer would want to limit or give an. Developer would want to limit or give an upper boundary to when a ledger entry upper boundary to when a ledger entry. Upper boundary to when a ledger entry should exist should exist should exist and . And and making it non-bumpable is a very kind of making it non-bumpable is a very kind of. Making it non-bumpable is a very kind of like easy way to do that like easy way to do that. Like easy way to do that the question is like does that the question is like does that. the question is like does that over complex the system over complex the system. over complex the system well so I guess we have we have two well so I guess we have we have two. Well so I guess we have we have two different questions here different questions here. Different questions here I think we have the question of do we I think we have the question of do we. I think we have the question of do we want to want to want to does the entry. does the entry does the entry Auto bump and then does the entry Auto bump and then does the entry. Auto bump and then does the entry allow bumps allow bumps allow bumps and so I think from an implementation. and so I think from an implementation and so I think from an implementation. Standpoint these would be very easy to standpoint these would be very easy to standpoint these would be very easy to. Implement implement implement we could just you know thrown a Flags we could just you know thrown a Flags. we could just you know thrown a Flags field on The Ledger entry field on The Ledger entry. Field on The Ledger entry and Define a couple of flags I think and Define a couple of flags I think. and Define a couple of flags I think the question is the question is the question is. Is this you know making the user is this you know making the user is this you know making the user. Experience too complex experience too complex experience too complex and so what this would look like is I. And so what this would look like is I and so what this would look like is I think. Think think this would only be explicable to this would only be explicable to. This would only be explicable to Temporary entries I think Temporary entries I think. Temporary entries I think or Okay so let's talk about the or Okay so let's talk about the. or Okay so let's talk about the Autobahn flag first I think the Autobahn Autobahn flag first I think the Autobahn. Autobahn flag first I think the Autobahn flag flag flag whether or not this item is auto. whether or not this item is auto whether or not this item is auto bumped on access it could be an optional. Bumped on access it could be an optional bumped on access it could be an optional. Flag for both temporary and restorable flag for both temporary and restorable flag for both temporary and restorable. Entries but I think it should be entries but I think it should be entries but I think it should be. Strictly enforced for contract wasm and strictly enforced for contract wasm and strictly enforced for contract wasm and. Contract instances now for the should contract instances now for the should. Contract instances now for the should you allow bumps at all I think we could you allow bumps at all I think we could. You allow bumps at all I think we could allow that flag but that flag could only allow that flag but that flag could only. Allow that flag but that flag could only be used for temporary entries be used for temporary entries. Be used for temporary entries and so this would be the use case and so this would be the use case. and so this would be the use case where you either have like a security where you either have like a security. Where you either have like a security use case use case use case where you want this to do exactly. where you want this to do exactly where you want this to do exactly some number of ledgers or the Oracle use. Some number of ledgers or the Oracle use some number of ledgers or the Oracle use. Case where the thing is only valid for case where the thing is only valid for case where the thing is only valid for. Five minutes or whatever and then if you five minutes or whatever and then if you. Five minutes or whatever and then if you set this flag then this entry would not set this flag then this entry would not. Set this flag then this entry would not receive Auto bumps and it would also not receive Auto bumps and it would also not. Receive Auto bumps and it would also not be bumpable by the manual operation and be bumpable by the manual operation and. Be bumpable by the manual operation and if you tried to bump it it would just if you tried to bump it it would just. If you tried to bump it it would just fail or Panic or something like that now fail or Panic or something like that now. Fail or Panic or something like that now you would only want this black on you would only want this black on. You would only want this black on temporary entries because restorable temporary entries because restorable. Temporary entries because restorable entries and unique entries should always entries and unique entries should always. Entries and unique entries should always be bumpable be bumpable be bumpable they they don't necessarily need to. they they don't necessarily need to they they don't necessarily need to always have Auto bombs but they should. Always have Auto bombs but they should always have Auto bombs but they should always be bumpable just because they are. Always be bumpable just because they are always be bumpable just because they are. Important information that needs to be important information that needs to be important information that needs to be. Saved which is why they are subject to saved which is why they are subject to saved which is why they are subject to. Being sent to the state expiration node being sent to the state expiration node being sent to the state expiration node. When they expired and so just because when they expired and so just because when they expired and so just because. the design parameter for this entry the design parameter for this entry the design parameter for this entry. Is that it's supposed to be important is that it's supposed to be important is that it's supposed to be important. Live State live State live State there should be no use cases where there should be no use cases where. there should be no use cases where you wouldn't want to bump or wouldn't you wouldn't want to bump or wouldn't. You wouldn't want to bump or wouldn't want to allow a unique or restorable want to allow a unique or restorable. Want to allow a unique or restorable entry to be bumpable and so I think that entry to be bumpable and so I think that. Entry to be bumpable and so I think that is the the most technically complete is the the most technically complete. Is the the most technically complete kind of interface kind of interface kind of interface. it's very you know feasible from a it's very you know feasible from a it's very you know feasible from a. Core perspective the only question is if core perspective the only question is if. Core perspective the only question is if that's too much complexity at the end that's too much complexity at the end. That's too much complexity at the end user I think that as you described this I think that as you described this. If it creates more Divergence between If it creates more Divergence between. If it creates more Divergence between temporary entries and restorable entries. Temporary entries and restorable entries temporary entries and restorable entries. Then then then probably for the sake of Simplicity I probably for the sake of Simplicity I. Probably for the sake of Simplicity I say we shouldn't include it especially say we shouldn't include it especially. Say we shouldn't include it especially because this is something that the because this is something that the. Because this is something that the contract developer can program for in contract developer can program for in. Contract developer can program for in their contract their contract their contract. I will say if we if we go this route and I will say if we if we go this route and. I will say if we if we go this route and say if we I think so so if I'm say if we I think so so if I'm. Say if we I think so so if I'm understanding it correctly we don't want understanding it correctly we don't want. Understanding it correctly we don't want Divergence and so we'd have an autobump Divergence and so we'd have an autobump. Divergence and so we'd have an autobump flag flag flag true false but we would not have the. true false but we would not have the true false but we would not have the no bump flag I think if we go this route. No bump flag I think if we go this route no bump flag I think if we go this route. We need to be very clear in our we need to be very clear in our we need to be very clear in our. Documentation that the expiration Ledger documentation that the expiration Ledger. Documentation that the expiration Ledger is not absolute is not absolute is not absolute. because if you know have like a because if you know have like a because if you know have like a. Temporary entry self-delink entry and temporary entry self-delink entry and temporary entry self-delink entry and. Then there's a field called expiration then there's a field called expiration then there's a field called expiration. Ledger it's a reasonable assumption that Ledger it's a reasonable assumption that. Ledger it's a reasonable assumption that The Ledger would be deleted immediately The Ledger would be deleted immediately. The Ledger would be deleted immediately after that ledger and if we don't have after that ledger and if we don't have. After that ledger and if we don't have this no bump flag that's not the case this no bump flag that's not the case. This no bump flag that's not the case because a malicious user could you know because a malicious user could you know. Because a malicious user could you know invoke the operation and bump any invoke the operation and bump any. Invoke the operation and bump any temporary entry even if autobump is temporary entry even if autobump is. Temporary entry even if autobump is disabled and so you know I think disabled and so you know I think. Disabled and so you know I think that's a fine interface decision to make that's a fine interface decision to make. That's a fine interface decision to make that all entries are bumpable but I that all entries are bumpable but I. That all entries are bumpable but I think we need to make that very clear think we need to make that very clear. Think we need to make that very clear just from a ux perspective so that we just from a ux perspective so that we. just from a ux perspective so that we don't have security issues with don't have security issues with. Don't have security issues with temporary entries being used improperly any questions or comments on this . Any questions or comments on this what do people think about what do people think about. What do people think about should we have the bump bumpable flag I'm just going to type a big thing but I. I'm just going to type a big thing but I could actually say it could actually say it. Could actually say it I think I would vote for having I think I would vote for having. I think I would vote for having not having an Autobahn flag not having an Autobahn flag. Not having an Autobahn flag if possible just having a fewer if possible just having a fewer. If possible just having a fewer configuration options for the different configuration options for the different. Configuration options for the different types of storage like there's two types of storage like there's two. Types of storage like there's two different types of storage and they act different types of storage and they act. Different types of storage and they act differently I think that's fine to differently I think that's fine to. Differently I think that's fine to explain and understand explain and understand explain and understand. But if you have to say okay there's but if you have to say okay there's but if you have to say okay there's. Restorable entries and there's temporary restorable entries and there's temporary. Restorable entries and there's temporary entries and they act in this way unless entries and they act in this way unless. Entries and they act in this way unless you enable auto bump on them and then you enable auto bump on them and then. You enable auto bump on them and then restore volunteers like you know what I restore volunteers like you know what I. Restore volunteers like you know what I mean there's like four different mean there's like four different. Mean there's like four different configurations Now versus just two configurations Now versus just two. Configurations Now versus just two so Paul are you talking about the so Paul are you talking about the. So Paul are you talking about the bumpable flag or the auto bumpable flag bumpable flag or the auto bumpable flag. Bumpable flag or the auto bumpable flag sorry yes sorry pumpable okay yeah I think that makes sense to me it's. Yeah I think that makes sense to me it's just not everything is bumped just not everything is bumped. Just not everything is bumped but just so I understand are we still but just so I understand are we still. but just so I understand are we still interested in the Autobahn flag or do. interested in the Autobahn flag or do interested in the Autobahn flag or do. We also want to Nick say that and just we also want to Nick say that and just we also want to Nick say that and just. Say everything I bumps as well I definitely don't think that everything I definitely don't think that everything. Should be Auto bumpable by default should be Auto bumpable by default should be Auto bumpable by default. yeah it does sound like for from a yeah it does sound like for from a completeness perspective having both of. Completeness perspective having both of completeness perspective having both of these flags kind of like covers. These flags kind of like covers these flags kind of like covers most use cases. I mean one thing we can do is I mean one thing we can do is just like if we don't want to expose the. Just like if we don't want to expose the just like if we don't want to expose the. Bumpable flag now we can just Define it bumpable flag now we can just Define it bumpable flag now we can just Define it. In the xdr and defined in core just not in the xdr and defined in core just not in the xdr and defined in core just not. Exposing the SDK exposing the SDK exposing the SDK and then turn that on V2 if we want. and then turn that on V2 if we want and then turn that on V2 if we want to you know have a more complicated ux. To you know have a more complicated ux to you know have a more complicated ux Matrix for storage. Matrix for storage Matrix for storage that would at least give us future that would at least give us future. that would at least give us future proofing or like I think actually if we proofing or like I think actually if we. Proofing or like I think actually if we just just just if if we were defining Auto bump anyway. If if we were defining Auto bump anyway if if we were defining Auto bump anyway then we need to have a Flags field. then we need to have a Flags field then we need to have a Flags field for the album flag and so we can easily. For the album flag and so we can easily for the album flag and so we can easily extend it later. Extend it later extend it later and so I think you know the bumpable and so I think you know the bumpable. and so I think you know the bumpable versus no bumpable that could be a V2 versus no bumpable that could be a V2. Versus no bumpable that could be a V2 feature feature feature but I think unless there's like a. but I think unless there's like a but I think unless there's like a strong strong one for it now we can just. Strong strong one for it now we can just strong strong one for it now we can just. Leave that off for now and just have the leave that off for now and just have the. Leave that off for now and just have the autobump flag I'm not sure that the Autobahn really. I'm not sure that the Autobahn really benefit the network benefit the network benefit the network. It might benefit the ease of use but not it might benefit the ease of use but not. It might benefit the ease of use but not necessarily the network itself right sure I guess the you are having more. Sure I guess the you are having more more IO churn for sure more IO churn for sure. More IO churn for sure I guess the there didn't seem to be a I guess the there didn't seem to be a. I guess the there didn't seem to be a great solution for the contract instance. Great solution for the contract instance great solution for the contract instance. And contract was in the case without and contract was in the case without and contract was in the case without. Autobahn so I think you know it for it Autobahn so I think you know it for it Autobahn so I think you know it for it. Might be useful to say maybe like might be useful to say maybe like might be useful to say maybe like . I think those two entries need something I think those two entries need something. I think those two entries need something like Auto bump or need some way of like Auto bump or need some way of. Like Auto bump or need some way of essentially like automatically or essentially like automatically or. Essentially like automatically or pooling rent together in some way pooling rent together in some way. Pooling rent together in some way because that was kind of the the the because that was kind of the the the. Because that was kind of the the the thing we were trying to think about with thing we were trying to think about with. Thing we were trying to think about with the contract wasm is okay you have like the contract wasm is okay you have like. The contract wasm is okay you have like four or five different instances that four or five different instances that. Four or five different instances that all have the same was and back end how all have the same was and back end how. All have the same was and back end how do you equitably and equally share the do you equitably and equally share the. Do you equitably and equally share the load when it comes to expiration ledgers I think that my my the direction that. I think that my my the direction that I'm thinking about is that if someone I'm thinking about is that if someone. I'm thinking about is that if someone was uploading a contract was uploading a contract. Was uploading a contract I want to see his hotels involvement in I want to see his hotels involvement in. I want to see his hotels involvement in the future on maintaining that the future on maintaining that. The future on maintaining that and not so much on leaving it and and not so much on leaving it and. And not so much on leaving it and assuming that it will be funded by assuming that it will be funded by. Assuming that it will be funded by someone else like I want to see like a activity. Like I want to see like a activity right on that contract from the owner right on that contract from the owner. Right on that contract from the owner and not by someone else that might be and not by someone else that might be. And not by someone else that might be inherently using it inherently using it inherently using it. Oh fishes that contracts don't have an oh fishes that contracts don't have an oh fishes that contracts don't have an. Owner like who doesn't can be reported owner like who doesn't can be reported owner like who doesn't can be reported. By anyone and you pay anyone by anyone and you pay anyone by anyone and you pay anyone. So you know if you have a the creditable so you know if you have a the creditable. So you know if you have a the creditable implementation that people are using implementation that people are using. Implementation that people are using there is no clear owner yes someone there is no clear owner yes someone. there is no clear owner yes someone might have written in the code but might have written in the code but. Might have written in the code but anyone can deploy it and anyone can deploy it and. Anyone can deploy it and yeah it's kind of hard to track to yeah it's kind of hard to track to. Yeah it's kind of hard to track to anyone and demand you know maintenance anyone and demand you know maintenance. Anyone and demand you know maintenance from someone from someone from someone I mean you could expect it but it's. I mean you could expect it but it's I mean you could expect it but it's like the Canada universally demand this. Like the Canada universally demand this like the Canada universally demand this yeah I feel like there's kind of the the. Yeah I feel like there's kind of the the yeah I feel like there's kind of the the. Concept of like a library contract is concept of like a library contract is concept of like a library contract is. Definitely a big thing on ethereum and definitely a big thing on ethereum and definitely a big thing on ethereum and. So it feels like an unfair expectation so it feels like an unfair expectation so it feels like an unfair expectation. To write something like a like a Dap to write something like a like a Dap to write something like a like a Dap. Implementation that has you know that's implementation that has you know that's implementation that has you know that's. That's more of a library function and that's more of a library function and that's more of a library function and. Expect the library owner to be the sole expect the library owner to be the sole expect the library owner to be the sole. Payer for that even though other payer for that even though other payer for that even though other. Contract instances are using that contract instances are using that contract instances are using that. Wiseman making money off the wasm it Wiseman making money off the wasm it Wiseman making money off the wasm it. Just seems weird that if five you know just seems weird that if five you know just seems weird that if five you know. Different contract instances are using different contract instances are using different contract instances are using. And profiting of wasm that only the you and profiting of wasm that only the you and profiting of wasm that only the you. Know entity that originally deployed the know entity that originally deployed the. Know entity that originally deployed the wasm should be on the hook for paying wasm should be on the hook for paying. Wasm should be on the hook for paying for it so I would argue that if someone is so I would argue that if someone is. Using something for free using something for free using something for free then he shouldn't. Then he shouldn't then he shouldn't instead you should either pay the author instead you should either pay the author. Instead you should either pay the author right and generate money right out of right and generate money right out of. Right and generate money right out of that right or basically copy it in from that right or basically copy it in from. That right or basically copy it in from now on he would be the owner of that now on he would be the owner of that. Now on he would be the owner of that piece piece piece what do you mean by copy though I feel. What do you mean by copy though I feel what do you mean by copy though I feel like that's why it works for Network. Like that's why it works for Network like that's why it works for Network perspective because now you have like. Perspective because now you have like perspective because now you have like five identical copies of the same ones. Five identical copies of the same ones five identical copies of the same ones yeah the current design is exclusively. Yeah the current design is exclusively yeah the current design is exclusively like encouraging sharing the code. Like encouraging sharing the code like encouraging sharing the code because we don't want to store it . Because we don't want to store it because we don't want to store it tens or hundreds of duplicate version. Tens or hundreds of duplicate version tens or hundreds of duplicate version drops because it's the biggest lecture. Drops because it's the biggest lecture drops because it's the biggest lecture entries by far so you don't want to. Entries by far so you don't want to entries by far so you don't want to encourage code to paste and you know. Encourage code to paste and you know encourage code to paste and you know fragment system or anything and. Fragment system or anything and fragment system or anything and again wait again wait. Again wait I think I went around here but in dth I think I went around here but in dth. I think I went around here but in dth for all like a lot of the things I for all like a lot of the things I. For all like a lot of the things I implemented by proxy patterns and Stuff implemented by proxy patterns and Stuff. Implemented by proxy patterns and Stuff Etc again a lot of instances are Etc again a lot of instances are. Etc again a lot of instances are referring to say another single contract referring to say another single contract. Referring to say another single contract instance and instance and instance and you know you do not deploy your own like. You know you do not deploy your own like you know you do not deploy your own like. Copy of unislove and you do not maintain copy of unislove and you do not maintain. Copy of unislove and you do not maintain it instead of it you can just refer to a. It instead of it you can just refer to a it instead of it you can just refer to a. Proxied instance of unisol that is yes proxied instance of unisol that is yes proxied instance of unisol that is yes. Getting updated by someone probably but getting updated by someone probably but getting updated by someone probably but. I don't think it's fair to say that a Do I don't think it's fair to say that a Do. I don't think it's fair to say that a Do Your Own Thing Your Own Thing Your Own Thing. I know I would be happy to see some I know I would be happy to see some incentive model Incorporated here in is. Incentive model Incorporated here in is incentive model Incorporated here in is part of that but you know maybe that's. Part of that but you know maybe that's part of that but you know maybe that's something that we need to you know like. Something that we need to you know like something that we need to you know like think separately of the. Think separately of the think separately of the countries yeah I think we we should allow the we. Yeah I think we we should allow the we should allow contracts to be detached should allow contracts to be detached. Should allow contracts to be detached from a concept of an owner from a concept of an owner . From a concept of an owner you know for for a lot of legal reasons you know for for a lot of legal reasons. You know for for a lot of legal reasons this is better for some contracts you this is better for some contracts you. This is better for some contracts you know like the uni swap contracts are not know like the uni swap contracts are not. Know like the uni swap contracts are not upgradable they don't have an owner upgradable they don't have an owner . Upgradable they don't have an owner and and that's the way they want it like and and that's the way they want it like. And and that's the way they want it like it exists like that for a reason right it exists like that for a reason right. It exists like that for a reason right so I don't think we should we should so I don't think we should we should. so I don't think we should we should kind of like own over emphasize this kind of like own over emphasize this. Kind of like own over emphasize this concept of an owner Aaron do you think it would be. Aaron do you think it would be reasonable to constrain Auto bump to reasonable to constrain Auto bump to. Reasonable to constrain Auto bump to these entries which are the ones which these entries which are the ones which. These entries which are the ones which are going to benefit from the most so are going to benefit from the most so. Are going to benefit from the most so not all ledger entry is not contract not all ledger entry is not contract. Not all ledger entry is not contract data data data but just the contract code and the. But just the contract code and the but just the contract code and the contract instances. Contract instances contract instances yeah I think contract code contract yeah I think contract code contract. Yeah I think contract code contract instances for sure instances for sure instances for sure. but I think there's also the reason but I think there's also the reason but I think there's also the reason. Why I wanted to Define autobump is I why I wanted to Define autobump is I why I wanted to Define autobump is I. Think there's also think there's also think there's also areas where contract data should be Auto. Areas where contract data should be Auto areas where contract data should be Auto. Bumped bumped bumped so like for instance like if you have a so like for instance like if you have a. So like for instance like if you have a tax tax tax and then there are like entries on. and then there are like entries on and then there are like entries on the Decks that many users of the Dex use. The Decks that many users of the Dex use the Decks that many users of the Dex use. the Audubon feature is kind of just the Audubon feature is kind of just the Audubon feature is kind of just. So that these entries are kind of like so that these entries are kind of like so that these entries are kind of like. Paid for by all users instead of you paid for by all users instead of you paid for by all users instead of you. Know one unlucky user so I think know one unlucky user so I think know one unlucky user so I think. I think there's still there are I think there's still there are I think there's still there are. Definitely use cases where you'd want definitely use cases where you'd want definitely use cases where you'd want. Something like an autobump primitive for something like an autobump primitive for. Something like an autobump primitive for contract data contract data contract data. however I could definitely see a use however I could definitely see a use however I could definitely see a use. Case where this is not the default as a case where this is not the default as a case where this is not the default as a. Flag where contract instances and flag where contract instances and flag where contract instances and. Contract wasm receive bumps contract wasm receive bumps contract wasm receive bumps. by requirement and then data defaults by requirement and then data defaults. by requirement and then data defaults to false but you can turn it on if you to false but you can turn it on if you. To false but you can turn it on if you want want want because I still think there are. Because I still think there are because I still think there are definitely use cases where you'd want. Definitely use cases where you'd want definitely use cases where you'd want something like this for contract data I. Something like this for contract data I something like this for contract data I don't know if it's a common case but. Don't know if it's a common case but don't know if it's a common case but there definitely are significant cases. There definitely are significant cases there definitely are significant cases I think it's a very common case like. I think it's a very common case like I think it's a very common case like effectively everything in a in a. Effectively everything in a in a effectively everything in a in a contract that is like a global variable. Contract that is like a global variable contract that is like a global variable or Global state that doesn't. Or Global state that doesn't or Global state that doesn't specifically adhere to to an account. Specifically adhere to to an account specifically adhere to to an account like you know like in a liquidity pool. Like you know like in a liquidity pool like you know like in a liquidity pool the actual like pool values are global. The actual like pool values are global the actual like pool values are global and. and and need to be bumped need to be bumped need to be bumped we have been discussing this for some. We have been discussing this for some we have been discussing this for some time what about explicitly change. Time what about explicitly change time what about explicitly change the data to the contract instance like. The data to the contract instance like the data to the contract instance like do we anticipate. Do we anticipate do we anticipate some short case where you know the data some short case where you know the data. Some short case where you know the data is kind of global but it's not once per is kind of global but it's not once per. Is kind of global but it's not once per contract or something if not then maybe contract or something if not then maybe. Contract or something if not then maybe we just for the small Global state of we just for the small Global state of. We just for the small Global state of the contract in the instant century and the contract in the instant century and. The contract in the instant century and then you know it's subject to the same then you know it's subject to the same. Then you know it's subject to the same Ultra bomb obviously because if you Ultra bomb obviously because if you. Ultra bomb obviously because if you think about it it's kind of a part of think about it it's kind of a part of. Think about it it's kind of a part of the contract that's another consideration here I. that's another consideration here I mean I guess the question is how mean I guess the question is how. Mean I guess the question is how monolithic do we want to be right monolithic do we want to be right. Monolithic do we want to be right because the issue with that is that because the issue with that is that. Because the issue with that is that the so say the advantage is that like the so say the advantage is that like. the so say the advantage is that like if you have like a if you have like a if you have like a. A contract instance that's like has a a contract instance that's like has a a contract instance that's like has a. Very large amount Global state every very large amount Global state every very large amount Global state every. Call must bump all that state whereas call must bump all that state whereas call must bump all that state whereas. Like I said for instance where the like I said for instance where the like I said for instance where the. Liquid equals so there's like a poor liquid equals so there's like a poor liquid equals so there's like a poor. Implementation that has like 10 implementation that has like 10 implementation that has like 10. Different like asset swaps or something different like asset swaps or something different like asset swaps or something. And so even if you only access one you and so even if you only access one you and so even if you only access one you. Have to bump the other nine implicitly have to bump the other nine implicitly have to bump the other nine implicitly. Whereas whereas whereas if you don't title and you keep if you don't title and you keep. if you don't title and you keep everything individual then you only have everything individual then you only have. Everything individual then you only have to bump the entries you actually touch to bump the entries you actually touch. To bump the entries you actually touch now I don't know like in practice now I don't know like in practice . now I don't know like in practice contracts might be small enough that contracts might be small enough that. Contracts might be small enough that this isn't really a big issue it this isn't really a big issue it. This isn't really a big issue it definitely does simplify some things and definitely does simplify some things and. Definitely does simplify some things and decreases our right amplification as decreases our right amplification as. Decreases our right amplification as well because you'd only need to write at well because you'd only need to write at. Well because you'd only need to write at most one bump per contract instance so this effectively goes. So this effectively goes sorry go aheadly sorry go aheadly sorry go aheadly I think it's difficult to distinguish. I think it's difficult to distinguish I think it's difficult to distinguish between Global and individual because. Between Global and individual because between Global and individual because like they're definitely going to be. Like they're definitely going to be like they're definitely going to be contracts that have like nexuses like. Contracts that have like nexuses like contracts that have like nexuses like where it's not Global but maybe it. Where it's not Global but maybe it where it's not Global but maybe it involves like multiple participants. Involves like multiple participants involves like multiple participants so so. so I don't know like where do we draw the I don't know like where do we draw the. I don't know like where do we draw the line between line between line between something should be a shared cost versus. Something should be a shared cost versus something should be a shared cost versus. Being an individual cost being an individual cost being an individual cost seems too difficult to do that. Seems too difficult to do that seems too difficult to do that yeah other than like the really General. Yeah other than like the really General yeah other than like the really General cases of contract code should definitely. Cases of contract code should definitely cases of contract code should definitely. Be a shared cost be a shared cost be a shared cost like in for contract data I don't think. Like in for contract data I don't think like in for contract data I don't think we can make that call like I think the. We can make that call like I think the we can make that call like I think the country developers do. Country developers do country developers do foreign foreign foreign ly think the safest option is just to. Ly think the safest option is just to ly think the safest option is just to default this to true. Default this to true default this to true and then maybe expose a flag just and then maybe expose a flag just. And then maybe expose a flag just because I feel like the benefit or the because I feel like the benefit or the. Because I feel like the benefit or the drawback to Auto bumping something where drawback to Auto bumping something where. Drawback to Auto bumping something where when it shouldn't be Auto bumped is very. When it shouldn't be Auto bumped is very when it shouldn't be Auto bumped is very. Minimal because the whole idea is that minimal because the whole idea is that minimal because the whole idea is that. For the bump to be a small bump such for the bump to be a small bump such for the bump to be a small bump such. That if lots of users are accessing it that if lots of users are accessing it that if lots of users are accessing it. Over time it grows but for instance over time it grows but for instance over time it grows but for instance. Right if you have a balance right if you have a balance right if you have a balance. it you know and you say view balance it you know and you say view balance it you know and you say view balance. And you have to pay 10 extra ledgers of and you have to pay 10 extra ledgers of and you have to pay 10 extra ledgers of. Rent on the one entry I mean that will rent on the one entry I mean that will rent on the one entry I mean that will. Literally like that might be less than literally like that might be less than literally like that might be less than. Like an Excel I'd be measured in strips like an Excel I'd be measured in strips like an Excel I'd be measured in strips. And so I feel like the the drawback to and so I feel like the the drawback to and so I feel like the the drawback to. Not having autobombs can be high if you not having autobombs can be high if you not having autobombs can be high if you. Have a shared you know you know have a shared you know you know have a shared you know you know. Global Entry that you forget to bump and Global Entry that you forget to bump and. Global Entry that you forget to bump and then for the entire lifetime of that then for the entire lifetime of that. Then for the entire lifetime of that contract you have to manually bump it contract you have to manually bump it . Contract you have to manually bump it it's expensive I feel like that's a much. It's expensive I feel like that's a much it's expensive I feel like that's a much. Worse failure case than the other case worse failure case than the other case worse failure case than the other case. Where you sometimes have to pay a small where you sometimes have to pay a small where you sometimes have to pay a small. Additional fee to access some entries leaning into that is there is a really a leaning into that is there is a really a. Big downside to not requiring Auto bump big downside to not requiring Auto bump big downside to not requiring Auto bump. Like what's not having the option not like what's not having the option not like what's not having the option not. Making configurable oh yeah just like making configurable oh yeah just like making configurable oh yeah just like. Requiring it like universally requiring it like universally requiring it like universally. Yeah I personally think there's I think yeah I personally think there's I think yeah I personally think there's I think. There's not a I think there maybe is one there's not a I think there maybe is one. There's not a I think there maybe is one negative use case we have Oracle data negative use case we have Oracle data. Negative use case we have Oracle data that should really only live for like that should really only live for like. that should really only live for like five minutes or ten minutes five minutes or ten minutes. Five minutes or ten minutes it would be really annoying if you it would be really annoying if you. it would be really annoying if you know especially if this data is accessed know especially if this data is accessed. Know especially if this data is accessed often in like a like a DEX sort of often in like a like a DEX sort of. Often in like a like a DEX sort of environment I think that would be really environment I think that would be really. Environment I think that would be really annoying if you access this thing so annoying if you access this thing so. Annoying if you access this thing so much in a five minute lifetime such that much in a five minute lifetime such that. Much in a five minute lifetime such that it always lives for like six hours or it always lives for like six hours or. It always lives for like six hours or like two weeks after like two weeks after like two weeks after. you know even though you should only you know even though you should only you know even though you should only. Do five minutes so I think for like very do five minutes so I think for like very. Do five minutes so I think for like very short-lived entries and like Oracle short-lived entries and like Oracle. Short-lived entries and like Oracle data there's a strong use case data there's a strong use case. Data there's a strong use case outside of that I don't see a super outside of that I don't see a super. Outside of that I don't see a super strong use case strong use case strong use case. for for not just repairing oil pumps for for not just repairing oil pumps for for not just repairing oil pumps. Everywhere see see are you suggesting setting into true are you suggesting setting into true. are you suggesting setting into true for every type of Entry or just for for every type of Entry or just for. For every type of Entry or just for restorable entries because like for the restorable entries because like for the. Restorable entries because like for the Oracle use case that you're describing Oracle use case that you're describing. Oracle use case that you're describing Garand wouldn't they use temporary Garand wouldn't they use temporary. Garand wouldn't they use temporary entries for that entries for that entries for that. Yeah yes I think so I think right now yeah yes I think so I think right now. Yeah yes I think so I think right now we are talking about a unified interface. We are talking about a unified interface we are talking about a unified interface. Where both restorable and temporary have where both restorable and temporary have. Where both restorable and temporary have the same expiration Ledger interface and. The same expiration Ledger interface and the same expiration Ledger interface and. Both have the same Auto buttons yeah I feel like contracts yeah I feel like contracts. Put in contracts avoid the issue that put in contracts avoid the issue that put in contracts avoid the issue that. You're describing you're describing you're describing you know where you accidentally. you know where you accidentally you know where you accidentally continue to rebump a temporary entry. Continue to rebump a temporary entry continue to rebump a temporary entry by by by. I guess like moving on to using like a I guess like moving on to using like a I guess like moving on to using like a. Contract that uses a temporary contract that uses a temporary contract that uses a temporary. For five minutes for five minutes for five minutes I guess how would people be referencing. I guess how would people be referencing I guess how would people be referencing that like an hour from now. That like an hour from now that like an hour from now well no so that's the issue right so. Well no so that's the issue right so well no so that's the issue right so it's that no one is referencing it now. It's that no one is referencing it now it's that no one is referencing it now and for now but in that five minutes. And for now but in that five minutes and for now but in that five minutes enough people referenced it such that it. Enough people referenced it such that it enough people referenced it such that it. Was aren't bumped so much that it will was aren't bumped so much that it will was aren't bumped so much that it will. Live significantly longer than five live significantly longer than five live significantly longer than five. Minutes minutes minutes so the issue is no one will access it so the issue is no one will access it. So the issue is no one will access it within an hour but it will live you know within an hour but it will live you know. Within an hour but it will live you know an hour two hours or however long so this I think what you're just I. so this I think what you're just I guess so guess so guess so what if Auto bumping wasn't . What if Auto bumping wasn't what if Auto bumping wasn't didn't bump it a fixed amount what if it. Didn't bump it a fixed amount what if it didn't bump it a fixed amount what if it. Bumped up to some cap bumped up to some cap bumped up to some cap I mean it does bump up to some cap. I mean it does bump up to some cap I mean it does bump up to some cap because we have. because we have because we have we have a a maximum rent balance we have a a maximum rent balance. we have a a maximum rent balance for a maximum expiration Ledger due for a maximum expiration Ledger due. for a maximum expiration Ledger due to you know issues we discussed earlier to you know issues we discussed earlier. To you know issues we discussed earlier and so there is a cap it's just that the and so there is a cap it's just that the. And so there is a cap it's just that the issue is that issue is that issue is that. you know that cap will make sense for you know that cap will make sense for. you know that cap will make sense for some entries but doesn't make sense for some entries but doesn't make sense for. Some entries but doesn't make sense for others so for instance like if the cap others so for instance like if the cap. Others so for instance like if the cap is six months and in the extreme case is six months and in the extreme case. Is six months and in the extreme case you have an oracle entry That was you have an oracle entry That was. You have an oracle entry That was supposed to last five minutes that lasts supposed to last five minutes that lasts. Supposed to last five minutes that lasts up to the cap of six months that's a lot. Up to the cap of six months that's a lot up to the cap of six months that's a lot. Of wasted fees okay so it sort of feels okay so it sort of feels go ahead go ahead. Go ahead sorry it's sort of so this is the last sorry it's sort of so this is the last. Sorry it's sort of so this is the last thing I'm going to say I think on this thing I'm going to say I think on this. Thing I'm going to say I think on this it sort of feels like it sort of feels like. it sort of feels like Auto bump okay we could argue that what Auto bump okay we could argue that what. Auto bump okay we could argue that what Obama should be configurable per entry Obama should be configurable per entry. Obama should be configurable per entry but it also sounds like the amount of but it also sounds like the amount of. But it also sounds like the amount of this thing should be Auto bumped before this thing should be Auto bumped before. This thing should be Auto bumped before if we're making a configurable if we're making a configurable. If we're making a configurable it's not really a binary yes or no it's it's not really a binary yes or no it's. It's not really a binary yes or no it's more like an amount more like an amount more like an amount. Like as a contract developer like as a contract developer like as a contract developer. the contract developers really probably like the person who's gonna probably like the person who's gonna. Know best like how long if this is going know best like how long if this is going. Know best like how long if this is going to get bumped it needs to be bumped for to get bumped it needs to be bumped for. To get bumped it needs to be bumped for or I guess it's some combination of the or I guess it's some combination of the. Or I guess it's some combination of the contract developer and the user but contract developer and the user but. Contract developer and the user but yeah just I'm a little skeptical of yeah just I'm a little skeptical of. Yeah just I'm a little skeptical of allowing contracts to Define you know allowing contracts to Define you know. Allowing contracts to Define you know like access fee amounts right because if like access fee amounts right because if. Like access fee amounts right because if a contract was like oh you know like a contract was like oh you know like. A contract was like oh you know like even if it's not malicious it's just even if it's not malicious it's just. Even if it's not malicious it's just like a stupid design it's like hey this like a stupid design it's like hey this. Like a stupid design it's like hey this should have six months and it's like a should have six months and it's like a. Should have six months and it's like a you know a thousand or it's like a you you know a thousand or it's like a you. You know a thousand or it's like a you know 10 kilobyte entry that you know know 10 kilobyte entry that you know. Know 10 kilobyte entry that you know requires a six-month bomb just to access requires a six-month bomb just to access. Requires a six-month bomb just to access that's a pretty poor ux that's a pretty poor ux. That's a pretty poor ux yeah I'm like this is just the slippery yeah I'm like this is just the slippery. Yeah I'm like this is just the slippery slope of configurability like the more I slope of configurability like the more I. Slope of configurability like the more I yeah in some ways maybe we need yeah in some ways maybe we need. Yeah in some ways maybe we need you know to Paul's Point around like you know to Paul's Point around like. you know to Paul's Point around like the not making things configurable maybe this is the trade-off we make we. Maybe this is the trade-off we make we make it okay like temporary entries make it okay like temporary entries. Make it okay like temporary entries might get bumped more than what they might get bumped more than what they. Might get bumped more than what they need to they might live around a little need to they might live around a little. Need to they might live around a little bit longer but that's a trade-off for bit longer but that's a trade-off for. Bit longer but that's a trade-off for for all these other reasons okay so we're at time. Okay so we're at time it definitely sounds like it definitely sounds like it definitely sounds like. everyone's on board with Ledger everyone's on board with Ledger everyone's on board with Ledger. Exploration moving on from rent exploration moving on from rent exploration moving on from rent. Balance balance balance there are the questions of which there are the questions of which. there are the questions of which flags we expose flags we expose flags we expose. And there is the question that Dima and there is the question that Dima and there is the question that Dima. Raised about revisit revisiting the the raised about revisit revisiting the the raised about revisit revisiting the the. Idea of contract attached state idea of contract attached state idea of contract attached state. Which we decided against in the which we decided against in the which we decided against in the. Context of metadata but that context of metadata but that context of metadata but that. Wasn't wasn't wasn't yeah it wasn't a landslide of yeah it wasn't a landslide of. yeah it wasn't a landslide of opinions there so maybe it's worth opinions there so maybe it's worth. Opinions there so maybe it's worth rethinking about that so again it rethinking about that so again it. Rethinking about that so again it does sound like you have a lot to work does sound like you have a lot to work. Does sound like you have a lot to work with right now in terms of Ledger with right now in terms of Ledger. With right now in terms of Ledger exploration exploration exploration I would try to summarize this. I would try to summarize this I would try to summarize this question about which kind of Flags . Question about which kind of Flags question about which kind of Flags We've we've just debated and and. We've we've just debated and and We've we've just debated and and starting a discussion around that to. Starting a discussion around that to starting a discussion around that to give people some asynchronous time to. Give people some asynchronous time to give people some asynchronous time to think about that. Think about that think about that and Dima if you could kind of like and Dima if you could kind of like. and Dima if you could kind of like resurface this idea of kind of like resurface this idea of kind of like. Resurface this idea of kind of like contract attached state contract attached state. Contract attached state and the the benefits of that and the the benefits of that. And the the benefits of that both in this context and in others I both in this context and in others I. both in this context and in others I think that could be beneficial Garen is there anything else you. Garen is there anything else you know that sounds good okay Dima I saw you unmuted for a sec. Dima I saw you unmuted for a sec there yeah I just want to just say that there yeah I just want to just say that. There yeah I just want to just say that yeah when I have some time oh right I yeah when I have some time oh right I. Yeah when I have some time oh right I guess is that my nature with the guess is that my nature with the. Guess is that my nature with the contract data you said through the time contract data you said through the time. Contract data you said through the time yeah so I don't know if you have yeah so I don't know if you have. Yeah so I don't know if you have enough time to get it shipped into the enough time to get it shipped into the. Enough time to get it shipped into the one even everyone is on board but yeah I one even everyone is on board but yeah I. One even everyone is on board but yeah I need to think a bit more about this awesome. Awesome okay thank you everyone it's been okay thank you everyone it's been. Okay thank you everyone it's been a great session see y'all next week.
