Hi and welcome to this week's Stellar Hi and welcome to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting. Today I'm going to. Developer meeting. Today I'm going to developer meeting. Today I'm going to talk about. Quickstart. So what is quickstart? Well, quickstart. So what is quickstart? Well,. Quickart is a local Stellar network quickart is a local Stellar network quickart is a local Stellar network. Environment. So quickart is a docker environment. So quickart is a docker environment. So quickart is a docker. Image that bundles Stellar core with image that bundles Stellar core with image that bundles Stellar core with. Horizon RPC friendbot and a database. Horizon RPC friendbot and a database. Horizon RPC friendbot and a database. And quick start can run locally as And quick start can run locally as And quick start can run locally as. Either mainet, testn net, future net or either mainet, testn net, future net or either mainet, testn net, future net or. Or a customizable local network. Quick start is great for network. Quick start is great for. Developers who want to test smart developers who want to test smart developers who want to test smart. Contracts, experiment with the Stellar contracts, experiment with the Stellar contracts, experiment with the Stella. Network, and learn about Stella's network, and learn about Stella's network, and learn about Stella's. Features in a control environment. And I features in a control environment. And I. Features in a control environment. And I can tell you that SDF engineers use can tell you that SDF engineers use. Can tell you that SDF engineers use quickart quite a bit. There are two different operational There are two different operational modes. There's ephemeral mode that. Modes. There's ephemeral mode that modes. There's ephemeral mode that cleans the database and start up with a. Cleans the database and start up with a cleans the database and start up with a default config at each startup. And then. Default config at each startup. And then default config at each startup. And then. There's persistent mode that mounts a there's persistent mode that mounts a there's persistent mode that mounts a. Volume on your local machine and persist volume on your local machine and persist. Volume on your local machine and persist the database and the configurations. It's very easy to set up. Configurations. It's very easy to set up quick start. All you need is Stellar CLI quick start. All you need is Stellar CLI. Quick start. All you need is Stellar CLI and Docker installed on your local and Docker installed on your local. And Docker installed on your local machine and then you can use the CLI machine and then you can use the CLI. Machine and then you can use the CLI command Stellar network container start command Stellar network container start. Command Stellar network container start to set up quick start on your local to set up quick start on your local. To set up quick start on your local machine. In this case, we use a command machine. In this case, we use a command. Machine. In this case, we use a command to set it up as test net. And when the to set it up as test net. And when the. To set it up as test net. And when the quick start is set up, you can access quick start is set up, you can access. Quick start is set up, you can access test net with these settings. After this presentation, I'm going to After this presentation, I'm going to give a quick intro to how to actually. Give a quick intro to how to actually give a quick intro to how to actually use it in practice. And two ways to use. Use it in practice. And two ways to use use it in practice. And two ways to use it is to use Stellar Lab. You can connect. It is to use Stellar Lab. You can connect it is to use Stellar Lab. You can connect. Stellar Lab to quick Stellar Lab to quick Stellar Lab to quick start or you can deploy a smart. Start or you can deploy a smart start or you can deploy a smart contract and you deploy it just like. Contract and you deploy it just like contract and you deploy it just like you're used to. First, you set up in. You're used to. First, you set up in you're used to. First, you set up in this case we use the hello world. You. This case we use the hello world. You this case we use the hello world. You set up the smart contract, you create an. Set up the smart contract, you create an set up the smart contract, you create an. Identity and you build the contract. Identity and you build the contract. Identity and you build the contract. And then you deploy the smart contract And then you deploy the smart contract And then you deploy the smart contract. But instead of deploying it to the test but instead of deploying it to the test but instead of deploying it to the test. Net or mainet or future net you deploy net or mainet or future net you deploy net or mainet or future net you deploy. It to your local quick start it to your local quick start it to your local quick start. Environment. In this case we use the environment. In this case we use the environment. In this case we use the. Local host as the RPC URL to tell local host as the RPC URL to tell local host as the RPC URL to tell. Stellar contract deploy command that we Stellar contract deploy command that we Stellar contract deploy command that we. Want to deploy it onto quick start. And want to deploy it onto quick start. And want to deploy it onto quick start. And. Once deployed we can invoke the smart once deployed we can invoke the smart once deployed we can invoke the smart. Contract just like we're used to when we contract just like we're used to when we. Contract just like we're used to when we have deployed it to test net or mainet. I want to put a little bit of focus on I want to put a little bit of focus on the documentation here. If you want to. The documentation here. If you want to the documentation here. If you want to know more in details how how quickart. Know more in details how how quickart know more in details how how quickart works and how to set it up, you can go. Works and how to set it up, you can go works and how to set it up, you can go to our documentation, go to tools and go. To our documentation, go to tools and go to our documentation, go to tools and go. To quick to quick to quick start. Here you'll find all the relevant start. Here you'll find all the relevant. Start. Here you'll find all the relevant information you will need. You can read information you will need. You can read. Information you will need. You can read about how to get it set up, the network about how to get it set up, the network. About how to get it set up, the network modes, how to work the the friendbot modes, how to work the the friendbot. Modes, how to work the the friendbot faucet, how to debug, and do some faucet, how to debug, and do some. Faucet, how to debug, and do some advanced settings that I'm not going to advanced settings that I'm not going to. Advanced settings that I'm not going to cover in this cover in this cover in this. Presentation. But let's try to to set it presentation. But let's try to to set it. Presentation. But let's try to to set it up on my local machine. Okay, so here we have the Okay, so here we have the terminal. First, if you remember, we can. Terminal. First, if you remember, we can terminal. First, if you remember, we can. Use a command from the Stellar CLI to set use a command from the Stellar CLI to set. Use a command from the Stellar CLI to set up up up our our quick start. And in this case, I. Our our quick start. And in this case, I our our quick start. And in this case, I. Want to use a test net. And I just name want to use a test net. And I just name want to use a test net. And I just name. This quick start minet. And that was it. Now the quick minet. And that was it. Now the quick. Start is up and running on my local start is up and running on my local start is up and running on my local. System. So let's go ahead and and build system. So let's go ahead and and build system. So let's go ahead and and build. A smart contract. Actually we'll use the a smart contract. Actually we'll use the. A smart contract. Actually we'll use the hello world example. User. Let's call this a different name user. Let's call this a different name that I have not used before. Call. That I have not used before. Call that I have not used before. Call it Frank. Okay, the hello world smart contract is Okay, the hello world smart contract is now built and now we want to deploy it. Now built and now we want to deploy it now built and now we want to deploy it onto quick. Start. As mentioned before, we can here start. As mentioned before, we can here see that instead of instead of deploying. See that instead of instead of deploying see that instead of instead of deploying. It to the actual test net or mainet, we it to the actual test net or mainet, we it to the actual test net or mainet, we. Specify the RPC URL here and we use the specify the RPC URL here and we use the specify the RPC URL here and we use the. The local the local the local host / RPC and the rest is as we usually host / RPC and the rest is as we usually. Host / RPC and the rest is as we usually use when we deploy to test net. Okay, so now we actually have the. Net. Okay, so now we actually have the hello world smart contract deployed to hello world smart contract deployed to. Hello world smart contract deployed to quick quick quick start. Next, what we want to do is to. Start. Next, what we want to do is to start. Next, what we want to do is to try to invoke. It and let's use the contract it and let's use the contract ID was given us here. And it was successful. So as you can see and it was successful. So as you can see. Here once we have set up quick start we here once we have set up quick start we here once we have set up quick start we. Can deploy our smart contracts to quick can deploy our smart contracts to quick can deploy our smart contracts to quick. Start and run it locally instead of start and run it locally instead of start and run it locally instead of. Running it on the test net or the mainet running it on the test net or the mainet. Running it on the test net or the mainet the public ones and it works exactly the. The public ones and it works exactly the the public ones and it works exactly the. Same same same way. Now let's try to way. Now let's try to way. Now let's try to connect Stellar Lab instead of using the. Connect Stellar Lab instead of using the connect Stellar Lab instead of using the the terminal. I have still a lab in this window. And I have still a lab in this window. And the way you connect it to your your. The way you connect it to your your the way you connect it to your your local quick start is you go up to the. Local quick start is you go up to the local quick start is you go up to the network selector here and instead of. Network selector here and instead of network selector here and instead of test net here you choose. Test net here you choose test net here you choose custom. I have already tried this. So. Custom. I have already tried this. So custom. I have already tried this. So these fields are already populated. These fields are already populated. These fields are already populated. But the quick start URLs are localhost But the quick start URLs are localhost But the quick start URLs are localhost. At port 8000/ RPC for the RPC and at port 8000/ RPC for the RPC and at port 8000/ RPC for the RPC and. Horizon is just the local host at port Horizon is just the local host at port Horizon is just the local host at port. 8000. And the network phrase is the same 8000. And the network phrase is the same. 8000. And the network phrase is the same as if we were using the public test net. As if we were using the public test net. As if we were using the public test net. So let's switch to the custom network. So now Stellar Lab is connected to our So now Stellar Lab is connected to our quick. Quick quick start and we can do everything we start and we can do everything we start and we can do everything we. Usually do when we're connected to usually do when we're connected to usually do when we're connected to. Either test net or mainet or future net. Either test net or mainet or future net. Either test net or mainet or future net. Let's just try to generate a key Let's just try to generate a key Let's just try to generate a key. Pair and we can fund it with friendbot. So this works exactly like if friendbot. So this works exactly like if. You were connected to a test net. One you were connected to a test net. One you were connected to a test net. One. Thing to notice here is that usually if thing to notice here is that usually if thing to notice here is that usually if. You use testn net you will get a link to you use testn net you will get a link to. You use testn net you will get a link to Stellar expert so you can go and take a Stellar expert so you can go and take a. Stellar expert so you can go and take a look at at your user account there. look at at your user account there. . Look at at your user account there. obviously we can't do that because our obviously we can't do that because our. Obviously we can't do that because our cell explorer is not looking at cell explorer is not looking at. Cell explorer is not looking at our local quick start but otherwise our local quick start but otherwise. Our local quick start but otherwise it works exactly like if we were working it works exactly like if we were working. It works exactly like if we were working on the public test net. I hope this little introduction to. Net. I hope this little introduction to quick start was useful. If you have any quick start was useful. If you have any. Quick start was useful. If you have any questions feel free to ask. you can questions feel free to ask. you can. Questions feel free to ask. you can ask in in Discord. I know there's a ask in in Discord. I know there's a. Ask in in Discord. I know there's a lot of quick start users in in Discord lot of quick start users in in Discord. Lot of quick start users in in Discord as well. But hopefully this will give as well. But hopefully this will give. As well. But hopefully this will give you an a a great tool to work with . You an a a great tool to work with you an a a great tool to work with . For these special requirements where for these special requirements where for these special requirements where. Maybe you want to use some locking. Maybe you want to use some locking. Maybe you want to use some locking. There's some great locking features There's some great locking features There's some great locking features . With quick start. So go explore it. Go with quick start. So go explore it. Go with quick start. So go explore it. Go. Take a look at the documentation and see take a look at the documentation and see. Take a look at the documentation and see how this can be useful for you. Thank how this can be useful for you. Thank. How this can be useful for you. Thank you for joining.
