Hello everyone and welcome to this hello everyone and welcome to this week's Stellar developer me. Week's Stellar developer me week's Stellar developer me if you were joining us last week you. If you were joining us last week you if you were joining us last week you would have seen OrbitLens I. Would have seen OrbitLens I would have seen OrbitLens I invited him back again because we had so. Invited him back again because we had so invited him back again because we had so. Much to cover last time that we didn't much to cover last time that we didn't much to cover last time that we didn't. Go through everything we we wanted and go through everything we we wanted and go through everything we we wanted and. so obit Lance has actually built so obit Lance has actually built so obit Lance has actually built. Quite a few projects on on Stellar quite a few projects on on Stellar quite a few projects on on Stellar. And and one of them I'm sure you're and and one of them I'm sure you're and and one of them I'm sure you're. Very familiar with is is still our very familiar with is is still our very familiar with is is still our. Expert so we're going to cover that a expert so we're going to cover that a expert so we're going to cover that a. Little bit today but first we little bit today but first we little bit today but first we. Will hear more about sell broker so yeah will hear more about sell broker so yeah. Will hear more about sell broker so yeah just please just introduce yourself just please just introduce yourself. Just please just introduce yourself again I know introduced you last week again I know introduced you last week. Again I know introduced you last week but for new people on here please go but for new people on here please go. But for new people on here please go ahead and introduce yourself yeah sure ahead and introduce yourself yeah sure. Ahead and introduce yourself yeah sure hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone. everybody knows me as OrbitLens I'm everybody knows me as OrbitLens I'm. everybody knows me as OrbitLens I'm the lead of Stellar expert team we're. The lead of Stellar expert team we're the lead of Stellar expert team we're. Building different infrastructure building different infrastructure building different infrastructure. Services on Stellar Network services on Stellar Network services on Stellar Network. and basically today I'd like to and basically today I'd like to and basically today I'd like to. Talk about two of them Stellar broker talk about two of them Stellar broker. Talk about two of them Stellar broker yeah so Stellar broker is a yeah so Stellar broker is a. yeah so Stellar broker is a multisource liquidity swap tool multisource liquidity swap tool. Multisource liquidity swap tool and swap rotor for and swap rotor for. and swap rotor for Stellar currently star star has Stellar currently star star has. Stellar currently star star has several issues several issues several issues. with fragmented liquidity basically with fragmented liquidity basically with fragmented liquidity basically. It leads to worse price for end users it leads to worse price for end users . It leads to worse price for end users complexity using varas complexity using varas. Complexity using varas protocols and as a result it's protocols and as a result it's. Protocols and as a result it's quite difficult to find the best price quite difficult to find the best price. Quite difficult to find the best price between all of them because some between all of them because some. Between all of them because some assets are located mainly on classic assets are located mainly on classic. Assets are located mainly on classic Stellar decks and others on new protocol Stellar decks and others on new protocol. Stellar decks and others on new protocol imms but someone executes like imms but someone executes like . Imms but someone executes like large trade if someone trades a scale large trade if someone trades a scale . Large trade if someone trades a scale usually such large volume trades are usually such large volume trades are. Usually such large volume trades are vulnerable to front vulnerable to front. Vulnerable to front running and front running actually running and front running actually. Running and front running actually leads to profit loss on leads to profit loss on. Leads to profit loss on multiart trades because splitting multiart trades because splitting. Multiart trades because splitting each trade into several each trade into several. Each trade into several smaller trades results in a smaller trades results in a. smaller trades results in a situation when somebody can front run situation when somebody can front run. Situation when somebody can front run your Swap and try your Swap and try your Swap and try. To try to be faster and extract The to try to be faster and extract The to try to be faster and extract The. Profit and of course there is simply Profit and of course there is simply Profit and of course there is simply. The question of liquidity because I the question of liquidity because I the question of liquidity because I. Do remember there was a situation where do remember there was a situation where do remember there was a situation where. People couldn't simply people couldn't simply people couldn't simply swap on chain and execute the settlement. Swap on chain and execute the settlement swap on chain and execute the settlement. for about 100,000 usdc in one trade for about 100,000 usdc in one trade for about 100,000 usdc in one trade. with with with one pass payment trate which is one pass payment trate which is. One pass payment trate which is also not the best user also not the best user. Also not the best user experience so we've been working experience so we've been working . Experience so we've been working on the project called U Stellar broker on the project called U Stellar broker. On the project called U Stellar broker with with with the with a team from Ultra Stellar. The with a team from Ultra Stellar the with a team from Ultra Stellar so our original idea was to. so our original idea was to so our original idea was to implement the solution that will cover. Implement the solution that will cover implement the solution that will cover everything in one in one One Stop. Everything in one in one One Stop everything in one in one One Stop when you that will allow you to. when you that will allow you to when you that will allow you to swap anything and execute your. Swap anything and execute your swap anything and execute your transactions on chain classic and. Transactions on chain classic and transactions on chain classic and San it provides a lot of benefits . San it provides a lot of benefits San it provides a lot of benefits for and users providing better . For and users providing better for and users providing better exchange rates front running. Exchange rates front running exchange rates front running protection and on large trades it. Protection and on large trades it protection and on large trades it will it will lead to the minimal price. Will it will lead to the minimal price will it will lead to the minimal price impact non-custodial swaps allow. Impact non-custodial swaps allow impact non-custodial swaps allow us to avoid centralization issues . Us to avoid centralization issues us to avoid centralization issues and . And and also there is no need to also there is no need to also there is no need to. retry failed transactions because retry failed transactions because retry failed transactions because. Everything will be retried automatically everything will be retried automatically. Everything will be retried automatically and even if the swap fails for some and even if the swap fails for some. And even if the swap fails for some reasons for example liquidity isn't reasons for example liquidity isn't. Reasons for example liquidity isn't there there there anymore then the system will. Anymore then the system will anymore then the system will propose a new like a new trade. Propose a new like a new trade propose a new like a new trade opportunity which will be automatically. Opportunity which will be automatically opportunity which will be automatically executed for applications that. Executed for applications that executed for applications that want to integrate our service . Want to integrate our service want to integrate our service we can offer revenue from user. We can offer revenue from user we can offer revenue from user swaps reliable execution flow . Swaps reliable execution flow swaps reliable execution flow seamless API integration which. Seamless API integration which seamless API integration which means that you just connected to your. Means that you just connected to your means that you just connected to your. Existing wallet and it will work just existing wallet and it will work just. Existing wallet and it will work just fine and of course it's a fling the fine and of course it's a fling the. Fine and of course it's a fling the complexity of building for two complexity of building for two. Complexity of building for two different Networks like classic andoran different Networks like classic andoran. Different Networks like classic andoran which is a bit separated despite that which is a bit separated despite that. Which is a bit separated despite that it's under the it's under the it's under the. Same Stellar network grof and same Stellar network grof and same Stellar network grof and. like managing multiple connections to like managing multiple connections to. like managing multiple connections to various swap various swap various swap. Protocols so partner which protocols so partner which protocols so partner which. connects to the system can view connects to the system can view connects to the system can view. The Revenue the Revenue the Revenue and receive payouts for the swaps. And receive payouts for the swaps and receive payouts for the swaps executed by the users this kind of. Executed by the users this kind of executed by the users this kind of monetizations benefits and users and. Monetizations benefits and users and monetizations benefits and users and developers alike because users still. Developers alike because users still developers alike because users still get better rates and developers can. Get better rates and developers can get better rates and developers can receive like micro bonuses from these . Receive like micro bonuses from these receive like micro bonuses from these . Transactions from their user base the transactions from their user base the. Transactions from their user base the integration will be pretty is integration will be pretty is. Integration will be pretty is straightforward we already published straightforward we already published. Straightforward we already published the SDK for it and everything you the SDK for it and everything you. the SDK for it and everything you will need you'll just need to insert AP will need you'll just need to insert AP. Will need you'll just need to insert AP from the website and from this from the website and from this. from the website and from this point will work will just work and as point will work will just work and as. Point will work will just work and as a hood it's much more complex than a hood it's much more complex than . A hood it's much more complex than than it looks because than it looks because. Than it looks because it works with varas liquidity it works with varas liquidity. it works with varas liquidity pools on the San So currently we pools on the San So currently we. Pools on the San So currently we have Aquarius and S SW pools have Aquarius and S SW pools. Have Aquarius and S SW pools connected at our production connected at our production. Connected at our production website and we also have two more website and we also have two more. Website and we also have two more pools in the pipeline which expected pools in the pipeline which expected . Pools in the pipeline which expected to come next week it will be forx Hub to come next week it will be forx Hub. To come next week it will be forx Hub and it will be comment pool so and it will be comment pool so. And it will be comment pool so our execution engine like finds our execution engine like finds . our execution engine like finds the best opportunities and first the best opportunities and first. The best opportunities and first of all analyzes how the trade can be of all analyzes how the trade can be. Of all analyzes how the trade can be split into many multiple trades split into many multiple trades . Split into many multiple trades because executing several different because executing several different. Because executing several different trades instead of one large transaction trades instead of one large transaction. Trades instead of one large transaction means that there are chances means that there are chances. Means that there are chances to to get front run or to just to to get front run or to just. To to get front run or to just end up with a failed transaction end up with a failed transaction . end up with a failed transaction because the market is always a because the market is always a. Because the market is always a dynamic scene it's moving a lot and dynamic scene it's moving a lot and . Dynamic scene it's moving a lot and it's virtually impossible to guess which it's virtually impossible to guess which. It's virtually impossible to guess which liquidity will be there like in the next. Liquidity will be there like in the next liquidity will be there like in the next. Ledger so our engine fls all the Ledger so our engine fls all the Ledger so our engine fls all the. Complexity here because it complexity here because it complexity here because it. Provides tracking of submitted provides tracking of submitted provides tracking of submitted. Transactions it automatically transactions it automatically transactions it automatically. Connects to Sellar core fetching connects to Sellar core fetching connects to Sellar core fetching. All the required information from there all the required information from there all the required information from there. And we basically can basically have and we basically can basically have and we basically can basically have. The entire graph of all the entire graph of all the entire graph of all available Dex orders there in. Available Dex orders there in available Dex orders there in memory and of course graph for. Memory and of course graph for memory and of course graph for soran soran. Soran tools this is everything is tools this is everything is tools this is everything is. Located in the same place and located in the same place and located in the same place and . Provides you a very convenient interface provides you a very convenient interface. Provides you a very convenient interface on top of web soet API which is on top of web soet API which is . On top of web soet API which is pretty fast we made some measurements pretty fast we made some measurements. Pretty fast we made some measurements and like average quart response time and like average quart response time. And like average quart response time is less than 300 milliseconds which is less than 300 milliseconds which. Is less than 300 milliseconds which is very fast and usually like our is very fast and usually like our. Is very fast and usually like our nod receives updates and send it to user nod receives updates and send it to user. Nod receives updates and send it to user like more than two seconds faster like more than two seconds faster. like more than two seconds faster than Horizon because we connect than Horizon because we connect. Than Horizon because we connect directly to Stellar core to receive directly to Stellar core to receive . Directly to Stellar core to receive all the trade information as as fast all the trade information as as fast. All the trade information as as fast as possible and we can execute as possible and we can execute . As possible and we can execute like multiple trade simulation per like multiple trade simulation per. Like multiple trade simulation per seconds it's tens of thousands it scales seconds it's tens of thousands it scales. Seconds it's tens of thousands it scales well well well with paralyzation of CPU threats so. With paralyzation of CPU threats so with paralyzation of CPU threats so it means that getting more. It means that getting more it means that getting more simulations results in. Simulations results in simulations results in better price quotes for end. Better price quotes for end better price quotes for end users so that's basically pretty much. Users so that's basically pretty much users so that's basically pretty much. All of it I just wanted to say that all of it I just wanted to say that all of it I just wanted to say that. Is it is already connected is it is already connected is it is already connected to albida. To albida to albida wallet and we're working wallet and we're working. Wallet and we're working to connected to to connected to to connected to Stellar and other Ultra Stellar. Stellar and other Ultra Stellar Stellar and other Ultra Stellar applications if you are interested. Applications if you are interested applications if you are interested interested to try it to play around. Interested to try it to play around interested to try it to play around just let us know and let's talk . just let us know and let's talk just let us know and let's talk any wallet or. Any wallet or any wallet or like application that works like application that works. like application that works with user trades U can benefit from this with user trades U can benefit from this. With user trades U can benefit from this optimized transaction execution flow so optimized transaction execution flow so. Optimized transaction execution flow so just let us know probably if if we just let us know probably if if we. Just let us know probably if if we have any questions in the chat I'll be have any questions in the chat I'll be. Have any questions in the chat I'll be happy to happy to happy to answer yeah let's let's see if. Answer yeah let's let's see if answer yeah let's let's see if there's any there's any. There's any any questions in the any questions in the any questions in the chat there was one about public. Chat there was one about public chat there was one about public facing docks I think I've shared a. Facing docks I think I've shared a facing docks I think I've shared a. Link to to GitHub is there anything link to to GitHub is there anything link to to GitHub is there anything. Else people can go look else people can go look else people can go look at yeah it's. At yeah it's at yeah it's basically the J Hub link and basically the J Hub link and . Basically the J Hub link and currently it's the npm package which currently it's the npm package which. Currently it's the npm package which shows the example of connection to shows the example of connection to. Shows the example of connection to the to the system so that's basically the to the system so that's basically. The to the system so that's basically everything you need to integrate everything you need to integrate. Everything you need to integrate great I think it's super interesting great I think it's super interesting. Great I think it's super interesting also and not not just because of the the also and not not just because of the the. Also and not not just because of the the the ease of use but also the speed and the ease of use but also the speed and. The ease of use but also the speed and and and the fact that you can bring and and the fact that you can bring. And and the fact that you can bring bring bring the swap in on on your own bring bring the swap in on on your own. Bring bring the swap in on on your own application and and and decide what what application and and and decide what what. Application and and and decide what what fee you're going to charge for for for fee you're going to charge for for for. Fee you're going to charge for for for doing the the swap so super interesting doing the the swap so super interesting. Doing the the swap so super interesting if we don't have any other questions if we don't have any other questions. if we don't have any other questions we can also see if we have some time we can also see if we have some time. we can also see if we have some time at the end of it of it at the end of it of it. At the end of it of it but we can move to Stellar expert and but we can move to Stellar expert and. But we can move to Stellar expert and that should be a tool that is known by that should be a tool that is known by. That should be a tool that is known by most Stellar developers it was most Stellar developers it was. Most Stellar developers it was probably the first tool I started using probably the first tool I started using. Probably the first tool I started using trying to verify that my transactions trying to verify that my transactions. trying to verify that my transactions were going through and just playing were going through and just playing. Were going through and just playing around with with different around with with different . Around with with different different Quest and different Quest and different Quest and. Onboarding games so so yeah it's I onboarding games so so yeah it's I onboarding games so so yeah it's I I. Think it's familiar to most so be think it's familiar to most so be think it's familiar to most so be. Interesting to hear from the creator of interesting to hear from the creator of interesting to hear from the creator of. It yeah happy to hear that and it yeah happy to hear that and it yeah happy to hear that and. that's the tool that been around for that's the tool that been around for that's the tool that been around for. Years and I'd like to thank you for all years and I'd like to thank you for all years and I'd like to thank you for all. The users that keep up with us and the users that keep up with us and the users that keep up with us and . Despite sometimes U arise in small despite sometimes U arise in small despite sometimes U arise in small. Bugs problems with it we're bugs problems with it we're bugs problems with it we're. Trying to keep it trying to keep it trying to keep it as as functional as it could be and . As as functional as it could be and as as functional as it could be and today I'd like to talk a bit about . Today I'd like to talk a bit about today I'd like to talk a bit about smart contract stats and analyzes of. Smart contract stats and analyzes of smart contract stats and analyzes of smart contract transactions because. Smart contract transactions because smart contract transactions because we've been receiving some questions . We've been receiving some questions we've been receiving some questions by email and other communication. By email and other communication by email and other communication channels on how it works and I think. Channels on how it works and I think channels on how it works and I think it might be interes in not only for. It might be interes in not only for it might be interes in not only for newcomers but also for season developers. Newcomers but also for season developers newcomers but also for season developers. Still so first of all how can you still so first of all how can you still so first of all how can you. Get to the transaction and how can get to the transaction and how can get to the transaction and how can. You find something you just need to copy you find something you just need to copy. You find something you just need to copy paste like account address contract paste like account address contract. Paste like account address contract address or proit name into the search address or proit name into the search. Address or proit name into the search box on the website and will lead you box on the website and will lead you. Box on the website and will lead you directly to the the account or directly to the the account or. Directly to the the account or contract history where you can see contract history where you can see . Contract history where you can see this list of this list of this list of transactions here you can see . Transactions here you can see transactions here you can see operation type and like execution. Operation type and like execution operation type and like execution date to check a particular . Date to check a particular date to check a particular operation you just need to click this. Operation you just need to click this operation you just need to click this small small arrow and it will. Small small arrow and it will small small arrow and it will present you the expanded view I know. Present you the expanded view I know present you the expanded view I know it's a bit. It's a bit it's a bit scary but no need to panic it's scary but no need to panic it's. Scary but no need to panic it's only from the first glance we'll go only from the first glance we'll go. Only from the first glance we'll go through it and it will be through it and it will be. Through it and it will be quite there is nothing too complex about quite there is nothing too complex about. Quite there is nothing too complex about it first of all it shows the C it first of all it shows the C. It first of all it shows the C tree of the top level contract tree of the top level contract. Tree of the top level contract invocations so we have this invocations so we have this . Invocations so we have this level contract level contract level contract. That can invoke some other contracts and that can invoke some other contracts and. That can invoke some other contracts and provide provide provide .   additional functionality through additional functionality through. additional functionality through this when you click this info this when you click this info. This when you click this info icon you can see the expanded view icon you can see the expanded view. Icon you can see the expanded view of the contract function itself it of the contract function itself it. Of the contract function itself it automatically shows you parameters of automatically shows you parameters of. Automatically shows you parameters of the function the function the function return. return return value value value like version of the runtime and like version of the runtime and. like version of the runtime and SDK and if developers SDK and if developers. SDK and if developers left Commander then you will also left Commander then you will also. Left Commander then you will also see this R commands in this see this R commands in this. See this R commands in this section debit and credit records section debit and credit records. Section debit and credit records show the amount of token show the amount of token. Show the amount of token which have been which have been which have been transferred like spent received in the. Transferred like spent received in the transferred like spent received in the trans during the transaction. Trans during the transaction trans during the transaction execution so we can see here for. Execution so we can see here for execution so we can see here for example that this amount of tokens. Example that this amount of tokens example that this amount of tokens has been debited from this account and. Has been debited from this account and has been debited from this account and credited to another. Credited to another credited to another account contracts can save the data on The. contracts can save the data on The Ledger with different storage Ledger with different storage. Ledger with different storage retention options so like in retention options so like in. Retention options so like in data is basically the data that is data is basically the data that is. Data is basically the data that is inside the contract itself and every inside the contract itself and every. Inside the contract itself and every time time time like the environment loads the. like the environment loads the like the environment loads the instance of the contract it also loads. Instance of the contract it also loads instance of the contract it also loads all the data attached to it resistent. All the data attached to it resistent all the data attached to it resistent entries stored. Entries stored entries stored separately and temporary items can separately and temporary items can. Separately and temporary items can be used to store some cheap temporary. Be used to store some cheap temporary be used to store some cheap temporary. Information that can be easily information that can be easily information that can be easily. Evicted evicted evicted additionally some contracts May additionally some contracts May. additionally some contracts May emit events emit events emit events which is U this mechanism is intended. which is U this mechanism is intended which is U this mechanism is intended. For publishing data for for publishing data for for publishing data for indexers the event consist of the. Indexers the event consist of the indexers the event consist of the header of the event and some arbitrary. Header of the event and some arbitrary header of the event and some arbitrary contract. Contract contract data so these events can be data so these events can be. Data so these events can be further analyzed by indexers by further analyzed by indexers by. Further analyzed by indexers by rpcs or some other rpcs or some other rpcs or some other. Applications and at the bottom of applications and at the bottom of applications and at the bottom of. The invocation you can see what the invocation you can see what the invocation you can see what. Happens on the system level so like happens on the system level so like happens on the system level so like. input output memory usage input output memory usage input output memory usage. Ledger entries written and U read and Ledger entries written and U read and . Ledger entries written and U read and many other many other many other very low very low level statistics. Very low very low level statistics very low very low level statistics and additional of course here you can. And additional of course here you can and additional of course here you can. See also fees charged for these see also fees charged for these see also fees charged for these. Particular particular particular transactions which can be analyzed transactions which can be analyzed. Transactions which can be analyzed further now if we scale up a further now if we scale up a. Further now if we scale up a bit we have a contract view if you bit we have a contract view if you. Bit we have a contract view if you just click just click just click . The address of any contract you will end the address of any contract you will end. The address of any contract you will end up here at the contract View and it up here at the contract View and it. Up here at the contract View and it will display like the general summary of will display like the general summary of. Will display like the general summary of the contract and current contract the contract and current contract. The contract and current contract balances this is I think balances this is I think . Balances this is I think is is a liquidity pool contract that is is a liquidity pool contract that. Is is a liquidity pool contract that holds xlm and you DC holds xlm and you DC. Holds xlm and you DC assets we have here the information assets we have here the information. Assets we have here the information who created the who created the who created the. Contract and there was some hash contract and there was some hash contract and there was some hash. Of the contract also it was pretty of the contract also it was pretty of the contract also it was pretty. Active contract that made a lot of active contract that made a lot of active contract that made a lot of. Transfers data storage here shows transfers data storage here shows transfers data storage here shows. The number of entries that have the number of entries that have the number of entries that have. Been been been written and stored on written and stored on written and stored on chain below it you can see the. Chain below it you can see the chain below it you can see the detailed breakdown of. Detailed breakdown of detailed breakdown of all the ocation stats here you can. all the ocation stats here you can all the ocation stats here you can play around with functions selecting. Play around with functions selecting play around with functions selecting some spe specific function you want. Some spe specific function you want some spe specific function you want to to. To analyze choose the period for starts analyze choose the period for starts. Analyze choose the period for starts and and and analyze some specific statistics. analyze some specific statistics analyze some specific statistics so for example if you want to know why. So for example if you want to know why so for example if you want to know why these grew up after the recent. these grew up after the recent these grew up after the recent deployment you can see it here you can. Deployment you can see it here you can deployment you can see it here you can see how this value change over time and. See how this value change over time and see how this value change over time and how to analyze them history tab we. how to analyze them history tab we how to analyze them history tab we. Already talked about iter and the already talked about iter and the already talked about iter and the. Interface tab contains the list of interface tab contains the list of. Interface tab contains the list of public experts from the contract it's public experts from the contract it's. Public experts from the contract it's like functions all the structures like functions all the structures. Like functions all the structures enams everything that is declared in the enams everything that is declared in the. Enams everything that is declared in the contract and publicly available all the contract and publicly available all the. Contract and publicly available all the contract interfaces here and it's contract interfaces here and it's. Contract interfaces here and it's quite handy tool if you want to build a quite handy tool if you want to build a. Quite handy tool if you want to build a transaction using CLI or any other Tool transaction using CLI or any other Tool. Transaction using CLI or any other Tool or you just maybe want to or you just maybe want to. or you just maybe want to play around Vis it and check play around Vis it and check . play around Vis it and check what's inside the contract here is what's inside the contract here is. What's inside the contract here is also the link for downloading the also the link for downloading the. Also the link for downloading the contract contract was and contract contract was and. Contract contract was and here is the next interface which here is the next interface which. here is the next interface which shows the the list of stor data entries shows the the list of stor data entries. Shows the the list of stor data entries for some particular for some particular. for some particular contract here we can see the that contract here we can see the that. Contract here we can see the that the entry is persistent or not it's the entry is persistent or not it's. the entry is persistent or not it's TTL value so time to leave when TTL value so time to leave when. TTL value so time to leave when the last it was updated and the last it was updated and . The last it was updated and balances attached to these balances attached to these. Balances attached to these values values values and one more thing that I'd like. and one more thing that I'd like and one more thing that I'd like to cover probably not everybody knows. To cover probably not everybody knows to cover probably not everybody knows. About this functionality but we have about this functionality but we have about this functionality but we have. protocol versions history in the protocol versions history in the protocol versions history in the. Interface it's under the main menu interface it's under the main menu interface it's under the main menu. Section and in the protocols history section and in the protocols history section and in the protocols history. You can see changes that were you can see changes that were you can see changes that were. Applied to applied to applied to the to The Ledger during prodal the to The Ledger during prodal. The to The Ledger during prodal upgrades and of also during suran upgrades and of also during suran. Upgrades and of also during suran runtime F changes runtime F changes runtime F changes. Updates it's the lowlevel view of updates it's the lowlevel view of updates it's the lowlevel view of. What happens when validators vote for what happens when validators vote for. What happens when validators vote for increas in limits and basically here increas in limits and basically here. Increas in limits and basically here you can easily check and say what are you can easily check and say what are. You can easily check and say what are our current limits and what was our current limits and what was. Our current limits and what was the last update and what changed the last update and what changed. The last update and what changed during I have a lot of more to cover during I have a lot of more to cover. During I have a lot of more to cover but let's wrap at it because I think but let's wrap at it because I think. But let's wrap at it because I think that we have already few minutes left that we have already few minutes left. That we have already few minutes left so if you have any question questions so if you have any question questions. So if you have any question questions let let let St yeah thank you for for the run. St yeah thank you for for the run St yeah thank you for for the run through I I. Through I through I definitely have learned a little bit I'm definitely have learned a little bit I'm. Definitely have learned a little bit I'm I'm still a pretty basic user but but I I'm still a pretty basic user but but I. I'm still a pretty basic user but but I think it's it's it's a very it's it's think it's it's it's a very it's it's. Think it's it's it's a very it's it's very practical to to be able to see very practical to to be able to see. Very practical to to be able to see something like the the protocol upgrades something like the the protocol upgrades. Something like the the protocol upgrades I think there's a lot of good I think there's a lot of good. I think there's a lot of good features for for debuging and for for features for for debuging and for for. Features for for debuging and for for evaluating your your contracts do we evaluating your your contracts do we. Evaluating your your contracts do we have any questions from from the comments I don't see. From the comments I don't see that I don't think so but yeah that I don't think so but yeah. That I don't think so but yeah let's see there's one see there's one here soron is this in the context of. Soron is this in the context of Stellar Stellar Stellar expert yes so we already show . The transaction history and trades and the transaction history and trades and everything for classic . Everything for classic everything for classic operations but trades history and. Operations but trades history and operations but trades history and some specific for example liquidity pool. Some specific for example liquidity pool some specific for example liquidity pool. Stats or for example blend pool stats stats or for example blend pool stats. Stats or for example blend pool stats they are still unavailable because they are still unavailable because . They are still unavailable because like right now we still have the like right now we still have the. Like right now we still have the process of standardization in process of standardization in. Process of standardization in progress so right now the progress so right now the. Progress so right now the committee is talking about moving to committee is talking about moving to. Committee is talking about moving to some more some more some more more obvious standards for. more obvious standards for more obvious standards for publishing for example events what. Publishing for example events what publishing for example events what will be the format of these events and. Will be the format of these events and will be the format of these events and how they can be further analyzed by. How they can be further analyzed by how they can be further analyzed by Downstream systems to produce all the. Downstream systems to produce all the Downstream systems to produce all the DAT it it should be available soon in. DAT it it should be available soon in DAT it it should be available soon in. Star expert all the price history all Star expert all the price history all Star expert all the price history all. The stats from surban the stats from surban the stats from surban Contrition okay great I think that's all. Contrition okay great I think that's all Contrition okay great I think that's all. We have time for today thank you for for we have time for today thank you for for. We have time for today thank you for for joining again thank you for inviting joining again thank you for inviting. Joining again thank you for inviting this was really interesting I love to this was really interesting I love to. This was really interesting I love to see some of the community build tools see some of the community build tools . See some of the community build tools it's it's a it was a pleasure to to chat. It's it's a it was a pleasure to to chat it's it's a it was a pleasure to to chat. To you again and yeah if anyone else to you again and yeah if anyone else to you again and yeah if anyone else. Has some some questions I'm sure they has some some questions I'm sure they has some some questions I'm sure they. Can they can reach out to you on on can they can reach out to you on on can they can reach out to you on on. Discord but yeah definitely for Discord but yeah definitely for Discord but yeah definitely for. Joining and thank you all this thank you joining and thank you all this thank you. Joining and thank you all this thank you okay thank you bye bye.
