Okay let's get this party started hey okay let's get this party started hey. Everyone welcome to storybond design everyone welcome to storybond design everyone welcome to storybond design. Discussions today we're gonna talk discussions today we're gonna talk discussions today we're gonna talk. About two topics transient storage and about two topics transient storage and about two topics transient storage and. Upgradable contracts I'm going to take upgradable contracts I'm going to take upgradable contracts I'm going to take. Over Justin and over Justin and over Justin and I apologize in advance for my nasal. I apologize in advance for my nasal I apologize in advance for my nasal sound I'm a bit congested. Sound I'm a bit congested sound I'm a bit congested is Dima here yes Dima do you wanna. is Dima here yes Dima do you wanna is Dima here yes Dima do you wanna. take us through transient storage take us through transient storage take us through transient storage. Yeah sure yeah sure yeah sure so is this really a pretty small so is this really a pretty small. so is this really a pretty small feature and I don't really want to feature and I don't really want to. Feature and I don't really want to spend too much time on it like if you spend too much time on it like if you. Spend too much time on it like if you think we don't need it let's just drop think we don't need it let's just drop. Think we don't need it let's just drop it but basically the idea he said it but basically the idea he said. It but basically the idea he said it's also next the cross contract it's also next the cross contract. it's also next the cross contract interactions interactions interactions are much more capable than without it. Are much more capable than without it are much more capable than without it for example if a contract. For example if a contract for example if a contract wants to do some temporary allowance. Wants to do some temporary allowance wants to do some temporary allowance to distribute funds between multiple. To distribute funds between multiple to distribute funds between multiple receivers or something like that. Receivers or something like that receivers or something like that it could create cause increase. it could create cause increase it could create cause increase allowance function and and do as a. Allowance function and and do as a allowance function and and do as a corresponding expert transfer phone call. Corresponding expert transfer phone call corresponding expert transfer phone call. Right right right and the thing is that allowance in and the thing is that allowance in. and the thing is that allowance in this case is not needed to be this case is not needed to be. This case is not needed to be persisted and my initial intention here persisted and my initial intention here. Persisted and my initial intention here why I came up with this ready in the why I came up with this ready in the. Why I came up with this ready in the first place is that I didn't want the first place is that I didn't want the. First place is that I didn't want the token to have any persisted allowances token to have any persisted allowances. Token to have any persisted allowances but but but yeah this was a topic we have. yeah this was a topic we have yeah this was a topic we have discussed last week and it doesn't. Discussed last week and it doesn't discussed last week and it doesn't seem like the general consensus is that. Seem like the general consensus is that seem like the general consensus is that the time being on the persistent. The time being on the persistent the time being on the persistent allowances to still remain in the token. Allowances to still remain in the token allowances to still remain in the token yeah but original this idea was if you. Yeah but original this idea was if you yeah but original this idea was if you want to create something that is needed. Want to create something that is needed want to create something that is needed only for the duration of the. Only for the duration of the only for the duration of the time you could use this ephemeral storage or. You could use this ephemeral storage or you could use this ephemeral storage or whatever his name is and basically its. Whatever his name is and basically its whatever his name is and basically its benefits were that. Benefits were that benefits were that it doesn't need to be included in the. It doesn't need to be included in the it doesn't need to be included in the footprint . Footprint footprint and it doesn't need to be written to The and it doesn't need to be written to The. And it doesn't need to be written to The Ledger which is beneficial both from the. Ledger which is beneficial both from the Ledger which is beneficial both from the. Like transaction size standpoint like transaction size standpoint like transaction size standpoint. Transaction costs 10 point and it's transaction costs 10 point and it's transaction costs 10 point and it's. Beneficial for The Ledger as well beneficial for The Ledger as well beneficial for The Ledger as well. and and and the other thing is that from the the other thing is that from the. The other thing is that from the interface 10 point it probably interface 10 point it probably. Interface 10 point it probably would be pretty simply to use from the would be pretty simply to use from the. Would be pretty simply to use from the SDK perspective because we can SDK perspective because we can. SDK perspective because we can abstract it away if needed and abstract it away if needed and. abstract it away if needed and meaning some generic interprets or maybe meaning some generic interprets or maybe. Meaning some generic interprets or maybe you can switch your plug or something so. You can switch your plug or something so you can switch your plug or something so. I wouldn't be too concerned about SDK I wouldn't be too concerned about SDK I wouldn't be too concerned about SDK. Side but I guess the main concern is side but I guess the main concern is side but I guess the main concern is. That valves running too many use cases that valves running too many use cases that valves running too many use cases. For that for that for that at least yet and I kind of agree at least yet and I kind of agree. at least yet and I kind of agree especially if he especially if he especially if he. just don't want to go with temporary just don't want to go with temporary. Just don't want to go with temporary allowances and we go with persistent allowances and we go with persistent. Allowances and we go with persistent allowances allowances allowances yeah I think I don't actually. yeah I think I don't actually yeah I think I don't actually want to upload the token interface with. Want to upload the token interface with want to upload the token interface with like multiple allowance types or. Like multiple allowance types or like multiple allowance types or something like that so you know you can. Something like that so you know you can something like that so you know you can drop it all we we can view it but not. Drop it all we we can view it but not drop it all we we can view it but not use it in token I don't have a really. Use it in token I don't have a really use it in token I don't have a really strong opinion like there are definitely. Strong opinion like there are definitely strong opinion like there are definitely. Some interested cases one can come up some interested cases one can come up some interested cases one can come up. With you know one contract calls another with you know one contract calls another. With you know one contract calls another contract multiple times and then as a contract multiple times and then as a. Contract multiple times and then as a contract made want to maintain some contract made want to maintain some. Contract made want to maintain some state state state but but but yeah maybe this cases are too narrow to. Yeah maybe this cases are too narrow to yeah maybe this cases are too narrow to worry about them now. Worry about them now worry about them now I guess that's I have to sleep now I guess that's I have to sleep now. I guess that's I have to sleep now got it so it is worth mentioning that got it so it is worth mentioning that . Got it so it is worth mentioning that this thing has been discussed a lot in this thing has been discussed a lot in. This thing has been discussed a lot in the ethereum ecosystem and I think the ethereum ecosystem and I think. The ethereum ecosystem and I think they're getting pretty close to actually they're getting pretty close to actually. They're getting pretty close to actually putting something like this that's putting something like this that's. Putting something like this that's the AP 1153 transient storage op the AP 1153 transient storage op. The AP 1153 transient storage op codes codes codes and in the ethereum ecosystem it's also. And in the ethereum ecosystem it's also and in the ethereum ecosystem it's also something that's been. Something that's been something that's been considered in the context of considered in the context of. considered in the context of re-entrancy attacks because it allows re-entrancy attacks because it allows. Re-entrancy attacks because it allows you to basically kind of like a contract you to basically kind of like a contract. You to basically kind of like a contract instead of flag that it's like being instead of flag that it's like being. Instead of flag that it's like being processed right now and then and then processed right now and then and then. Processed right now and then and then if there's like a re-entrance then if there's like a re-entrance then. If there's like a re-entrance then the contract can check that flag I the contract can check that flag I. The contract can check that flag I think for us it's less relevant right think for us it's less relevant right. Think for us it's less relevant right now because there's no re-engency now because there's no re-engency. Now because there's no re-engency possibility at all and I think that if possibility at all and I think that if. Possibility at all and I think that if we're gonna add re-entrancy possibility we're gonna add re-entrancy possibility. We're gonna add re-entrancy possibility there's probably going to be a flag in there's probably going to be a flag in. There's probably going to be a flag in the call function that allows you to set the call function that allows you to set. The call function that allows you to set like whether or not you you accept that like whether or not you you accept that. Like whether or not you you accept that so I think that's less of a motivation so I think that's less of a motivation. So I think that's less of a motivation for for for Soroban for for for Soroban. For for for Soroban my question to you do you mind I think I my question to you do you mind I think I. My question to you do you mind I think I asked this in the past aside from the asked this in the past aside from the. Asked this in the past aside from the allowances use case allowances use case allowances use case. is there are there any other is there are there any other is there are there any other. examples that you can point out too examples that you can point out too examples that you can point out too. So actually speaking of reinsurance I so actually speaking of reinsurance I so actually speaking of reinsurance I I. Think if we do it in whatever ways it think if we do it in whatever ways it think if we do it in whatever ways it. Might be actually useful and I just might be actually useful and I just might be actually useful and I just. Forgot to talk about this forgot to talk about this forgot to talk about this I don't know if I don't think there. I don't know if I don't think there I don't know if I don't think there. Are planning arrangements for everyone are planning arrangements for everyone are planning arrangements for everyone. maybe eventually I feel like it will maybe eventually I feel like it will maybe eventually I feel like it will. Be beneficial to be able to write some be beneficial to be able to write some be beneficial to be able to write some. Perfection bits even if it is Perfection bits even if it is Perfection bits even if it is. Controllable on the individual contract controllable on the individual contract controllable on the individual contract. Overall overall overall but otherwise I don't think I have a but otherwise I don't think I have a. But otherwise I don't think I have a super good concrete example super good concrete example. Super good concrete example I've been thinking generally about you I've been thinking generally about you. I've been thinking generally about you know us tickets know us tickets know us tickets . For approvals it's just for approvals it's just for approvals it's just a case of that but you know. A case of that but you know a case of that but you know in general you can imagine something. In general you can imagine something in general you can imagine something like a custom accounts a smartphone. Like a custom accounts a smartphone like a custom accounts a smartphone creating creating. Creating some authorization tickets that might be some authorization tickets that might be. Some authorization tickets that might be used during the used during the used during the. Execution time for multiple calls but execution time for multiple calls but execution time for multiple calls but. You know I guess the main issue here you know I guess the main issue here you know I guess the main issue here. Is that is that is that since since since this thing like this does not exist for. This thing like this does not exist for this thing like this does not exist for example in a cage yet right I guess. Example in a cage yet right I guess example in a cage yet right I guess run many users of that because well. Run many users of that because well run many users of that because well there's no such feature. There's no such feature there's no such feature so yeah but I cannot come up with. so yeah but I cannot come up with so yeah but I cannot come up with like I'm very convincing case right now. Like I'm very convincing case right now like I'm very convincing case right now like I have just some fake ideas I don't. Like I have just some fake ideas I don't like I have just some fake ideas I don't. Know obviously it can be implemented know obviously it can be implemented know obviously it can be implemented. Efficiently in azervation maybe they can efficiently in azervation maybe they can. Efficiently in azervation maybe they can yeah but the important part is that well. Yeah but the important part is that well yeah but the important part is that well. Yeah like I understand that use cases yeah like I understand that use cases yeah like I understand that use cases. Are probably not that obvious but also are probably not that obvious but also are probably not that obvious but also. the maintenance cost is pretty low as the maintenance cost is pretty low as. the maintenance cost is pretty low as well so it's not like a huge shade of well so it's not like a huge shade of. Well so it's not like a huge shade of it's not very good you know complicated it's not very good you know complicated. It's not very good you know complicated subsystem we need to maintain as well so subsystem we need to maintain as well so. Subsystem we need to maintain as well so yeah that's something big got it so I think that given that last. Got it so I think that given that last week we decided to keep long lasting week we decided to keep long lasting. Week we decided to keep long lasting approval or persistent approvals and approval or persistent approvals and. Approval or persistent approvals and given that given that given that you know simple authorizations are. you know simple authorizations are you know simple authorizations are handled by off next without actually. Handled by off next without actually handled by off next without actually requiring. Requiring requiring allowances at all allowances at all allowances at all. I would say that this is a pretty narrow I would say that this is a pretty narrow. I would say that this is a pretty narrow use case and use case and use case and. and we'll clutter the and we'll clutter the and we'll clutter the the asset interface. The asset interface the asset interface so I definitely agree with the sentiment so I definitely agree with the sentiment. So I definitely agree with the sentiment that that that we shouldn't include it and I wonder if. We shouldn't include it and I wonder if we shouldn't include it and I wonder if anyone else on this call has a different. Anyone else on this call has a different anyone else on this call has a different. thinking about that so you're saying not only remove it or so you're saying not only remove it or. Like don't make any changes the token like don't make any changes the token like don't make any changes the token. Contract but also remove it from and contract but also remove it from and contract but also remove it from and. The SDK right because it's been that the SDK right because it's been that the SDK right because it's been that. Like the the tooling for this has like the the tooling for this has like the the tooling for this has. Already been implemented right already been implemented right already been implemented right. Yeah my vote would be to remove it yeah my vote would be to remove it yeah my vote would be to remove it . Especially given that it's such a especially given that it's such a especially given that it's such a. Narrow use case and also narrow use case and also narrow use case and also you know with State expiration we. You know with State expiration we you know with State expiration we have a lot of different storage. Have a lot of different storage have a lot of different storage mechanics in in the end and I think. Mechanics in in the end and I think mechanics in in the end and I think that adding another storage mechanic. That adding another storage mechanic that adding another storage mechanic can just add to the product confusion. can just add to the product confusion can just add to the product confusion. For Developers for Developers for Developers yeah I agree if we're not going to use. Yeah I agree if we're not going to use yeah I agree if we're not going to use it then and we don't have any other. It then and we don't have any other it then and we don't have any other good use cases I'm fine with removing it. Yeah at 10 degrees well it it does yeah at 10 degrees well it it does. Sound like a very cool feature but it sound like a very cool feature but it. Sound like a very cool feature but it also also also to a large degree it's an. to a large degree it's an to a large degree it's an optimization and optimization and. Optimization and yeah there definitely is like a yeah there definitely is like a. Complexity cost to developers needing to complexity cost to developers needing to. Complexity cost to developers needing to be aware of this thing so you know be aware of this thing so you know. Be aware of this thing so you know knowing knowing knowing that it should or shouldn't be in a. that it should or shouldn't be in a that it should or shouldn't be in a footprint which I guess is largely taken. Footprint which I guess is largely taken footprint which I guess is largely taken. To get you know care of by the fact that to get you know care of by the fact that. To get you know care of by the fact that we generate the footprints for people we generate the footprints for people. We generate the footprints for people but but but may have developers needing to make a. may have developers needing to make a may have developers needing to make a. Choice about what they use it just seems choice about what they use it just seems. Choice about what they use it just seems like one more thing that people need to like one more thing that people need to. Like one more thing that people need to know and learn about or make a decision know and learn about or make a decision. Know and learn about or make a decision about about about that for the most part it sounds like. that for the most part it sounds like that for the most part it sounds like. We would be telling people we would be telling people we would be telling people don't use this this isn't something. Don't use this this isn't something don't use this this isn't something that you would use except for you know. That you would use except for you know that you would use except for you know these these educations. That is a very strong opinion I can that is a very strong opinion I can imagine finding use cases for it but if. Imagine finding use cases for it but if imagine finding use cases for it but if we're aiming for minimalism then I guess. We're aiming for minimalism then I guess we're aiming for minimalism then I guess. We remove it I don't really care we remove it I don't really care we remove it I don't really care. Is it in the current release the release is it in the current release the release. Is it in the current release the release has just gone in now okay it sounds like we're pretty. Okay it sounds like we're pretty in agreement right now on removing in agreement right now on removing. in agreement right now on removing this this this so so so I will we'll go to the next topic. I will we'll go to the next topic I will we'll go to the next topic which is upgradable content. Which is upgradable content which is upgradable content yeah yeah one small thing on this like. Yeah yeah one small thing on this like yeah yeah one small thing on this like since it is in the current release. Since it is in the current release since it is in the current release someone comes up is a good idea for use. Someone comes up is a good idea for use someone comes up is a good idea for use case please let me know. Case please let me know case please let me know because you know if there is. because you know if there is because you know if there is something legitimate that people can use. Something legitimate that people can use something legitimate that people can use. Right now and they they can play with it right now and they they can play with it. Right now and they they can play with it so you know we if it is if it seems so you know we if it is if it seems. So you know we if it is if it seems useful like we can reconsider this trade useful like we can reconsider this trade. Useful like we can reconsider this trade because it's not really correct oh it is. Because it's not really correct oh it is because it's not really correct oh it is. Not no right oh okay that's a bit not no right oh okay that's a bit not no right oh okay that's a bit. Unfortunate unfortunate unfortunate oh okay I guess you still can write oh okay I guess you still can write. oh okay I guess you still can write if you have some ideas yeah yeah and once it's asking if it was it. Yeah and once it's asking if it was it wouldn't be a complicated to include wouldn't be a complicated to include. Wouldn't be a complicated to include Post Main net it will be somewhat Post Main net it will be somewhat. Post Main net it will be somewhat complicated in a sense that it will complicated in a sense that it will. Complicated in a sense that it will require a protocol release but require a protocol release but. Require a protocol release but yeah it just will be one not complicated okay next topic is upgradable. Okay next topic is upgradable contract so Dima you distributed a doc contract so Dima you distributed a doc. Contract so Dima you distributed a doc a couple weeks ago that outlines a couple weeks ago that outlines. a couple weeks ago that outlines three different proposals and you've three different proposals and you've. Three different proposals and you've implemented one of them can you give implemented one of them can you give. implemented one of them can you give us a brief overview on the different on us a brief overview on the different on. Us a brief overview on the different on the problem and the different solutions the problem and the different solutions. The problem and the different solutions and focus on the one that you're and focus on the one that you're. And focus on the one that you're proposing proposing proposing yeah sure yeah sure. Yeah sure basically basically basically I essentially want some contract. I essentially want some contract I essentially want some contract upgrade mechanism to be shipped in V1. Upgrade mechanism to be shipped in V1 upgrade mechanism to be shipped in V1 just because if there is no such. Just because if there is no such just because if there is no such mechanisms and contracts written in V1. Mechanisms and contracts written in V1 mechanisms and contracts written in V1 will stay unupgradeable forever because. Will stay unupgradeable forever because will stay unupgradeable forever because no matter what mechanic we come up with. No matter what mechanic we come up with no matter what mechanic we come up with it will need to be controlled by the. It will need to be controlled by the it will need to be controlled by the contract itself and you know if contract. Contract itself and you know if contract contract itself and you know if contract. Doesn't have an updating kindness there doesn't have an updating kindness there doesn't have an updating kindness there. Is no way it can upgrade itself is no way it can upgrade itself is no way it can upgrade itself. so it is of course possible with the so it is of course possible with the so it is of course possible with the. Current tool set to build something like current tool set to build something like. Current tool set to build something like a proxy but the issue is that a proxy but the issue is that. A proxy but the issue is that the state the state the state will need to like the state of the proxy. Will need to like the state of the proxy will need to like the state of the proxy. Contract has to belonged as a top level contract has to belonged as a top level contract has to belonged as a top level. Contract 80 and currently it's not contract 80 and currently it's not contract 80 and currently it's not. Possible to achieve it so we need possible to achieve it so we need possible to achieve it so we need. Something to address this issue which something to address this issue which. Something to address this issue which is why I had things a proposal an is why I had things a proposal an. Is why I had things a proposal an assumption line were said okay we could assumption line were said okay we could. Assumption line were said okay we could add some sort of storage delegation add some sort of storage delegation. Add some sort of storage delegation mechanism which I think someone quoted mechanism which I think someone quoted. Mechanism which I think someone quoted existed in Solana maybe some other existed in Solana maybe some other. Existed in Solana maybe some other chain I believe it was one but it could chain I believe it was one but it could. Chain I believe it was one but it could be wrong here but basically it's just be wrong here but basically it's just. Be wrong here but basically it's just one of the approaches that is possible one of the approaches that is possible. One of the approaches that is possible or you say hey I allow or not yeah I or you say hey I allow or not yeah I. Or you say hey I allow or not yeah I allows that contract I'm calling to allows that contract I'm calling to. Allows that contract I'm calling to actually be using my storage it's not actually be using my storage it's not. Actually be using my storage it's not super straightforward to implement I super straightforward to implement I I. Super straightforward to implement I guess guess guess and also it is going to be relatively. and also it is going to be relatively and also it is going to be relatively. Manual in terms of like besides the manual in terms of like besides the manual in terms of like besides the. Storage delegation mechanism you still storage delegation mechanism you still storage delegation mechanism you still. Need to write all the focusing machine need to write all the focusing machine need to write all the focusing machine. Machinery which might be an overkill for Machinery which might be an overkill for. Machinery which might be an overkill for some cases so second option insert some cases so second option insert. Some cases so second option insert option but basically three depends option but basically three depends . Option but basically three depends options three develop since option two options three develop since option two. Options three develop since option two and and and yeah for the option two what we do is we. Yeah for the option two what we do is we yeah for the option two what we do is we. Just just just allows the contracts to update their allows the contracts to update their. Allows the contracts to update their conflict executable entry as we call it conflict executable entry as we call it. Conflict executable entry as we call it now or basically contract says now or basically contract says. Now or basically contract says this is a reference to my this is a reference to my. this is a reference to my implementation versus references hash of implementation versus references hash of. Implementation versus references hash of the Verizon web installed engine so the Verizon web installed engine so. The Verizon web installed engine so this is Proposal with Zipcar is already this is Proposal with Zipcar is already. This is Proposal with Zipcar is already deserve it just to allow contracts to deserve it just to allow contracts to. Deserve it just to allow contracts to call host function and update the hash call host function and update the hash. Call host function and update the hash of this wasn't blob to be some other of this wasn't blob to be some other. Of this wasn't blob to be some other value performs an updates so basically the performs an updates so basically the. Update logic and authorization logic is update logic and authorization logic is update logic and authorization logic is. On the contract developer which makes on the contract developer which makes on the contract developer which makes. Sense a sense a sense a he wants to have different authorization he wants to have different authorization. He wants to have different authorization approaches to this approaches to this approaches to this. but the main point is that but the main point is that but the main point is that. it is now possible to just upgrade it is now possible to just upgrade it is now possible to just upgrade. The button that has been used as an the button that has been used as an the button that has been used as an. Addendum to that is if you folks addendum to that is if you folks addendum to that is if you folks. Suggested then the suggested then the suggested then the I have this implemented as well. I have this implemented as well I have this implemented as well we will and we will and. we will and wasn't hash to their wasn't hash to their wasn't hash to their standardized signature payload for sales. Standardized signature payload for sales standardized signature payload for sales. just so that you know just so that you know just so that you know will will basically get a. will will basically get a will will basically get a some feedback if something has been. Some feedback if something has been some feedback if something has been updated once they were sending the. Updated once they were sending the updated once they were sending the transaction. Transaction transaction which I guess might make sense if which I guess might make sense if. which I guess might make sense if something has been signed a while ago something has been signed a while ago. Something has been signed a while ago well yeah that's kind of safety well yeah that's kind of safety . well yeah that's kind of safety measure that's comes with this measure that's comes with this. Measure that's comes with this obviously there are some security obviously there are some security. Obviously there are some security concerns but concerns but concerns but my guess is that this is not. My guess is that this is not my guess is that this is not significantly more different. Uality based sequels it can be strong uality based sequels it can be strong funds from it or something like that. Funds from it or something like that funds from it or something like that there are some angles to attack service. There are some angles to attack service there are some angles to attack service contracts and so on and so forth so. Contracts and so on and so forth so contracts and so on and so forth so basically it's ultimately on the. Basically it's ultimately on the basically it's ultimately on the contract developers and the good thing. Contract developers and the good thing contract developers and the good thing about this approach is that it is very. About this approach is that it is very about this approach is that it is very easy to tell that the contract is. Easy to tell that the contract is easy to tell that the contract is upgradable upgradable. Upgradable like it cannot be obfuscated as far as I like it cannot be obfuscated as far as I. Like it cannot be obfuscated as far as I understand because you need to follow understand because you need to follow. Understand because you need to follow the host function and kind of obfuscate the host function and kind of obfuscate. The host function and kind of obfuscate the plus function calls but the plus function calls but. The plus function calls but should be visible even from the Vasan should be visible even from the Vasan. should be visible even from the Vasan blobs that the contract is subgradable blobs that the contract is subgradable. Blobs that the contract is subgradable yeah and also as a benefit compared to yeah and also as a benefit compared to. Yeah and also as a benefit compared to the first option where we just automate the first option where we just automate. The first option where we just automate in the in the in the storage access this approach. storage access this approach storage access this approach allows to easily extends the interface. Allows to easily extends the interface allows to easily extends the interface so for example say you have some nft. So for example say you have some nft so for example say you have some nft contract and then after a year nft. Contract and then after a year nft contract and then after a year nft standard has been ironed out and some. Standard has been ironed out and some standard has been ironed out and some new functions have been added to it you. New functions have been added to it you new functions have been added to it you may just update implementation of your. May just update implementation of your may just update implementation of your nft and provide some new functions. Nft and provide some new functions nft and provide some new functions that's maybe a bad example I don't. that's maybe a bad example I don't that's maybe a bad example I don't know if that happens or not but you get. Know if that happens or not but you get know if that happens or not but you get the idea right that it's possible to. The idea right that it's possible to the idea right that it's possible to extend the interface without any special. Extend the interface without any special extend the interface without any special. Machinery and it's compatible with them machinery and it's compatible with them machinery and it's compatible with them. And host environment and host environment and host environment and option three is just another. and option three is just another and option three is just another feature on top of that. Feature on top of that feature on top of that where we allow besides a point where we allow besides a point. where we allow besides a point generator wasn't hash be allowed to generator wasn't hash be allowed to. Generator wasn't hash be allowed to point it a different contract point it a different contract. Point it a different contract and use these different contracts wasn't and use these different contracts wasn't. And use these different contracts wasn't hash as implementation hash as implementation. Hash as implementation and once this gives us basically a like and once this gives us basically a like. And once this gives us basically a like very cheap proxy pattern or it is very cheap proxy pattern or it is. Very cheap proxy pattern or it is possible to do centralized upgrades possible to do centralized upgrades. Possible to do centralized upgrades of the implementation on a bunch of of the implementation on a bunch of. of the implementation on a bunch of contracts contracts contracts this is how I have noticed. this is how I have noticed this is how I have noticed some bigger contracts work like uni. some bigger contracts work like uni some bigger contracts work like uni swap I believe. Swap I believe swap I believe where they have some implementation where they have some implementation. where they have some implementation contract and you know it can be updated contract and you know it can be updated. Contract and you know it can be updated in various ways for example there could in various ways for example there could. In various ways for example there could be some voting or something like this so be some voting or something like this so. Be some voting or something like this so again authorization is kind of on the again authorization is kind of on the. Again authorization is kind of on the contract Traders and it can be as contract Traders and it can be as. Contract Traders and it can be as complex as needed and then soon as the complex as needed and then soon as the. Complex as needed and then soon as the implementation is updated every instance implementation is updated every instance. Implementation is updated every instance of the contract gets update of the contract gets update. Of the contract gets update immediately which is close immediately which is close. Immediately which is close fast and cheap and it is fast and cheap and it is . Fast and cheap and it is of course more narrow use case than just of course more narrow use case than just. Of course more narrow use case than just upgrading a single contract instance but. Upgrading a single contract instance but upgrading a single contract instance but. Arguably it is pretty important as well arguably it is pretty important as well arguably it is pretty important as well. Because well it affects maybe a smaller because well it affects maybe a smaller because well it affects maybe a smaller. Fraction of the contractors are likely fraction of the contractors are likely fraction of the contractors are likely. The most the most the most meaningful contracts like uni swap so meaningful contracts like uni swap so. Meaningful contracts like uni swap so basically this will probably concern basically this will probably concern. Basically this will probably concern anyway token mm implementations and anyway token mm implementations and. Anyway token mm implementations and stuff like that because stuff like that because. Stuff like that because this tend to have many this tend to have many this tend to have many. Instances and say probably instances and say probably instances and say probably should be controlled by a single entity. Should be controlled by a single entity should be controlled by a single entity a lot of the time. A lot of the time a lot of the time so yeah this is options option two is so yeah this is options option two is. so yeah this is options option two is that is yeah all the parses there so that is yeah all the parses there so. That is yeah all the parses there so it's only a matter of review and it's it's only a matter of review and it's. It's only a matter of review and it's very easy extending it is not hard as very easy extending it is not hard as. Very easy extending it is not hard as well well well so I don't see a very good reason to. so I don't see a very good reason to so I don't see a very good reason to not do that besides maybe some. Not do that besides maybe some not do that besides maybe some additional ux complexity but. Additional ux complexity but additional ux complexity but I saw some folks had some. I saw some folks had some I saw some folks had some I won't say that so and that's. So I do feel like there's there's one so I do feel like there's there's one possible solution that is not. possible solution that is not possible solution that is not mentioned here and it it may be because. Mentioned here and it it may be because mentioned here and it it may be because it's like really bad from a performance. It's like really bad from a performance it's like really bad from a performance perspective but you could always create. Perspective but you could always create perspective but you could always create like a a simple. Like a a simple like a a simple kind of like contract that's that kind of like contract that's that. kind of like contract that's that just like stores things so like a just like stores things so like a. Just like stores things so like a storage access contract and then the storage access contract and then the. Storage access contract and then the proxy can like proxy can like proxy can like. you know can can pass that as an you know can can pass that as an you know can can pass that as an. Argument to whatever argument to whatever argument to whatever implementation contract it uses right. implementation contract it uses right implementation contract it uses right. Now right and and that's something now right and and that's something now right and and that's something. That's pretty much doable now that's pretty much doable now that's pretty much doable now. Yeah I guess that's an option that kind yeah I guess that's an option that kind yeah I guess that's an option that kind. Of yes of house of yes of house of yes of house supports for option one it is still like. Supports for option one it is still like supports for option one it is still like. Still wouldn't tell for the interface still wouldn't tell for the interface still wouldn't tell for the interface. Updates updates updates as I mentioned and of course this is as I mentioned and of course this is. as I mentioned and of course this is really really slow and really really slow and . Really really slow and I think it's all enough to the point of I think it's all enough to the point of. I think it's all enough to the point of being being being as well as your attaching the storage. As well as your attaching the storage as well as your attaching the storage wasn't like a couple of times. Wasn't like a couple of times wasn't like a couple of times okay okay okay. Separate separate to the performance separate separate to the performance separate separate to the performance. Issue I am curious on how authentication issue I am curious on how authentication. Issue I am curious on how authentication auth would work in that auth would work in that. Auth would work in that in that flow in that flow in that flow like with the auth be. like with the auth be like with the auth be between the two contracts or between the two contracts or. Between the two contracts or like how would you like how would you like how would you. Like the nice thing about like the nice thing about like the nice thing about auth. Auth auth for users or with the contractors for users or with the contractors. for users or with the contractors you're sort of like scoping their users you're sort of like scoping their users. You're sort of like scoping their users access access access potentially but. Potentially but potentially but would we be able to do the same thing would we be able to do the same thing. would we be able to do the same thing for a contract that's deeper I guess we for a contract that's deeper I guess we. For a contract that's deeper I guess we can with auth next sorry I like which approach are you. Sorry I like which approach are you referring to I'm just talking about what referring to I'm just talking about what. Referring to I'm just talking about what time it is the idea time it was sharing time it is the idea time it was sharing. Time it is the idea time it was sharing where data is where data is where data is. I guess it doesn't really matter you I guess it doesn't really matter you I guess it doesn't really matter you. Just like your storage interface instead just like your storage interface instead. Just like your storage interface instead of like calling storage through then if of like calling storage through then if. Of like calling storage through then if you would call storages and as a you would call storages and as a. You would call storages and as a contract and another contract would contract and another contract would. Contract and another contract would rely on the invoker being the admin rely on the invoker being the admin. rely on the invoker being the admin something exists something exists something exists. So basically so basically so basically it is definitely doable it is definitely doable. It is definitely doable other or not it's a good idea isn't other or not it's a good idea isn't. Other or not it's a good idea isn't probably it's not the best CD probably it's not the best CD. Probably it's not the best CD but I mean yeah it kind of works but I mean yeah it kind of works . But I mean yeah it kind of works and presumably it's a bad idea because and presumably it's a bad idea because. And presumably it's a bad idea because we were talking about what I we were talking about what I. We were talking about what I described as like three separate wasn't described as like three separate wasn't. Described as like three separate wasn't environments in it right environments in it right. Environments in it right yeah it's a ton of of the Cross VM yeah it's a ton of of the Cross VM. Yeah it's a ton of of the Cross VM calls and I mean every storage Bridge calls and I mean every storage Bridge. Calls and I mean every storage Bridge would be another VM read the right would be another VM read the right. Would be another VM read the right would be a VM code and VM codes are would be a VM code and VM codes are. Would be a VM code and VM codes are really expensive that's the most really expensive that's the most. Really expensive that's the most expensive thing you can do which is why expensive thing you can do which is why. Expensive thing you can do which is why kind of in favor of kind of in favor of. kind of in favor of built-in mechanisms because built-in mechanisms because . built-in mechanisms because besides providing some unique features besides providing some unique features. Besides providing some unique features they are also much more efficient they are also much more efficient. they are also much more efficient Point like additional VM instantiations Point like additional VM instantiations. Point like additional VM instantiations which are expensive right but if we if we go in the path of. Right but if we if we go in the path of introducing protocol changes for this introducing protocol changes for this. Introducing protocol changes for this you can imagine that like this and again. You can imagine that like this and again you can imagine that like this and again. I'm not attached to this idea in any way I'm not attached to this idea in any way. I'm not attached to this idea in any way but you can imagine a world in which we but you can imagine a world in which we. But you can imagine a world in which we take this you know simple take this you know simple. Take this you know simple contract contract contract like simple storage contract and and. like simple storage contract and and like simple storage contract and and nativize that. Nativize that nativize that so that so that so that so that it's native code. I'm not sure how would we negative is it I'm not sure how would we negative is it. it won't be possible it won't be possible it won't be possible oh yeah oh yeah. Oh yeah well so is that worth doing like I well so is that worth doing like I . Well so is that worth doing like I I'm curious why the like this that I'm curious why the like this that. I'm curious why the like this that approach is more beneficial than the approach is more beneficial than the. Approach is more beneficial than the solution too like just using the host solution too like just using the host. Solution too like just using the host function function function that's that's a good question so I I. That's that's a good question so I that's that's a good question so I think solution to is is possible my. Think solution to is is possible my think solution to is is possible my my knee-jerk reaction the solution too. My knee-jerk reaction the solution too my knee-jerk reaction the solution too is that the fact that a contract. Is that the fact that a contract is that the fact that a contract implementation can change is. Implementation can change is implementation can change is is not trivial like it's it's it's . is not trivial like it's it's it's is not trivial like it's it's it's . You know especially if you look at other you know especially if you look at other. You know especially if you look at other smart contract platforms out there right. Smart contract platforms out there right smart contract platforms out there right. Now now now I feel like that is going to be I feel like that is going to be. I feel like that is going to be something that is a bit something that is a bit. Something that is a bit more difficult for people to wrap their more difficult for people to wrap their. More difficult for people to wrap their heads around heads around heads around I'm not sure how is it different from. I'm not sure how is it different from I'm not sure how is it different from the processor. The processor the processor implementation change is exactly what implementation change is exactly what. Implementation change is exactly what happens it says that happens it says that happens it says that. instead of changing the contract that instead of changing the contract that. instead of changing the contract that is serving as implementation you are is serving as implementation you are. Is serving as implementation you are changing the implementation itself which changing the implementation itself which. Changing the implementation itself which is actually easier to trace a generic. Is actually easier to trace a generic is actually easier to trace a generic. Fashion because it's independent of any fashion because it's independent of any fashion because it's independent of any. Contracts contracts contracts yes from from from a user yes from from from a user. Yes from from from a user perspective I agree with you but if you perspective I agree with you but if you. Perspective I agree with you but if you look at the you know if you look at the look at the you know if you look at the. Look at the you know if you look at the usdc contract which is a proxy contract usdc contract which is a proxy contract. Usdc contract which is a proxy contract right now this you know it never changes right now this you know it never changes. Right now this you know it never changes right it's always still the proxy right it's always still the proxy. Right it's always still the proxy contract and the state changes and contract and the state changes and. Contract and the state changes and there's like a different address that it there's like a different address that it. There's like a different address that it forwards to but the contract itself forwards to but the contract itself. Forwards to but the contract itself didn't change right it's like an didn't change right it's like an. Didn't change right it's like an observer perspective like like a observer perspective like like a. Observer perspective like like a block Observer perspective block Observer perspective. Block Observer perspective well is it actually a good thing well is it actually a good thing. Well is it actually a good thing I don't think I don't think I don't think I think that's a good thing because I I. I think that's a good thing because I think that's a good thing because I think the fact that the actual code that. Think the fact that the actual code that think the fact that the actual code that. Runs like the fact that the actual runs like the fact that the actual runs like the fact that the actual. Contract code and this is semantics contract code and this is semantics contract code and this is semantics . So just there's a thing right it's a so just there's a thing right it's a so just there's a thing right it's a. Contract Behavior may change and it is contract Behavior may change and it is contract Behavior may change and it is. Actually hard to notice that it has actually hard to notice that it has actually hard to notice that it has. Changed pressing the second solution changed pressing the second solution changed pressing the second solution. emit an event probably and it will be emit an event probably and it will be. emit an event probably and it will be very clear that the implementation has very clear that the implementation has. Very clear that the implementation has changed I think it is it actually changed I think it is it actually. Changed I think it is it actually makes things more observable safer makes things more observable safer. Makes things more observable safer right because well you can argue yeah right because well you can argue yeah. Right because well you can argue yeah it is just a proxy right but it may it is just a proxy right but it may. It is just a proxy right but it may point it at a different implementation point it at a different implementation. Point it at a different implementation and if block Explorer actually cared and if block Explorer actually cared. And if block Explorer actually cared about that it would be pretty tricky for about that it would be pretty tricky for. About that it would be pretty tricky for break it would need to know how exactly break it would need to know how exactly. Break it would need to know how exactly this proxy reference is being stored or this proxy reference is being stored or. This proxy reference is being stored or you know introduce and standard based you know introduce and standard based. You know introduce and standard based events or something so I don't quite events or something so I don't quite. Events or something so I don't quite agree that agree that agree that it's necessarily a better thing because. It's necessarily a better thing because it's necessarily a better thing because it creates a false Impressions that the. It creates a false Impressions that the it creates a false Impressions that the contract doesn't change or it. Contract doesn't change or it contract doesn't change or it actually like its Behavior actually does. Actually like its Behavior actually does actually like its Behavior actually does. Change in fact change in fact change in fact but it's just sophisticated but it's just sophisticated. but it's just sophisticated yeah I think I think there's there's yeah I think I think there's there's. Yeah I think I think there's there's basically no way for us to I agree basically no way for us to I agree. Basically no way for us to I agree with Gemma here I think there's there's with Gemma here I think there's there's. With Gemma here I think there's there's no way for us to no way for us to no way for us to. prevent contract behavior from prevent contract behavior from prevent contract behavior from. Changing contracts can just can just changing contracts can just can just changing contracts can just can just. Change Behavior that's that's that's change Behavior that's that's that's change Behavior that's that's that's. Their nature they don't always if they their nature they don't always if they their nature they don't always if they. Did one thing yesterday they don't did one thing yesterday they don't did one thing yesterday they don't. Necessarily do the same thing today necessarily do the same thing today necessarily do the same thing today. Because they might have code in them because they might have code in them because they might have code in them. That says you know if it's Wednesday do that says you know if it's Wednesday do that says you know if it's Wednesday do. Something different right there's something different right there's something different right there's. There's always the possibility for there's always the possibility for there's always the possibility for. Contract changing contract changing contract changing what what you're getting out of. what what you're getting out of what what you're getting out of something being built into the protocol. Something being built into the protocol something being built into the protocol is a standard way of expressing a. Is a standard way of expressing a is a standard way of expressing a pattern of contract change and so block. Pattern of contract change and so block pattern of contract change and so block explorers or anyone else can actually. Explorers or anyone else can actually explorers or anyone else can actually observe that particular type of change. Observe that particular type of change observe that particular type of change which is upgrades and upgrades are. Which is upgrades and upgrades are which is upgrades and upgrades are you know the least pathological and most. You know the least pathological and most you know the least pathological and most. Expected type of contract change which expected type of contract change which expected type of contract change which. Is that someone just pushes an update to is that someone just pushes an update to. Is that someone just pushes an update to their contract because their contract because. Their contract because like life goes on and they've added like life goes on and they've added. Like life goes on and they've added teachers or they fix bugs that's that's teachers or they fix bugs that's that's. Teachers or they fix bugs that's that's something everyone does in software and something everyone does in software and. Something everyone does in software and so I think expressing it in protocol is so I think expressing it in protocol is. So I think expressing it in protocol is actually a good idea I'm in favor actually a good idea I'm in favor. Actually a good idea I'm in favor I think I think two or even three I think I think two or even three I. I think I think two or even three I think three can be layered on top of two think three can be layered on top of two. Think three can be layered on top of two like it can be done as a future like it can be done as a future. Like it can be done as a future extension so if it's going like MVP like extension so if it's going like MVP like. Extension so if it's going like MVP like we could just do we could just do we could just do . Number two initially and then have you number two initially and then have you number two initially and then have you. Know an additional know an additional know an additional flag on the thing called indirect. Flag on the thing called indirect flag on the thing called indirect reference rather than direct reference. Reference rather than direct reference reference rather than direct reference and that's not the end of the world but. And that's not the end of the world but and that's not the end of the world but I think building another product I. I think building another product I think building another product I mean this is like I'm a broken record I. Mean this is like I'm a broken record I mean this is like I'm a broken record I always want to build stuff into the. Always want to build stuff into the always want to build stuff into the protocol so this is no surprise coming. Protocol so this is no surprise coming protocol so this is no surprise coming from me but. From me but from me but I'm definitely on the do it in a I'm definitely on the do it in a. I'm definitely on the do it in a protocol level it's it's 100 of protocol level it's it's 100 of. Protocol level it's it's 100 of contracts are going to want to upgrade contracts are going to want to upgrade. Contracts are going to want to upgrade themselves at some point so it feels themselves at some point so it feels. Themselves at some point so it feels like supporting that is is quite natural yeah I think that was a really good. yeah I think that was a really good explanation from D mind grade I'm explanation from D mind grade I'm . Explanation from D mind grade I'm I've changed my mind I've changed my mind I've changed my mind. Also one more Point like you have also one more Point like you have also one more Point like you have. Mentioned native as in the contract I mentioned native as in the contract I mentioned native as in the contract I. Don't think you have a good user story don't think you have a good user story don't think you have a good user story. For that but I think actually this for that but I think actually this for that but I think actually this. Functionality probably can be leveraged functionality probably can be leveraged functionality probably can be leveraged. Because I'm because I'm because I'm not 100 sure if it will be ever able to not 100 sure if it will be ever able to. Not 100 sure if it will be ever able to kind of make current contract kind of make current contract. Kind of make current contract implementations native without a lot of implementations native without a lot of. Implementations native without a lot of fun guns especially like fun guns especially like. Fun guns especially like alternative implementations of the same alternative implementations of the same. Alternative implementations of the same interface that are slightly different interface that are slightly different. Interface that are slightly different which means that you know in the future which means that you know in the future. Which means that you know in the future you could say update current contract you could say update current contract. You could say update current contract not tourism but to any different not tourism but to any different. Not tourism but to any different implementation implementation implementation so that's another consideration and. so that's another consideration and so that's another consideration and another benefit of having this in. Another benefit of having this in another benefit of having this in protocol versus just something that Hulk. Protocol versus just something that Hulk protocol versus just something that Hulk. Builds with contracts foreign foreign there's one aspect of the way this there's one aspect of the way this. There's one aspect of the way this we're implementing this that I saw we're implementing this that I saw. We're implementing this that I saw getting discussed in Discord getting discussed in Discord. Getting discussed in Discord there was conversation about changing there was conversation about changing. there was conversation about changing how Earth worked how Earth worked how Earth worked. With updating so that with updating so that with updating so that signatures froth included the the. signatures froth included the the signatures froth included the the wasn't hash itself so that if an update. Wasn't hash itself so that if an update wasn't hash itself so that if an update occurs everyone's signatures get. Occurs everyone's signatures get occurs everyone's signatures get invalidated I I'm curious. Invalidated I I'm curious invalidated I I'm curious I guess like what the motivation for. I guess like what the motivation for I guess like what the motivation for that is. Yeah I'm to be clear I am kind of yeah I'm to be clear I am kind of neutral to that idea I think you can. Neutral to that idea I think you can neutral to that idea I think you can either do it or not do it . Either do it or not do it either do it or not do it there's a motivation was mostly about. There's a motivation was mostly about there's a motivation was mostly about culture and security implications like. Culture and security implications like culture and security implications like it adds. It adds it adds some degree of additional confidence some degree of additional confidence. Some degree of additional confidence right in what you're signing right in what you're signing. Right in what you're signing coming back to the most example of Hayes coming back to the most example of Hayes. Coming back to the most example of Hayes is the same contract well it kind of can. Is the same contract well it kind of can is the same contract well it kind of can. Be sure be sure be sure and I think this makes the most sense and I think this makes the most sense. and I think this makes the most sense when when when probably more concerned not about the. Probably more concerned not about the probably more concerned not about the. Implementation changing to something implementation changing to something implementation changing to something. That is clearly malicious say you that is clearly malicious say you that is clearly malicious say you. Know there was a token balance and know there was a token balance and know there was a token balance and. Sensor it's an update and sensor it's an update and sensor it's an update and admin now can transfer your whole. admin now can transfer your whole admin now can transfer your whole token balance elsewhere oh they probably. Token balance elsewhere oh they probably token balance elsewhere oh they probably. Can do this anyway but I got the point can do this anyway but I got the point can do this anyway but I got the point. Right so like we are not talking about right so like we are not talking about right so like we are not talking about. Malicious upgrades here but let's say malicious upgrades here but let's say malicious upgrades here but let's say. You just want contracts to be audited you just want contracts to be audited. You just want contracts to be audited if they are updated like you do not if they are updated like you do not. if they are updated like you do not trust contracts by default would say we trust contracts by default would say we. Trust contracts by default would say we have some database of trusted contracts have some database of trusted contracts. Have some database of trusted contracts right and if the contract is getting right and if the contract is getting. Right and if the contract is getting updated chances are it won't immediately updated chances are it won't immediately. Updated chances are it won't immediately get to this database for example you get to this database for example you. Get to this database for example you know we can connect your wallet to it or know we can connect your wallet to it or. Know we can connect your wallet to it or something like this something like this something like this. which kind of makes it reasonable to which kind of makes it reasonable to which kind of makes it reasonable to. Just sign for a certain implementation just sign for a certain implementation just sign for a certain implementation. And you know if it has changed then it and you know if it has changed then it and you know if it has changed then it. Will basically get to learn it about will basically get to learn it about will basically get to learn it about. This or something like that so basically this or something like that so basically. This or something like that so basically your wallet will be more aware about your wallet will be more aware about. Your wallet will be more aware about what you are signing and what you are signing and. What you are signing and there is more there is more there is more possibilities for the audit. Possibilities for the audit possibilities for the audit let's get inside of course this is all. Let's get inside of course this is all let's get inside of course this is all just Theory I don't know this will. Just Theory I don't know this will just Theory I don't know this will happen in reality but this is something. Happen in reality but this is something happen in reality but this is something that we enable if we add implementation. That we enable if we add implementation that we enable if we add implementation to the US payload so let's say it again. Yeah yeah because it sounds it sounds yeah yeah because it sounds it sounds like I wasn't sure if this was like part. Like I wasn't sure if this was like part like I wasn't sure if this was like part. Of the core idea what which I think it of the core idea what which I think it of the core idea what which I think it. Sounds like it's something we're just sounds like it's something we're just sounds like it's something we're just. Sort of considering on the side then sort of considering on the side then sort of considering on the side then. yeah I think my concern about it is that yeah I think my concern about it is that. Yeah I think my concern about it is that it's more of like an advanced user it it's more of like an advanced user it. It's more of like an advanced user it sounds like more of something that like sounds like more of something that like. Sounds like more of something that like an advanced user would care about I'm an advanced user would care about I'm. An advanced user would care about I'm not the general user not the general user not the general user. And to enforce something like that on and to enforce something like that on and to enforce something like that on. The general user I think would actually the general user I think would actually the general user I think would actually. Create problems you know in the moment create problems you know in the moment create problems you know in the moment. That a contract upgrades anybody who's that a contract upgrades anybody who's that a contract upgrades anybody who's. Currently submitting your transaction is currently submitting your transaction is. Currently submitting your transaction is going to fail the vast majority of those. Going to fail the vast majority of those going to fail the vast majority of those. Users probably don't care and they users probably don't care and they users probably don't care and they. Probably just want to go and gonna have probably just want to go and gonna have probably just want to go and gonna have. To go resign something that they would to go resign something that they would to go resign something that they would. Have been happy to go through anyway have been happy to go through anyway have been happy to go through anyway. and I think I like and I think I like and I think I like we always have the weak link that a. We always have the weak link that a we always have the weak link that a contract developer could just implement. Contract developer could just implement contract developer could just implement the proxy button sorry that you know the. The proxy button sorry that you know the the proxy button sorry that you know the. Thing that you're signing doesn't change thing that you're signing doesn't change. Thing that you're signing doesn't change but the thing with the logic actually is. But the thing with the logic actually is but the thing with the logic actually is. will yeah sure it's I guess as I said it's yeah sure it's I guess as I said it's. More about the question of Trust more about the question of Trust more about the question of Trust. Basically let's say basically let's say basically let's say you have some swap contract that doesn't. You have some swap contract that doesn't you have some swap contract that doesn't. Actually hold any balances so it doesn't actually hold any balances so it doesn't. Actually hold any balances so it doesn't really care about really care about really care about. you know if someone can suddenly drain you know if someone can suddenly drain. You know if someone can suddenly drain funds from it but you do care about its funds from it but you do care about its. Funds from it but you do care about its implementation and again this kind of implementation and again this kind of. Implementation and again this kind of needs some needs some needs some mechanisms for. Mechanisms for mechanisms for accessing some audited accessing some audited accessing some audited. Implementations implementations implementations results that of course it makes zero. Results that of course it makes zero results that of course it makes zero sense sense. Sense with that it makes some sense for the with that it makes some sense for the. with that it makes some sense for the cases when you have some contracts that cases when you have some contracts that. Cases when you have some contracts that per C doesn't matter much because yes per C doesn't matter much because yes. Per C doesn't matter much because yes country proxy proxy pattern could be country proxy proxy pattern could be. Country proxy proxy pattern could be implemented right but then you know like implemented right but then you know like. Implemented right but then you know like would you trust this contract in the would you trust this contract in the. Would you trust this contract in the first place right yeah talking about first place right yeah talking about. First place right yeah talking about this use case for you know you worry this use case for you know you worry. This use case for you know you worry about the contracts being audited and about the contracts being audited and . About the contracts being audited and right that's something I don't really right that's something I don't really. Right that's something I don't really know for now how that would work right know for now how that would work right. Know for now how that would work right because in general having some trusted because in general having some trusted. Because in general having some trusted contracts contract implementation contracts contract implementation. Contracts contract implementation databases is databases is databases is something that seems like a good idea. Something that seems like a good idea something that seems like a good idea but for those days will need to be built. But for those days will need to be built but for those days will need to be built. By community and I don't know to each by community and I don't know to each by community and I don't know to each. Degree degree degree only to cover all the cases so yeah only to cover all the cases so yeah. only to cover all the cases so yeah as I said I'm kind of partial in the as I said I'm kind of partial in the. As I said I'm kind of partial in the city as well I city as well I city as well I. I understand some arguments for it and I understand some arguments for it and I understand some arguments for it and. interest against it you know for some interest against it you know for some. interest against it you know for some it will be just an annoyance thing it will be just an annoyance thing. It will be just an annoyance thing not sure maybe we should ask for Timbers not sure maybe we should ask for Timbers. Not sure maybe we should ask for Timbers and thinkers opinions because saber and thinkers opinions because saber. And thinkers opinions because saber advocating for advocating for advocating for I didn't maybe they have more arguments. I didn't maybe they have more arguments I didn't maybe they have more arguments as well right yeah so I'm I don't. As well right yeah so I'm I don't as well right yeah so I'm I don't disagree that this this probably has. Disagree that this this probably has disagree that this this probably has some utility. Some utility some utility but but but I feel like there's an opportunity here. I feel like there's an opportunity here I feel like there's an opportunity here for us to implement this in such a way. For us to implement this in such a way for us to implement this in such a way that it's not. That it's not that it's not required you know it's not part of the required you know it's not part of the. Required you know it's not part of the like you know if we make it part of the like you know if we make it part of the. Like you know if we make it part of the signature then in theory signature then in theory. Signature then in theory everybody has to buy us into this model everybody has to buy us into this model. Everybody has to buy us into this model this very very over cautious I'm only this very very over cautious I'm only. This very very over cautious I'm only going to use something that's going to use something that's. Going to use something that's yeah like basically buying into that yeah like basically buying into that. Yeah like basically buying into that whereas whereas whereas if we find a different way to implement. If we find a different way to implement if we find a different way to implement that requirement. That requirement that requirement such that it's not actually part of the such that it's not actually part of the. Such that it's not actually part of the signature but maybe of the invocation signature but maybe of the invocation. Signature but maybe of the invocation but maybe it's part of the you know like but maybe it's part of the you know like. But maybe it's part of the you know like we have the footprint for example maybe we have the footprint for example maybe. We have the footprint for example maybe we have something like the footprint we have something like the footprint. We have something like the footprint that lists out the wasm hashes of the that lists out the wasm hashes of the. That lists out the wasm hashes of the contracts that you're invoking and the contracts that you're invoking and the. Contracts that you're invoking and the protocol just checks that so it's protocol just checks that so it's. Protocol just checks that so it's actually part of the the signature for actually part of the the signature for. Actually part of the the signature for the actual invocation but it's part of the actual invocation but it's part of. The actual invocation but it's part of the signature for the transaction maybe the signature for the transaction maybe. The signature for the transaction maybe I don't know I don't know I don't know yeah actually that's a great point now. Yeah actually that's a great point now yeah actually that's a great point now that I think about it you kind of. That I think about it you kind of that I think about it you kind of oh it's not you it's a transaction. Oh it's not you it's a transaction oh it's not you it's a transaction Source who is signing the footprint. Source who is signing the footprint Source who is signing the footprint but that's an interesting point if. but that's an interesting point if but that's an interesting point if the contract updates. The contract updates the contract updates that transactions will anyway fail that transactions will anyway fail. That transactions will anyway fail because they are accessing a different because they are accessing a different. Because they are accessing a different wage or entry wage or entry wage or entry it just kind of interesting right. it just kind of interesting right it just kind of interesting right like of course it needs to happen in in. Like of course it needs to happen in in like of course it needs to happen in in the short time window between like. The short time window between like the short time window between like pre-flight snapshot getting updated and. Pre-flight snapshot getting updated and pre-flight snapshot getting updated and the contribution update is in this. The contribution update is in this the contribution update is in this window and the transactions will still. Window and the transactions will still window and the transactions will still fail so. Fail so fail so yeah I don't know if it would yeah I don't know if it would. Yeah I don't know if it would necessarily be part of the footprint but necessarily be part of the footprint but. Necessarily be part of the footprint but maybe something like the footprint if it. Maybe something like the footprint if it maybe something like the footprint if it. Can't be part of the same thing yeah can't be part of the same thing yeah can't be part of the same thing yeah. Just where you could list out you know just where you could list out you know just where you could list out you know. These are the contracts that I'm willing these are the contracts that I'm willing. These are the contracts that I'm willing to be executed in this oh right yeah but. To be executed in this oh right yeah but to be executed in this oh right yeah but. Yeah but but truly thinking about it yeah but but truly thinking about it yeah but but truly thinking about it. it seems like the window where you it seems like the window where you it seems like the window where you. Would sign something would sign something would sign something basically you could just do this soft. Basically you could just do this soft basically you could just do this soft chain right maybe you shouldn't really. Chain right maybe you shouldn't really chain right maybe you shouldn't really worry about plotting the transactions. Worry about plotting the transactions worry about plotting the transactions with this because like if you really. With this because like if you really with this because like if you really care about that and your wallet has some. Care about that and your wallet has some care about that and your wallet has some. Logic that can that has some base of logic that can that has some base of logic that can that has some base of. Trust and implementations right trust and implementations right trust and implementations right. it just can be maintained by doing it just can be maintained by doing. it just can be maintained by doing some redundantly requests to the lecture. Some redundantly requests to the lecture some redundantly requests to the lecture. Snapshots that are presumably fresh and snapshots that are presumably fresh and snapshots that are presumably fresh and. Probably from the security system point probably from the security system point probably from the security system point. It's going to be really that much it's going to be really that much it's going to be really that much. Different from signing the version hash different from signing the version hash different from signing the version hash. Because because because the time window for the contract has the time window for the contract has. The time window for the contract has been updated but the snapshot of The been updated but the snapshot of The. Been updated but the snapshot of The Ledger hasn't been updated kind of Ledger hasn't been updated kind of. Ledger hasn't been updated kind of coincides with the pre-flight call coincides with the pre-flight call. Coincides with the pre-flight call anyway so anyway so anyway so your transaction will still probably. Your transaction will still probably your transaction will still probably fail because it has invalid footprint. Fail because it has invalid footprint fail because it has invalid footprint maybe signature shouldn't be even. Maybe signature shouldn't be even maybe signature shouldn't be even concerned about that like. Concerned about that like concerned about that like first really need to align for you to. First really need to align for you to first really need to align for you to basically. Basically basically sign a call without knowing that the sign a call without knowing that the. Sign a call without knowing that the contract has been updated and actually contract has been updated and actually. Contract has been updated and actually relating it as I'm not sure relating it as I'm not sure. Relating it as I'm not sure possible so yeah I think that's maybe a possible so yeah I think that's maybe a. Possible so yeah I think that's maybe a good point and good point and good point and. We shouldn't worry about it's too much we shouldn't worry about it's too much we shouldn't worry about it's too much. And it seems like the just the forward and it seems like the just the forward and it seems like the just the forward. Side implementation is reasonably safe side implementation is reasonably safe side implementation is reasonably safe. if you really concerned about what if you really concerned about what. if you really concerned about what contracts you're calling are there any other open questions . are there any other open questions Dima about the implementation of Dima about the implementation of . Dima about the implementation of proposal number two that you want to proposal number two that you want to. Proposal number two that you want to consult with with a group actually I think it's super. Actually I think it's super straightforward straightforward straightforward yeah I think it's pretty easy to use and. Yeah I think it's pretty easy to use and doesn't introduce too much percent. Doesn't introduce too much percent doesn't introduce too much percent unless as well so yeah. Okay okay are there any other questions from are there any other questions from. are there any other questions from anyone else on stage or in the audience okay this has been very productive. Okay this has been very productive thank you all and we can keep thank you all and we can keep. Thank you all and we can keep chatting on the on Discord if you chatting on the on Discord if you. Chatting on the on Discord if you have any further questions have any further questions. Have any further questions have a great day y'all.
