Hello everyone and welcome to this Hello everyone and welcome to this phenomenal panel called Blog-Driven Businesses. Phenomenal panel called Blog-Driven Businesses phenomenal panel called Blog-Driven Businesses. In Latin America. My name is in Latin America. My name is in Latin America. My name is. Mercedes Madani from Leader of Partnerships Mercedes Madani from Leader of Partnerships. Mercedes Madani from Leader of Partnerships at By Brand, the virtual wallet at By Brand, the virtual wallet. At By Brand, the virtual wallet developed at Estelar. It's an honor for developed at Estelar. It's an honor for. Developed at Estelar. It's an honor for me to be here today with the leaders of me to be here today with the leaders of. Me to be here today with the leaders of Block Change in Latin America. Block Change in Latin America. Block Change in Latin America. I want to give a brief introduction so you can get to I want to give a brief introduction so you can get to. I want to give a brief introduction so you can get to know them. I see we're all here, so let's. Know them. I see we're all here, so let's know them. I see we're all here, so let's. Start with Rubén. Hello Rubén, and start with Rubén. Hello Rubén, and start with Rubén. Hello Rubén, and. Welcome. Tell us a little about welcome. Tell us a little about welcome. Tell us a little about. Voz y de Arte. Voz y de Arte. Voz y de Arte. Hello, how are you? Can you hear me well? Hello, how are you? Can you hear me well? Hello, how are you? Can you hear me well? Is this Cristian? Is this Cristian? Is this Cristian? Perfect. Well, I'm Rubén Galindo, Perfect. Well, I'm Rubén Galindo, Perfect. Well, I'm Rubén Galindo,. The CEO of El Tiempo or Sitio. I've been the CEO of El Tiempo or Sitio. I've been. The CEO of El Tiempo or Sitio. I've been in this job for seven years. It's been in this job for seven years. It's been. In this job for seven years. It's been a great adventure. We started a great adventure. We started. A great adventure. We started with the mission of giving with the mission of giving. With the mission of giving financial freedom to the people of Latin America financial freedom to the people of Latin America. Financial freedom to the people of Latin America because we believe it's a because we believe it's a. Because we believe it's a human right to have human right to have human right to have. Access to financial services that access to financial services that access to financial services that. Let you do what you want to do. And let you do what you want to do. And let you do what you want to do. And. Many times, many times, many times, as I said, "Are you listening?" "We're as I said, "Are you listening?" "We're. As I said, "Are you listening?" "We're not listening, 65, friend. My computer is telling me it's My computer is telling me it's changing the audio selection." But well, we think it's. Changing the audio selection." But well, we think it's financial freedom, and because of that. Financial freedom, and because of that feeling of... Injustice! We feeling of... Injustice! We. Feeling of... Injustice! We created this platform so that created this platform so that. Created this platform so that everyone can have access to money that everyone can have access to money that. Everyone can have access to money that is connected to the rest of the world, is connected to the rest of the world,. Is connected to the rest of the world, no matter where they are or no matter where they are or. No matter where they are or the conditions in their countries. And the conditions in their countries. And. The conditions in their countries. And I love being here in a I love being here in a. I love being here in a blogging discussion because I believe that blogging discussion because I believe that. Blogging discussion because I believe that this financial freedom movement, this financial freedom movement,. This financial freedom movement, or this fight, is a or this fight, is a or this fight, is a. Decentralized fight being waged on decentralized fight being waged on decentralized fight being waged on. Different fronts by different different fronts by different different fronts by different. Companies that make up different parts companies that make up different parts companies that make up different parts. Of the ecosystem. And I would love for of the ecosystem. And I would love for of the ecosystem. And I would love for. This call to result in more this call to result in more this call to result in more. Entrepreneurs willing to entrepreneurs willing to entrepreneurs willing to join the battle, taking on a role in. Join the battle, taking on a role in join the battle, taking on a role in any of the verticals or. The verticals or supply chain steps, to give supply chain steps, to give supply chain steps, to give. Americans and people all over the Americans and people all over the Americans and people all over the. World financial freedom. Thanks to world financial freedom. Thanks to world financial freedom. Thanks to. Ruben, the mission is impressive. And well, we Ruben, the mission is impressive. And well, we. Ruben, the mission is impressive. And well, we want to hear more. Now, let me want to hear more. Now, let me. Want to hear more. Now, let me introduce Jacques. Thank you for your introduce Jacques. Thank you for your. Invitation. Hello everyone, I'm Jack invitation. Hello everyone, I'm Jack Saracco, co-founder and leader of business. Saracco, co-founder and leader of business Saracco, co-founder and leader of business. Development and partnerships in Seattle. Development and partnerships in Seattle. Development and partnerships in Seattle. We are the largest fiat ramp in We are the largest fiat ramp in We are the largest fiat ramp in. Latin America. We acquire Latin America. We acquire Latin America. We acquire users by letting them buy crypto. Users by letting them buy crypto users by letting them buy crypto with local fiat in Argentina, Brazil,. With local fiat in Argentina, Brazil, with local fiat in Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico. And well, it seemed very logical. And Mexico. And well, it seemed very logical. And Mexico. And well, it seemed very logical. Rubén, we started in 2018 with the Rubén, we started in 2018 with the Rubén, we started in 2018 with the. Goal of helping the masses, goal of helping the masses, goal of helping the masses,. Everyone, to transition everyone, to transition everyone, to transition from fiat to crypto in the. From fiat to crypto in the from fiat to crypto in the easiest, fastest, and most scalable way possible. Easiest, fastest, and most scalable way possible. Easiest, fastest, and most scalable way possible. I think we're in a I think we're in a phase of greater infrastructure, where the phase of greater infrastructure, where the. Phase of greater infrastructure, where the art is richer, and we aim art is richer, and we aim. Art is richer, and we aim to help decentralize to help decentralize to help decentralize. Institutions with institutions with institutions with centralized applications that want to start. Centralized applications that want to start centralized applications that want to start. Attracting users and giving them financial freedom. Attracting users and giving them financial freedom. Attracting users and giving them financial freedom. But we're always thinking about how to But we're always thinking about how to give Latin. Give Latin give Latin Americans, who mostly Americans, who mostly Americans, who mostly. Suffer from inflation and excessive suffer from inflation and excessive suffer from inflation and excessive. Monetary power, the opportunity to monetary power, the opportunity to monetary power, the opportunity to. Give this power back to the people and give this power back to the people and give this power back to the people and. The user instead of letting the user instead of letting the user instead of letting. A few keep it. So that's what we do a few keep it. So that's what we do a few keep it. So that's what we do. At Zettel, and I think I share at Zettel, and I think I share at Zettel, and I think I share. Exactly the same view as Rubén. If we exactly the same view as Rubén. If we exactly the same view as Rubén. If we. Can get more entrepreneurs from this who can get more entrepreneurs from this who. Can get more entrepreneurs from this who want to create more applications want to create more applications. Want to create more applications with more motivation, creating a with more motivation, creating a. With more motivation, creating a bigger crypto industry, everyone bigger crypto industry, everyone. Bigger crypto industry, everyone wins. Thanks for the wins. Thanks for the wins. Thanks for the. Intro. We also want to hear more about intro. We also want to hear more about intro. We also want to hear more about. Voz and being a network. Now, hi Voz and being a network. Now, hi Voz and being a network. Now, hi. Milagros, can you tell us about Milagros, can you tell us about Milagros, can you tell us about. Voz and how close you are to Bay Brand and Mercedes Voz and how close you are to Bay Brand and Mercedes. Voz and how close you are to Bay Brand and Mercedes Sole? And thank you for the invitation. Sole? And thank you for the invitation. Sole? And thank you for the invitation. My name is Milagros Chorro. I'm the My name is Milagros Chorro. I'm the My name is Milagros Chorro. I'm the. Content marketing lead for content marketing lead for content marketing lead for Buy Brand by Frank T. It's a. Buy Brand by Frank T. It's a Buy Brand by Frank T. It's a digital wallet that uses. Digital wallet that uses digital wallet that uses blockchain technology and allows you to buy, store,. Blockchain technology and allows you to buy, store, blockchain technology and allows you to buy, store,. Send, and receive. Our send, and receive. Our send, and receive. Our wallet is developed on external. Wallet is developed on external wallet is developed on external blockchain, which makes it possible for. Blockchain, which makes it possible for blockchain, which makes it possible for users to send and receive. Users to send and receive users to send and receive unlimited transactions for unlimited transactions for. Unlimited transactions for free. We're also part of the Steller free. We're also part of the Steller. Free. We're also part of the Steller Development Foundation, the Development Foundation, the. Development Foundation, the non-profit organization that oversees the non-profit organization that oversees the. Non-profit organization that oversees the Steller network. To tell you a little about my. Steller network. To tell you a little about my Steller network. To tell you a little about my. Personal story and how I got here, I have a degree personal story and how I got here, I have a degree. Personal story and how I got here, I have a degree in international relations and have. In international relations and have in international relations and have worked in marketing for a few years. A. Worked in marketing for a few years. A worked in marketing for a few years. A little over a year ago, I couldn't have known. Little over a year ago, I couldn't have known little over a year ago, I couldn't have known. This industry. I'm this industry. I'm this industry. I'm super happy to be here and to. Super happy to be here and to super happy to be here and to share this event with this incredible. Share this event with this incredible share this event with this incredible panel of speakers we have today. Panel of speakers we have today. Panel of speakers we have today. Thank you so much, Milagros. I want to clarify for Thank you so much, Milagros. I want to clarify for. Thank you so much, Milagros. I want to clarify for those watching that Milagros and I. Those watching that Milagros and I those watching that Milagros and I work together, and it's amazing to have you. Work together, and it's amazing to have you work together, and it's amazing to have you. Here on this panel. And now, Matías, here on this panel. And now, Matías, here on this panel. And now, Matías,. Eager to hear about Voz and eager to hear about Voz and eager to hear about Voz and. Cronos Page. It's Cronos Page. It's Cronos Page. It's a pleasure, and a pleasure to. A pleasure, and a pleasure to a pleasure, and a pleasure to everyone else for being here. Thank you. I. Everyone else for being here. Thank you. I everyone else for being here. Thank you. I. 'm a co-founder and I'm the head of Cronos, 'm a co-founder and I'm the head of Cronos,. 'm a co-founder and I'm the head of Cronos, but it's a startup that but it's a startup that. But it's a startup that basically focuses on this fight. As basically focuses on this fight. As. Basically focuses on this fight. As the guys were saying, the the guys were saying, the. The guys were saying, the difference between big and difference between big and difference between big and. Small players in South America, with all the small players in South America, with all the. Small players in South America, with all the struggles of the big players and the high. Struggles of the big players and the high struggles of the big players and the high. Costs of transfers and collections, is significant. Costs of transfers and collections, is significant. Costs of transfers and collections, is significant. We basically apply all the We basically apply all the We basically apply all the technology of Block Change, particularly to the. Technology of Block Change, particularly to the technology of Block Change, particularly to the. Stellar platform, trying to optimize all Stellar platform, trying to optimize all. Stellar platform, trying to optimize all those channels and bring those channels and bring. Those channels and bring cost optimization and cost optimization and cost optimization and. Transaction speed not only to individuals transaction speed not only to individuals. Transaction speed not only to individuals but also to companies, but also to companies,. But also to companies, entrepreneurs, and freelancers. We also focus very entrepreneurs, and freelancers. We also focus very. Entrepreneurs, and freelancers. We also focus very importantly not only on importantly not only on. Importantly not only on online payments but also on online payments but also on online payments but also on. In-person payments, which I can in-person payments, which I can in-person payments, which I can. Explain in a bit more detail later if you'd like. We explain in a bit more detail later if you'd like. We. Explain in a bit more detail later if you'd like. We want to hear from everyone. Want to hear from everyone. Want to hear from everyone. Impressive and super innovative. Well, Impressive and super innovative. Well, Impressive and super innovative. Well,. With this panel of 10, we want to spread the word about with this panel of 10, we want to spread the word about. With this panel of 10, we want to spread the word about the possibilities of Block. The possibilities of Block the possibilities of Block Change technology and continue to boost the ecosystem by. Change technology and continue to boost the ecosystem by Change technology and continue to boost the ecosystem by. Democratizing access for democratizing access for democratizing access for users, developers, and. Users, developers, and users, developers, and entrepreneurs alike. We believe this panel should be. Entrepreneurs alike. We believe this panel should be entrepreneurs alike. We believe this panel should be. Interactive, so if you have any questions, interactive, so if you have any questions,. Interactive, so if you have any questions, please ask them through the chat. Please ask them through the chat. Please ask them through the chat. At the end of the talk, we'll At the end of the talk, we'll At the end of the talk, we'll. Try to answer some. Try to answer some. Try to answer some. Okay, let's begin. I want to start with Okay, let's begin. I want to start with Okay, let's begin. I want to start with. A pretty simple question: How a pretty simple question: How a pretty simple question: How. Did you discover Block Change, and what's your did you discover Block Change, and what's your. Did you discover Block Change, and what's your story in the ecosystem, Rubén? Let's see if you want to start over. Rubén? Let's see if you want to start over. Sure, with pleasure. Sure, with pleasure. Sure, with pleasure. I started in Blog Change in the... In 2015, I started in Blog Change in the... In 2015,. I started in Blog Change in the... In 2015, maybe in 2014, someone invited me to. Maybe in 2014, someone invited me to maybe in 2014, someone invited me to breakfast in November. Breakfast in November breakfast in November to talk about Bitcoin. I to talk about Bitcoin. I. To talk about Bitcoin. I was at my best friend's house; he's getting was at my best friend's house; he's getting. Was at my best friend's house; he's getting married tomorrow, and I have to write some. Married tomorrow, and I have to write some married tomorrow, and I have to write some. Pitches for his wedding. There at that pitches for his wedding. There at that pitches for his wedding. There at that. Table, I had an offer to go and be table, I had an offer to go and be table, I had an offer to go and be. An an an intern at what were the first sexting- intern at what were the first sexting-. Intern at what were the first sexting- described programs that existed, and it was called... Described programs that existed, and it was called... Described programs that existed, and it was called... But but but I didn't know if I wanted to go. We just wanted to go so much. I didn't know if I wanted to go. We just wanted to go so much. I. Arrived in San Francisco on January 1st or 8th, arrived in San Francisco on January 1st or 8th,. I think, of 2015, at this startup, and I think, of 2015, at this startup, and I think, of 2015, at this startup, and. Our task in this state as our task in this state as our task in this state as interns would be to sell it. We didn't know who we. Interns would be to sell it. We didn't know who we interns would be to sell it. We didn't know who we. Could sell the promise of the could sell the promise of the could sell the promise of the. Block to. They even had their own block to. They even had their own block to. They even had their own. Research Inc., which was a Research Inc., which was a Research Inc., which was a very unique abstraction of the blog for their coins, and they. Very unique abstraction of the blog for their coins, and they very unique abstraction of the blog for their coins, and they. Were doing it before everyone else. We were doing it before everyone else. We were doing it before everyone else. We. Tried to sell it to tried to sell it to tried to sell it to mobile phone companies,. Mobile phone companies, mobile phone companies, banks, remittance companies, but nobody wanted it. Banks, remittance companies, but nobody wanted it. Banks, remittance companies, but nobody wanted it. Then one of our co-founders Then one of our co-founders Then one of our co-founders. Said, "Look, here we have the said, "Look, here we have the said, "Look, here we have the. Technology that would help us give technology that would help us give technology that would help us give. Anyone access to free money. Who is anyone access to free money. Who is anyone access to free money. Who is. This free money thinking?" And we're going to this free money thinking?" And we're going to. This free money thinking?" And we're going to understand... Why people were using Bitcoin from. Understand... Why people were using Bitcoin from understand... Why people were using Bitcoin from. Argentina to Venezuela, and obviously it's Argentina to Venezuela, and obviously it's. Argentina to Venezuela, and obviously it's quite easy quite easy quite easy or simple. The reason is that people see. Or simple. The reason is that people see or simple. The reason is that people see. Value in this technology because value in this technology because value in this technology because. They lack financial freedom. They lack financial freedom. They lack financial freedom. So, So, So, working in the pulp industry, wanting to be an working in the pulp industry, wanting to be an. Working in the pulp industry, wanting to be an entrepreneur, and being from San Francisco, that's how. Entrepreneur, and being from San Francisco, that's how entrepreneur, and being from San Francisco, that's how. The idea came about to the idea came about to the idea came about to fight for those who. Fight for those who fight for those who lack freedom, leveraging lack freedom, leveraging. Lack freedom, leveraging both of us. I loved the story, and well, the both of us. I loved the story, and well, the. Both of us. I loved the story, and well, the best part is writing best part is writing. Best part is writing to your chips for the to your chips for the to your chips for the. Wedding, not exactly, not exactly. If wedding, not exactly, not exactly. If wedding, not exactly, not exactly. If. You want, I can you want, I can you want, I can tell you a little bit about how tell you a little bit about how. Tell you a little bit about how I started around 2016-2017, I started around 2016-2017,. I started around 2016-2017, describing it for the first time, seeing describing it for the first time, seeing. Describing it for the first time, seeing where it was moving, how it interacted. Where it was moving, how it interacted. Where it was moving, how it interacted. I think as Argentinians, the vast majority I think as Argentinians, the vast majority. I think as Argentinians, the vast majority got into it because of inflation, the peso, the potential to. Inflation, the peso, the potential to create a reserve that no one create a reserve that no one. Create a reserve that no one can touch and that they can erase from being the owner. Can touch and that they can erase from being the owner can touch and that they can erase from being the owner. Of it. In 2018, the question of it. In 2018, the question of it. In 2018, the question. Was how do we create something that has a lot of was how do we create something that has a lot of. Was how do we create something that has a lot of future value? And our analysis was,. Future value? And our analysis was, future value? And our analysis was, we see that today. We see that today we see that today 99.99% of the world's money is on the 99.99% of the world's money is on the. 99.99% of the world's money is on the institutional side, on the institutional side, on the. Institutional side, on the fiat side. How do we create something that fiat side. How do we create something that. Fiat side. How do we create something that directly helps people? To directly helps people? To. Directly helps people? To get into Christ, we had a... I get into Christ, we had a... I. Get into Christ, we had a... I personally had a pretty personally had a pretty personally had a pretty. Difficult time, it was poorly written. I had to difficult time, it was poorly written. I had to. Difficult time, it was poorly written. I had to buy P2P from people and buy buy P2P from people and buy. Buy P2P from people and buy a little bit of Bitcoin every now and then. The a little bit of Bitcoin every now and then. The. A little bit of Bitcoin every now and then. The transactions were in cash because otherwise I was. Transactions were in cash because otherwise I was transactions were in cash because otherwise I was. Afraid that someone would take advantage of me. So, afraid that someone would take advantage of me. So,. Afraid that someone would take advantage of me. So, somehow somehow somehow we thought about how we could solve. We thought about how we could solve we thought about how we could solve that problem. Well, that's how we came up with the idea. That problem. Well, that's how we came up with the idea that problem. Well, that's how we came up with the idea. Of ​​making a ramp. Look at of ​​making a ramp. Look at of ​​making a ramp. Look at. That moment, and then a bit that moment, and then a bit that moment, and then a bit. Inspired by the idea of ​​a ramp, look here. This inspired by the idea of ​​a ramp, look here. This. Inspired by the idea of ​​a ramp, look here. This product can be clicked on; it will. Product can be clicked on; it will product can be clicked on; it will be a product for. Be a product for be a product for sending and moving money sending and moving money. Sending and moving money internationally from one place to another. We had internationally from one place to another. We had. Internationally from one place to another. We had many clients who were asking us for it,. Many clients who were asking us for it, many clients who were asking us for it, and at that moment, in early. And at that moment, in early and at that moment, in early 2019, the question was, "Okay, which is the. 2019, the question was, "Okay, which is the 2019, the question was, "Okay, which is the. Cheapest block, the one that allows you to send cheapest block, the one that allows you to send. Cheapest block, the one that allows you to send funds from one place to another?" We started looking at. Funds from one place to another?" We started looking at funds from one place to another?" We started looking at. Absolutely all of them, all those that absolutely all of them, all those that absolutely all of them, all those that. Were in the top 10, top 20 at that time. Of those, were in the top 10, top 20 at that time. Of those,. Were in the top 10, top 20 at that time. Of those, 5 remained, which are still there. 5 remained, which are still there 5 remained, which are still there today. Well, today. Well,. Today. Well, Stellar among them, we said, "Okay, let's start Stellar among them, we said, "Okay, let's start. Stellar among them, we said, "Okay, let's start doing operations on Stellar doing operations on Stellar. Doing operations on Stellar because it's scalable, it's fast," and today, because it's scalable, it's fast," and today,. Because it's scalable, it's fast," and today, from the mindset of an Argentinian with... From the mindset of an Argentinian with... From the mindset of an Argentinian with... The costs in Argentina didn't make sense; The costs in Argentina didn't make sense;. The costs in Argentina didn't make sense; paying in mystery for an angle that cost. Paying in mystery for an angle that cost paying in mystery for an angle that cost. Between $4 and $8 was the GAFI (Global Action Fund). We said, " between $4 and $8 was the GAFI (Global Action Fund). We said, ". Between $4 and $8 was the GAFI (Global Action Fund). We said, " Well, this is unscalable." It started in. Well, this is unscalable." It started in Well, this is unscalable." It started in. Argentina, but it's already very expensive. So, Argentina, but it's already very expensive. So,. Argentina, but it's already very expensive. So, what's cheaper than the Dominican Republic? What's cheaper than the Dominican Republic? What's cheaper than the Dominican Republic? Well, Estelar was also a Well, Estelar was also a Well, Estelar was also a name, not for us, and that's how we. Name, not for us, and that's how we name, not for us, and that's how we became Ramp Fiat Era Corp for. Became Ramp Fiat Era Corp for became Ramp Fiat Era Corp for everything related to fabric. We created the table. Everything related to fabric. We created the table everything related to fabric. We created the table. With the Argentine currency and the with the Argentine currency and the with the Argentine currency and the. Brazilian real. Very good story, good, Brazilian real. Very good story, good, Brazilian real. Very good story, good,. Very visionary too. Very visionary too. Very visionary too. Five years. Five years. Five years. Well, to share, my story is Well, to share, my story is Well, to share, my story is. Very different and very recent very different and very recent very different and very recent. Compared to Jackie and Rubén's. Their compared to Jackie and Rubén's. Their compared to Jackie and Rubén's. Their. Delivery to the world of Block Sing during the pandemic. Delivery to the world of Block Sing during the pandemic. Delivery to the world of Block Sing during the pandemic. In my case, before starting Block In my case, before starting Block In my case, before starting Block. Sing, I worked for other startups that Sing, I worked for other startups that Sing, I worked for other startups that. Had nothing to do with Chinese had nothing to do with Chinese had nothing to do with Chinese. Crypt blogs. And while it seemed like a crypt blogs. And while it seemed like a crypt blogs. And while it seemed like a. Very interesting industry in which I had very interesting industry in which I had. Very interesting industry in which I had worked previously, at that time I worked previously, at that time I. Worked previously, at that time I was close to finishing my studies. Was close to finishing my studies. Was close to finishing my studies. I wanted to start exploring other I wanted to start exploring other I wanted to start exploring other. Industries, growing a little more in industries, growing a little more in industries, growing a little more in. Marketing, and that's how I got to By marketing, and that's how I got to By marketing, and that's how I got to By. Brand. I got there for work and Brand. I got there for work and Brand. I got there for work and. Ended up falling in love with blogging. Ended up falling in love with blogging. Ended up falling in love with blogging. But, well, at the beginning, having no But, well, at the beginning, having no But, well, at the beginning, having no. Experience experience experience in this, I had to immerse myself and in this, I had to immerse myself and. In this, I had to immerse myself and learn from scratch. All the new learn from scratch. All the new. Learn from scratch. All the new concepts and knowledge that I didn't have... Concepts and knowledge that I didn't have... Concepts and knowledge that I didn't have... I knew a little about blogs without knowing I knew a little about blogs without knowing. I knew a little about blogs without knowing much about crypto because of my previous job,. Much about crypto because of my previous job, much about crypto because of my previous job,. But well, my knowledge was super but well, my knowledge was super but well, my knowledge was super. Limited compared to what I know limited compared to what I know limited compared to what I know. Now. The truth is, as I was saying, I was lucky enough to now. The truth is, as I was saying, I was lucky enough to. Work with a low- work with a low- cost option like this one, and I think that played a. Cost option like this one, and I think that played a cost option like this one, and I think that played a. Super favorable role in allowing me to super favorable role in allowing me to super favorable role in allowing me to. Experiment a bit on a personal level experiment a bit on a personal level with crypto. And also, Bailantas, let's say. With crypto. And also, Bailantas, let's say with crypto. And also, Bailantas, let's say. Months before I started months before I started months before I started working, saw the opportunity to give. Working, saw the opportunity to give working, saw the opportunity to give Argentinians this alternative means. Argentinians this alternative means Argentinians this alternative means to protect themselves from devaluation, and what I. To protect themselves from devaluation, and what I to protect themselves from devaluation, and what I. Liked most about the app is that it's liked most about the app is that it's liked most about the app is that it's. Designed to expand access to designed to expand access to designed to expand access to. Students like me. Yes, it has a students like me. Yes, it has a students like me. Yes, it has a. Great mission, which is to democratize crypto, great mission, which is to democratize crypto,. Great mission, which is to democratize crypto, making it super easy, allowing making it super easy, allowing. Making it super easy, allowing all Argentinians to all Argentinians to all Argentinians to. Access a secure wallet in their profile. Access a secure wallet in their profile. Access a secure wallet in their profile. So, that's a bit of the So, that's a bit of the So, that's a bit of the story of how I discovered... well,. Story of how I discovered... well, story of how I discovered... well, thanks to Milagro, and well, I hope that. Thanks to Milagro, and well, I hope that thanks to Milagro, and well, I hope that. All the recent graduates all the recent graduates all the recent graduates watching us are inspired and encouraged to. Watching us are inspired and encouraged to watching us are inspired and encouraged to. Join the ecosystem. So, yes, that's it. So, my journey it. So, my journey also started as... Being. Also started as... Being also started as... Being Argentinian, I was looking for ways to. Argentinian, I was looking for ways to Argentinian, I was looking for ways to maintain the value of the currency around 2015,. Maintain the value of the currency around 2015, which I became very involved in. Which I became very involved in. After that, I was heavily involved After that, I was heavily involved After that, I was heavily involved. In the development side, trying to in the development side, trying to in the development side, trying to. Provide solutions for provide solutions for provide solutions for document certification based on origin. I. Document certification based on origin. I document certification based on origin. I. Delved deeply into blogs to delved deeply into blogs to delved deeply into blogs to. Understand how to assign value to a understand how to assign value to a understand how to assign value to a. Digitally transmitted document and digitally transmitted document and digitally transmitted document and. Verify its authenticity. This was verify its authenticity. This was verify its authenticity. This was. The first multinational company I'd worked for in a the first multinational company I'd worked for in a. The first multinational company I'd worked for in a long time, long time, long time,. And it was a success. What we and it was a success. What we and it was a success. What we. Did was did was did was certify educational documents. We certify educational documents. We. Certify educational documents. We brought this project to the US, and there, brought this project to the US, and there,. Brought this project to the US, and there, we basically added we basically added we basically added. A QR code to the university document. A QR code to the university document. A QR code to the university document. This QR code was used to certify that it truly This QR code was used to certify that it truly. This QR code was used to certify that it truly came from the issuing entity and verify that the. Came from the issuing entity and verify that the came from the issuing entity and verify that the. Person was presenting it for work, person was presenting it for work, person was presenting it for work,. For example, their academic record. So, I for example, their academic record. So, I. For example, their academic record. So, I started strong with the blockchain aspect,. Started strong with the blockchain aspect, started strong with the blockchain aspect,. Especially the certification side. Especially the certification side. Especially the certification side. After this, understanding the After this, understanding the After this, understanding the. South American landscape and seeing that there was a South American landscape and seeing that there was a. South American landscape and seeing that there was a payment processing technology that had. Payment processing technology that had payment processing technology that had n't been updated in 20 years,. N't been updated in 20 years, n't been updated in 20 years, we're now 100% focused on trying to. We're now 100% focused on trying to we're now 100% focused on trying to modernize it. Those payment processing. Modernize it. Those payment processing modernize it. Those payment processing with BlockChange and basically with the. With BlockChange and basically with the with BlockChange and basically with the Stellar solution, so that's how we are. Well,. Stellar solution, so that's how we are. Well, Stellar solution, so that's how we are. Well,. Thank you, Matías. I love seeing the thank you, Matías. I love seeing the thank you, Matías. I love seeing the. Different paths you took, and well, the different paths you took, and well, the different paths you took, and well, the. Use case you just described in use case you just described in use case you just described in. Terms of how you enter, which demonstrates terms of how you enter, which demonstrates. Terms of how you enter, which demonstrates the different the different the different. Capabilities of what you can do in capabilities of what you can do in capabilities of what you can do in. BlogChange and not. So, well, great. Okay, BlogChange and not. So, well, great. Okay,. BlogChange and not. So, well, great. Okay, another question. I'd love to know more. Another question. I'd love to know more another question. I'd love to know more about how Piti Sanz BlogChange operates in. About how Piti Sanz BlogChange operates in about how Piti Sanz BlogChange operates in. His companies and what he believes are his companies and what he believes are his companies and what he believes are. The main benefits of BlogChange the main benefits of BlogChange the main benefits of BlogChange. For his clients. Let's start with, since for his clients. Let's start with, since. For his clients. Let's start with, since this time it works perfectly. Well, this time it works perfectly. Well,. This time it works perfectly. Well, we are native to BlogChange. We are native to BlogChange. We are native to BlogChange. You understand that we created the You understand that we created the You understand that we created the. Company to be able to provide solutions for company to be able to provide solutions for. Company to be able to provide solutions for written companies and BlogChange companies. Written companies and BlogChange companies written companies and BlogChange companies. In particular. In particular. In particular. One of the services we offer, One of the services we offer, One of the services we offer,. As I mentioned, is that we accept fiat as I mentioned, is that we accept fiat as I mentioned, is that we accept fiat. In Argentina, Basic, and Mexico, and we provide in Argentina, Basic, and Mexico, and we provide. In Argentina, Basic, and Mexico, and we provide scripting services. You can make purchases,. Scripting services. You can make purchases, scripting services. You can make purchases,. Not only of decentralized applications not only of decentralized applications not only of decentralized applications. To wallets and ecosystems, but also to wallets and ecosystems, but also to wallets and ecosystems, but also. To to to institutional clients. We have many companies institutional clients. We have many companies. Institutional clients. We have many companies that do corporate banking, whether on one. That do corporate banking, whether on one that do corporate banking, whether on one. Side or the other. From that, side or the other. From that, side or the other. From that,. We are very interested in working. We realized we are very interested in working. We realized. We are very interested in working. We realized that there was a very that there was a very. That there was a very high cost in remittance transactions, high cost in remittance transactions,. High cost in remittance transactions, both for both for both for retail people who have access to. Retail people who have access to retail people who have access to US money, for example, to. US money, for example, to US money, for example, to Latin America, or for companies. Latin America, or for companies Latin America, or for companies wanting to pay their Argentine or. Wanting to pay their Argentine or wanting to pay their Argentine or Latin American subsidiaries. We saw that there was a. Latin American subsidiaries. We saw that there was a Latin American subsidiaries. We saw that there was a. Very high cost, so the opportunity to very high cost, so the opportunity to very high cost, so the opportunity to. Use a block change was incredible use a block change was incredible use a block change was incredible. Because having a double option—low because having a double option—low because having a double option—low. Cost and fast execution—made us cost and fast execution—made us cost and fast execution—made us. Very scalable. This was especially true for the very scalable. This was especially true for the. Very scalable. This was especially true for the counterparty, which would be the counterparty, which would be the. Counterparty, which would be the institutional banking services that have been institutional banking services that have been. Institutional banking services that have been developing for the last 50 years. Developing for the last 50 years. Developing for the last 50 years. Logically, in 2018 and 2019, it was Logically, in 2018 and 2019, it was Logically, in 2018 and 2019, it was. Very difficult for us to get very difficult for us to get very difficult for us to get. People from these companies, like people from these companies, like people from these companies, like. Txemi, to understand how they could use these transactions to their advantage. Txemi, to understand how they could use these transactions to their advantage. Txemi, to understand how they could use these transactions to their advantage. When they When they When they really started to see that they were saving a really started to see that they were saving a. Really started to see that they were saving a lot of money, especially in their lot of money, especially in their. Lot of money, especially in their stocks, and began to see the genuine use case stocks, and began to see the genuine use case. Stocks, and began to see the genuine use case in their day-to-day operations and in their own pockets, it became even more challenging. In their day-to-day operations and in their own pockets, it became even more challenging. In their day-to-day operations and in their own pockets, it became even more challenging. But when they started wanting to repeat But when they started wanting to repeat But when they started wanting to repeat. The operations with higher volumes and the operations with higher volumes and the operations with higher volumes and. Began to tell people, saying, " began to tell people, saying, " began to tell people, saying, ". This works, and it's real," I think it's very This works, and it's real," I think it's very. This works, and it's real," I think it's very important to highlight that in 2018 and. Important to highlight that in 2018 and important to highlight that in 2018 and 2019, many They believed that writings, and. 2019, many They believed that writings, and 2019, many They believed that writings, and. Before that, not much before that, not much before that, not much crypto production remained, as something illegal, something. Crypto production remained, as something illegal, something crypto production remained, as something illegal, something. From the black market that you shouldn't get involved in. From the black market that you shouldn't get involved in. From the black market that you shouldn't get involved in. Today, I think 2022 changed Today, I think 2022 changed Today, I think 2022 changed. The perspective a lot. Today it seems like the perspective a lot. Today it seems like. The perspective a lot. Today it seems like entrepreneurship, innovation, and the future. Entrepreneurship, innovation, and the future entrepreneurship, innovation, and the future. With a lot more agility and transparency, with a lot more agility and transparency,. With a lot more agility and transparency, when just a few years ago it wasn't like that. And. When just a few years ago it wasn't like that. And when just a few years ago it wasn't like that. And. I think that we're going to start I think that we're going to start I think that we're going to start. Seeing more and more companies seeing more and more companies seeing more and more companies. Moving in this direction. It's moving in this direction. It's moving in this direction. It's. Incredible that many more people from the incredible that many more people from the. Incredible that many more people from the institutional sector are starting to give it the option of. Institutional sector are starting to give it the option of institutional sector are starting to give it the option of. Registering as a medium to registering as a medium to registering as a medium to interact financially in the future. Great! Thanks for the details. I love Thanks for the details. I love hearing about companies that. Hearing about companies that hearing about companies that develop the infrastructure and. Develop the infrastructure and develop the infrastructure and ramps in Latin America that continue. Ramps in Latin America that continue ramps in Latin America that continue working on access to blogs and. Working on access to blogs and working on access to blogs and getting more people, let's say more. Getting more people, let's say more getting more people, let's say more end users, to join. I think it's super. End users, to join. I think it's super end users, to join. I think it's super important. I think we're. Important. I think we're important. I think we're like a like a like a bridge that takes people from. Bridge that takes people from bridge that takes people from fiat to crypto, and the objective of. Fiat to crypto, and the objective of fiat to crypto, and the objective of applications, like you'll see, like. Applications, like you'll see, like applications, like you'll see, like the Mokro footer, I don't know, is also to. The Mokro footer, I don't know, is also to the Mokro footer, I don't know, is also to. Maintain users and maintain users and maintain users and give them a service within the cryptocurrencies,. Give them a service within the cryptocurrencies, give them a service within the cryptocurrencies,. While we are the bridge that while we are the bridge that while we are the bridge that. Interacts from one side to the other. Interacts from one side to the other. Interacts from one side to the other. Great! I'd Great! I'd Great! I'd like to add, I think He's absolutely right, like to add, I think He's absolutely right,. Given that we're on a panel with other given that we're on a panel with other entrepreneurs. I think it's important for. Entrepreneurs. I think it's important for entrepreneurs. I think it's important for. Everyone to see how the Chinese blog everyone to see how the Chinese blog everyone to see how the Chinese blog. Is not just technology that is not just technology that is not just technology that. Allows—I'm saying specifically allows—I'm saying specifically allows—I'm saying specifically. Applied to payments—but it allows for applied to payments—but it allows for applied to payments—but it allows for. Much smoother and cheaper payments, this much smoother and cheaper payments, this. Much smoother and cheaper payments, this exchange of information and money. It's exchange of information and money. It's. Exchange of information and money. It's also also also technology that democratizes access. Technology that democratizes access technology that democratizes access for entrepreneurs to participate in a. For entrepreneurs to participate in a for entrepreneurs to participate in a business that was previously. Business that was previously business that was previously extremely exclusive and. Extremely exclusive and extremely exclusive and only available to banks and only available to banks and. Only available to banks and financial institutions that financial institutions that. Financial institutions that needed a huge investment to needed a huge investment to. Needed a huge investment to participate. In a way, we, as participate. In a way, we, as. Participate. In a way, we, as industry leaders, are intermediating industry leaders, are intermediating. Industry leaders, are intermediating these players, the dinosaurs, and it these players, the dinosaurs, and it. These players, the dinosaurs, and it 's now completely open; anyone can 's now completely open; anyone can. 's now completely open; anyone can participate. So, it makes me not participate. So, it makes me not. Participate. So, it makes me not only a disruptive technology but only a disruptive technology but. Only a disruptive technology but also, I think, also, I think, also, I think, a great tool for starting. A great tool for starting a great tool for starting businesses and generating value with or without a. Businesses and generating value with or without a businesses and generating value with or without a. Few barriers to entry. Few barriers to entry. Few barriers to entry. I absolutely love it. I totally agree. It's great to communicate this to great to communicate this to. Entrepreneurs so they know it's entrepreneurs so they know it's entrepreneurs so they know it's. Possible and are encouraged to join possible and are encouraged to join possible and are encouraged to join. The ecosystem. And so, obviously, everyone the ecosystem. And so, obviously, everyone. The ecosystem. And so, obviously, everyone on this panel, as industry leaders, on this panel, as industry leaders,. On this panel, as industry leaders, I think it's crucial that they join I think it's crucial that they join. These talks and tell us a bit about these talks and tell us a bit about these talks and tell us a bit about. Their story, what they're doing today, and their story, what they're doing today, and. Their story, what they're doing today, and the problems they're solving the problems they're solving. The problems they're solving so that we can evolve. So that we can evolve. So that we can evolve. Ecosystem together and to talk a little about this, well and to talk a little about this, well. In our case with Buy Brand, as in our case with Buy Brand, as in our case with Buy Brand, as. I mentioned before, Fiverr gave I mentioned before, Fiverr gave I mentioned before, Fiverr gave. Argentinians the opportunity and access Argentinians the opportunity and access Argentinians the opportunity and access. To a means to safeguard to a means to safeguard to a means to safeguard the value of their assets, and well, as an app. The value of their assets, and well, as an app the value of their assets, and well, as an app. Developed in Estelar Vaivén, it was developed in Estelar Vaivén, it was developed in Estelar Vaivén, it was. Specifically designed to extend specifically designed to extend specifically designed to extend. This access to coins pegged to the this access to coins pegged to the this access to coins pegged to the. Price of the dollar, like me, yes, yes, price of the dollar, like me, yes, yes, price of the dollar, like me, yes, yes,. And I think that with respect to the and I think that with respect to the and I think that with respect to the. General benefits of this technology, I general benefits of this technology, I general benefits of this technology, I. Think the most important benefit we think the most important benefit we think the most important benefit we. Could highlight could highlight could highlight for us is decentralization. For us is decentralization. For us is decentralization. I think it's a I think it's a I think it's a key characteristic of the technology, and it's. Key characteristic of the technology, and it's key characteristic of the technology, and it's. Its strength, since to its strength, since to its strength, since to authenticate transactions or operations, you. Authenticate transactions or operations, you authenticate transactions or operations, you. Don't need any kind of don't need any kind of don't need any kind of intermediary, and this obviously allows for. Intermediary, and this obviously allows for intermediary, and this obviously allows for. Reduced validation times. On the reduced validation times. On the reduced validation times. On the. Other hand, we have the fact of other hand, we have the fact of other hand, we have the fact of. Network distribution. When you network distribution. When you network distribution. When you. Have a distributed network, in the first have a distributed network, in the first. Have a distributed network, in the first instance, nobody owns that network, and I. Instance, nobody owns that network, and I instance, nobody owns that network, and I. Think that means users don't always think that means users don't always think that means users don't always. Have a record of the have a record of the have a record of the information. And also, as. Information. And also, as information. And also, as the guys mentioned before, the. The guys mentioned before, the the guys mentioned before, the technology has very, very low costs. Technology has very, very low costs technology has very, very low costs for users, which I think is. For users, which I think is for users, which I think is the star advantage of blockchain,. The star advantage of blockchain, the star advantage of blockchain, and well, in our case, in the case In the case of. And well, in our case, in the case In the case of and well, in our case, in the case In the case of. Buy Brand, transactions in the Buy Brand, transactions in the Buy Brand, transactions in the. Systems described are also carried out by systems described are also carried out by. Systems described are also carried out by individuals without any individuals without any. Individuals without any involvement from a central control body. Involvement from a central control body. Involvement from a central control body. What does this mean again? What does this mean again? What does this mean again? Without any intermediary. Without any intermediary. Without any intermediary. This allows for a reduction in costs, let's This allows for a reduction in costs, let's. This allows for a reduction in costs, let's say. Network maintenance makes it say. Network maintenance makes it. Say. Network maintenance makes it significantly significantly significantly cheaper, right? And lastly, I think. Cheaper, right? And lastly, I think cheaper, right? And lastly, I think we could also highlight, as. We could also highlight, as we could also highlight, as the guys mentioned earlier, the speed. The guys mentioned earlier, the speed. The guys mentioned earlier, the speed. Crypto transactions are super Crypto transactions are super Crypto transactions are super. Fast to process, I'd say fast to process, I'd say fast to process, I'd say practically instantaneous, and I think this. Practically instantaneous, and I think this practically instantaneous, and I think this. Is also a great solution that is also a great solution that is also a great solution that. Blogs Reynolds has the power to streamline these Blogs Reynolds has the power to streamline these. Blogs Reynolds has the power to streamline these slow banking transaction processes. Great,. Slow banking transaction processes. Great, slow banking transaction processes. Great,. Thanks Milagros for telling us thanks Milagros for telling us more about By Brand. And now,. More about By Brand. And now, more about By Brand. And now, Matías, regarding Canon, in the case of Cronos. Matías, regarding Canon, in the case of Cronos Matías, regarding Canon, in the case of Cronos. Pay, I know of a Cross case. Basically, know of a Cross case. Basically, we were born 100% in Blogs. It was. We were born 100% in Blogs. It was we were born 100% in Blogs. It was also the decision about who. Also the decision about who also the decision about who would fight to run a bit of what. Would fight to run a bit of what would fight to run a bit of what we talked about: cost, speed of. We talked about: cost, speed of we talked about: cost, speed of distribution, and we all chose Estelar. Distribution, and we all chose Estelar distribution, and we all chose Estelar for that reason. But we were born in Block. For that reason. But we were born in Block for that reason. But we were born in Block. Change, always thinking that Change, always thinking that Change, always thinking that. Technology technology technology will help, as it is helping, to will help, as it is helping, to. Will help, as it is helping, to change the payment processing system. Change the payment processing system. Change the payment processing system. Going into a bit more detail, Going into a bit more detail, when an account is generated within. When an account is generated within when an account is generated within Cronos Space, an account is automatically created with. Cronos Space, an account is automatically created with Cronos Space, an account is automatically created with. Estelar, Estelar, Estelar, and from there, depending on the country, and from there, depending on the country,. And from there, depending on the country, a bank account is generated for that a bank account is generated for that. A bank account is generated for that country. It requires, and there we use country. It requires, and there we use. Country. It requires, and there we use the other stilts of the ecosystem to the other stilts of the ecosystem to. The other stilts of the ecosystem to do the Rambo, a ramp-off, as do the Rambo, a ramp-off, as. Do the Rambo, a ramp-off, as Jack said, of this vile coin and the connection Jack said, of this vile coin and the connection. Jack said, of this vile coin and the connection to fiat in each of the countries, and we also. To fiat in each of the countries, and we also to fiat in each of the countries, and we also. Use the use the use the crypto stilts to sometimes get out, water, crypto stilts to sometimes get out, water,. Crypto stilts to sometimes get out, water, yum, str, sub-20, depending, let's say, on. Yum, str, sub-20, depending, let's say, on yum, str, sub-20, depending, let's say, on. The alternatives that are required, and the alternatives that are required, and the alternatives that are required, and. Adding a little to what adding a little to what adding a little to what Rubén was saying, the reason why, let's say, for me, the. Rubén was saying, the reason why, let's say, for me, the Rubén was saying, the reason why, let's say, for me, the. Importance of all these changes, or of importance of all these changes, or of importance of all these changes, or of. People from outside the traditional financial system people from outside the traditional financial system. People from outside the traditional financial system getting involved, I want to be. Getting involved, I want to be getting involved, I want to be electronic, I have a. Electronic, I have a electronic, I have a master's degree in master's degree in master's degree in. Finance, but my education wasn't, let's say, in finance, but my education wasn't, let's say, in. Finance, but my education wasn't, let's say, in the financial part, but rather we. The financial part, but rather we the financial part, but rather we were a little more than anything from. Were a little more than anything from were a little more than anything from the experience and the problems we. The experience and the problems we the experience and the problems we have in emerging countries, and a. Have in emerging countries, and a have in emerging countries, and a little studying how all this was composed,. Little studying how all this was composed, little studying how all this was composed,. You see that the banks you see that the banks you see that the banks initially initially. Initially worked with these systems, and that there are worked with these systems, and that there are. Worked with these systems, and that there are several and they are unique, and that they always took. Several and they are unique, and that they always took several and they are unique, and that they always took. Turns so that it remained within turns so that it remained within turns so that it remained within. Their very closed ecosystem in the their very closed ecosystem in the their very closed ecosystem in the. Financial part, until at a certain point a financial part, until at a certain point a. Financial part, until at a certain point a very select group, let's say, generated. Very select group, let's say, generated very select group, let's say, generated a very elite club where they went to eat. A very elite club where they went to eat a very elite club where they went to eat. Caviar and in a very particular way, and that's where caviar and in a very particular way, and that's where. Caviar and in a very particular way, and that's where the first credit card was generated. The first credit card was generated the first credit card was generated Created in the club, which was the one for. Created in the club, which was the one for Created in the club, which was the one for. Dinners, and they say it was dinners, and they say it was dinners, and they say it was. Used, let's say, for those types of used, let's say, for those types of used, let's say, for those types of. Transactions. That's when transactions. That's when transactions. That's when banks started generating their own. Banks started generating their own banks started generating their own credit cards, and the. Credit cards, and the credit cards, and the banks themselves own the banks themselves own the. Banks themselves own the credit cards. So it's still the same credit cards. So it's still the same. Credit cards. So it's still the same ecosystem. And today, where are we ecosystem. And today, where are we. Ecosystem. And today, where are we going with Cronos Page? That is, there's going with Cronos Page? That is, there's. Going with Cronos Page? That is, there's a possibility that Blanchett technology gives us. A possibility that Blanchett technology gives us a possibility that Blanchett technology gives us. To try to avoid all those to try to avoid all those to try to avoid all those high commissions charged for. High commissions charged for high commissions charged for centralized transfers. We can. Centralized transfers. We can centralized transfers. We can use a different method so that. Use a different method so that use a different method so that anyone who might have a. Anyone who might have a anyone who might have a business in Peru, Ecuador, business in Peru, Ecuador,. Business in Peru, Ecuador, Charco, or any province Charco, or any province Charco, or any province. In South America or an in South America or an in South America or an emerging country can collect payments with their phone,. Emerging country can collect payments with their phone, emerging country can collect payments with their phone,. With no costs, and the money goes with no costs, and the money goes with no costs, and the money goes. To intermediaries instead of people. It's to intermediaries instead of people. It's. To intermediaries instead of people. It's great, it's a new paradigm. And great, it's a new paradigm. And. Great, it's a new paradigm. And well, I love hearing that all these well, I love hearing that all these. Well, I love hearing that all these companies are like blogs on Late Night, I don't know, that they. Companies are like blogs on Late Night, I don't know, that they companies are like blogs on Late Night, I don't know, that they. Started directly in started directly in started directly in blogs. So blogs. So blogs. So. I think it's super innovative, especially since they're I think it's super innovative, especially since they're. I think it's super innovative, especially since they're trying to optimize a system,. Trying to optimize a system, trying to optimize a system, not completely change it. I think it's great. Not completely change it. I think it's great. And now I see an interesting question in the And now I see an interesting question in the. Chat: they ask how they see chat: they ask how they see chat: they ask how they see. The developer market in the developer market in the developer market in Stellar, particularly. Other other. Stellar, particularly. Other other Stellar, particularly. Other other blocks in Snow, as Jon. Blocks in Snow, as Jon blocks in Snow, as Jon Solana says, and which are concentrating talent,. Solana says, and which are concentrating talent, Solana says, and which are concentrating talent,. See that they can be a chalet for see that they can be a chalet for see that they can be a chalet for. Climbing or developing new ideas. I think that as entrepreneurs we can't I think that as entrepreneurs we can't be married to a. Be married to a be married to a particular technology because what we want is to particular technology because what we want is to. Particular technology because what we want is to solve solve solve people's problems, and people have. People's problems, and people have people's problems, and people have problems that may need. Problems that may need problems that may need different technologies. From our different technologies. From our. Different technologies. From our perspective, we see that by perspective, we see that by. Perspective, we see that by dedicating ourselves to giving dedicating ourselves to giving. Dedicating ourselves to giving people crypto dollar accounts, and with so many people crypto dollar accounts, and with so many. People crypto dollar accounts, and with so many different different different versions of crypto on different. Versions of crypto on different versions of crypto on different platforms or in different options,. Platforms or in different options, platforms or in different options, we have to be. We have to be we have to be as versatile as possible to fulfill our mission, and we. As versatile as possible to fulfill our mission, and we as versatile as possible to fulfill our mission, and we. Have to be compatible with have to be compatible with have to be compatible with any technology because what. Any technology because what any technology because what matters is not what technology you use, what. Matters is not what technology you use, what matters is not what technology you use, what. Matters is your ability to solve matters is your ability to solve matters is your ability to solve. People's problems. What I like about people's problems. What I like about people's problems. What I like about. Tela, compared to the others, is that Tela, compared to the others, is that Tela, compared to the others, is that. Tela is very focused Tela is very focused Tela is very focused on creating decentralized rails. On creating decentralized rails on creating decentralized rails for money, to connect the. For money, to connect the for money, to connect the world's money. And then all the investment. World's money. And then all the investment world's money. And then all the investment. That the Stellar team makes, which is that the Stellar team makes, which is that the Stellar team makes, which is. Truly a super team, and obviously truly a super team, and obviously truly a super team, and obviously. Today I'm going to today I'm going to today I'm going to say that because Stellar. Say that because Stellar say that because Stellar investors of time and of investors of time and of. Investors of time and of ours, but I've worked with them for a long time, worked with them for a long time,. We've worked with them for a long time, and I we've worked with them for a long time, and I. We've worked with them for a long time, and I can seriously attest to that. The quality. Can seriously attest to that. The quality can seriously attest to that. The quality. Of the team and you of the team and you of the team and you can also see the amount of investment they. Can also see the amount of investment they can also see the amount of investment they. Make in developing the ecosystem, not make in developing the ecosystem, not make in developing the ecosystem, not. Only by only by only by bringing in participants like Artem or bringing in participants like Artem or. Bringing in participants like Artem or Acero, or by creating their own Acero, or by creating their own. Acero, or by creating their own tools like Bailén to understand tools like Bailén to understand. Tools like Bailén to understand how their technology should be used how their technology should be used. How their technology should be used from the entrepreneurs' point of view. They from the entrepreneurs' point of view. They. From the entrepreneurs' point of view. They also do also do also do versions with giant companies like. Versions with giant companies like versions with giant companies like MoneyGram, and they are also working on. MoneyGram, and they are also working on MoneyGram, and they are also working on sets with Justice and. Sets with Justice and sets with Justice and Exchange, and also with Stand, Exchange, and also with Stand,. Exchange, and also with Stand, working closely with regulators. Working closely with regulators. Working closely with regulators. They have a 100% focus on the financial sector, They have a 100% focus on the financial sector,. They have a 100% focus on the financial sector, and the others have more of a and the others have more of a. And the others have more of a website focus. We are going to create the website focus. We are going to create the. Website focus. We are going to create the decentralized world, and so imagine that huge task. From. Imagine that huge task. From the decentralized world, a the decentralized world, a. The decentralized world, a very big part is getting money in and out of the very big part is getting money in and out of the. Very big part is getting money in and out of the decentralized world, but the truth is. Decentralized world, but the truth is decentralized world, but the truth is that they are trying to build everything. That they are trying to build everything that they are trying to build everything. From scratch, and I think that, as an from scratch, and I think that, as an from scratch, and I think that, as an. Entrepreneur, gives me a lot of entrepreneur, gives me a lot of entrepreneur, gives me a lot of. Anxiety to think that I have to do anxiety to think that I have to do anxiety to think that I have to do. Everything because you can't do everything. Everything because you can't do everything. Everything because you can't do everything. So, around me, So, around me, So, around me, the star postcard is well focused the star postcard is well focused. The star postcard is well focused because I believe in the approach. I because I believe in the approach. I. Because I believe in the approach. I totally agree with totally agree with totally agree with. The question. Very interesting. The question. Very interesting. The question. Very interesting. You respect it. I think I share what You respect it. I think I share what You respect it. I think I share what. I had thought, directly, I had thought, directly, I had thought, directly, which is to learn specifically. It was each blog. Which is to learn specifically. It was each blog which is to learn specifically. It was each blog. Who wants to solve Some who wants to solve Some who wants to solve Some particular vertical of the Web 3 world, for. Particular vertical of the Web 3 world, for particular vertical of the Web 3 world, for. Example, in JR, they want to somehow example, in JR, they want to somehow example, in JR, they want to somehow. Solve the gaming benefits part. You solve the gaming benefits part. You solve the gaming benefits part. You. Also have within also have within also have within Solana's writing the Solana part, and look at what they do in. Solana's writing the Solana part, and look at what they do in Solana's writing the Solana part, and look at what they do in. Spirits, Solana, which is like Spirits, Solana, which is like Spirits, Solana, which is like. Defy, cheaper within what the Defy, cheaper within what the Defy, cheaper within what the. Competition, competition, competition, I think everyone wants to take on a role in. I think everyone wants to take on a role in I think everyone wants to take on a role in. The different, infinite verticals the different, infinite verticals the different, infinite verticals. Of Web 3. Of Web 3. Of Web 3. Without going any further, in Action Clean, he indicated Without going any further, in Action Clean, he indicated. Without going any further, in Action Clean, he indicated that it wasn't useful for him to. That it wasn't useful for him to that it wasn't useful for him to do do do gaming, so he went out to do his. Gaming, so he went out to do his gaming, so he went out to do his own Blues in Running as an example. It ca. Own Blues in Running as an example. It ca own Blues in Running as an example. It ca. N't be absolutely everything; it's n't be absolutely everything; it's n't be absolutely everything; it's. A great base for many things, a great base for many things, a great base for many things,. But they're going to visit different but they're going to visit different but they're going to visit different. Verticals to execute other things. I verticals to execute other things. I verticals to execute other things. I. Think that, as Rubens Telar said, think that, as Rubens Telar said, think that, as Rubens Telar said,. The main focus is finance and the main focus is finance and the main focus is finance and. Payments. Payments. Payments. If they execute that well, they can If they execute that well, they can If they execute that well, they can. Grow a lot with the team that grow a lot with the team that grow a lot with the team that. Has the highest probability of executing it. Has the highest probability of executing it. Has the highest probability of executing it. It's more focused than other blogs because It's more focused than other blogs because. It's more focused than other blogs because we have to show the use case. Well, in. We have to show the use case. Well, in we have to show the use case. Well, in Tracing, even the burning lives, it's that the. Tracing, even the burning lives, it's that the Tracing, even the burning lives, it's that the. Huge, it's true, and Pierre huge, it's true, and Pierre huge, it's true, and Pierre. Transactions, Juan, with how many Transactions, Juan, with how many Transactions, Juan, with how many. Temptations with transactions can be temptations with transactions can be temptations with transactions can be. Made, by what means, how fast, at made, by what means, how fast, at made, by what means, how fast, at. What cost, they aim to streamline a what cost, they aim to streamline a what cost, they aim to streamline a. Very particular niche Web 3 is very particular niche Web 3 is very particular niche Web 3 is. Where I see the where I see the where I see the biggest disruption coming, which is in finance—logically,. Which is in finance—logically, decentralized, fast, and inclusive. Great! Decentralized, fast, and inclusive. Great! Decentralized, fast, and inclusive. Great! We're touching on a lot of topics, including We're touching on a lot of topics, including. We're touching on a lot of topics, including interoperability, so a interoperability, so a. Interoperability, so a discussion can emerge about Web 3 and Blockchain. Discussion can emerge about Web 3 and Blockchain. Discussion can emerge about Web 3 and Blockchain. We're all working on We're all working on We're all working on how to make it much more. How to make it much more how to make it much more interoperable. This is just the. Interoperable. This is just the interoperable. This is just the beginning; the boxing world is like. Beginning; the boxing world is like beginning; the boxing world is like a baby, we're only in its. A baby, we're only in its a baby, we're only in its early years, and we're all early years, and we're all. Early years, and we're all working to make working to make working to make all the systems more interoperable. All the systems more interoperable. All the systems more interoperable. And your companies are also And your companies are also And your companies are also. Focusing on all these super focusing on all these super focusing on all these super. Interesting topics. And the questions you ask us... Interesting topics. And the questions you ask us... Interesting topics. And the questions you ask us... Well, well, well, one more question about the one more question about the one more question about the. Ecosystem, and specifically about the roya (roya) ecosystem, and specifically about the roya (roya). Ecosystem, and specifically about the roya (roya) we're discussing: how do you work? We're discussing: how do you work? We're discussing: how do you work? How do you see the How do you see the How do you see the Stellar ecosystem, and do you work together, or how do you. Stellar ecosystem, and do you work together, or how do you Stellar ecosystem, and do you work together, or how do you. Collaborate within the ecosystem, not collaborate within the ecosystem, not collaborate within the ecosystem, not. Only Stellar but also in only Stellar but also in only Stellar but also in the Blockchain ecosystem in general? Within that ecosystem, as I mentioned, Within that ecosystem, as I mentioned, we have a pillar that. We have a pillar that we have a pillar that connects fiat to crypto. Connects fiat to crypto. Connects fiat to crypto. We work with many We work with many We work with many companies because, ultimately,. Companies because, ultimately, companies because, ultimately, we are the we are the. We are the infrastructure provider for the others. Infrastructure provider for the others. Decentralized centralized applications can shine and attract Decentralized centralized applications can shine and attract. Users in the region. We users in the region. We users in the region. We work with most of the. Work with most of the work with most of the panelists. We work well with Artem, panelists. We work well with Artem,. Panelists. We work well with Artem, with Buy Brand, LED production, and with Buy Brand, LED production, and. With Buy Brand, LED production, and Fiat ramp in Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico. If. Fiat ramp in Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico. If Fiat ramp in Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico. If. All goes well, we're also close to reserving all goes well, we're also close to reserving. All goes well, we're also close to reserving the Cronos service. The Cronos service. The Cronos service. But we work both in the But we work both in the But we work both in the Stellar ecosystem and in other. Stellar ecosystem and in other Stellar ecosystem and in other ecosystems like Incidío and the one. Ecosystems like Incidío and the one ecosystems like Incidío and the one from 20 years ago, providing. From 20 years ago, providing from 20 years ago, providing liquidity and payment gateway service. Liquidity and payment gateway service liquidity and payment gateway service for those users who want to. For those users who want to for those users who want to start using crypto within. Start using crypto within start using crypto within any of the applications. Any of the applications. Any of the applications. Within that, within what Within that, within what Within that, within what is Fiat Honor, we also have,. Is Fiat Honor, we also have, is Fiat Honor, we also have, as I mentioned, in our table coins,. As I mentioned, in our table coins, as I mentioned, in our table coins, Arte and Barrilete, which would be the. Arte and Barrilete, which would be the Arte and Barrilete, which would be the Argentine peso and the. Argentine peso and the Argentine peso and the Brazilian Técnico, respectively. Brazilian Técnico, respectively. Brazilian Técnico, respectively. They are entirely in English to be They are entirely in English to be They are entirely in English to be. Used by anyone who wants to be in the ecosystem used by anyone who wants to be in the ecosystem. Used by anyone who wants to be in the ecosystem within the member sets, within the member sets,. Within the member sets, which is the Stellar integration. So which is the Stellar integration. So. Which is the Stellar integration. So anyone who wants to be can anyone who wants to be can. Anyone who wants to be can use it, and it can be a means of payment use it, and it can be a means of payment. Use it, and it can be a means of payment for any application that for any application that. For any application that wants to copy within this ecosystem. Wants to copy within this ecosystem. Wants to copy within this ecosystem. Yes, well, as Argentina, Yes, well, as Argentina, Yes, well, as Argentina, obviously, it's a source of pride to have the RCT, which for. Obviously, it's a source of pride to have the RCT, which for obviously, it's a source of pride to have the RCT, which for. Those who are listening, what is the Those who are listening, what is the Those who are listening, what is the. Table comment about the Argentine peso? Table comment about the Argentine peso? Table comment about the Argentine peso? Well, I always say that number, I Well, I always say that number, I Well, I always say that number, I. Mean, a very big step in being mean, a very big step in being mean, a very big step in being. One of the first to issue the one of the first to issue the one of the first to issue the. Argentine peso currency, and well, to be able to Argentine peso currency, and well, to be able to. Argentine peso currency, and well, to be able to start spreading it in the ecosystem. Start spreading it in the ecosystem. Start spreading it in the ecosystem. I'm a fan of RCT I'm a fan of RCT for you, for you, for you, and well, Milagros, I mean, they. And well, Milagros, I mean, they and well, Milagros, I mean, they work with ADR for seven. Work with ADR for seven work with ADR for seven hours. Since we're on this topic,. Hours. Since we're on this topic, hours. Since we're on this topic, tell us a little about the function. Tell us a little about the function tell us a little about the function of RST in the balance sheet. Of RST in the balance sheet. Of RST in the balance sheet. Great. Well, in our case, also Great. Well, in our case, also Great. Well, in our case, also. Answering the question of answering the question of answering the question of how we work together with Stella, we. How we work together with Stella, we how we work together with Stella, we work hand in hand to. Work hand in hand to work hand in hand to try to try to try to solve, or perhaps resolve, a. Solve, or perhaps resolve, a solve, or perhaps resolve, a very specific and important problem in Argentina,. Very specific and important problem in Argentina, very specific and important problem in Argentina,. Which is the memory of values. You're which is the memory of values. You're which is the memory of values. You're. Probably watching us from probably watching us from probably watching us from different Latin American countries, but. Different Latin American countries, but different Latin American countries, but as most of you know,. As most of you know, as most of you know, Argentina unfortunately has an Argentina unfortunately has an. Argentina unfortunately has an unstable economy. This brings with it unstable economy. This brings with it. Unstable economy. This brings with it certain certain certain consequences, one of the most noticeable being. Consequences, one of the most noticeable being consequences, one of the most noticeable being. The fragility of the currency, which, the fragility of the currency, which, the fragility of the currency, which,. Unfortunately, we've already gotten used to. Unfortunately, we've already gotten used to. Unfortunately, we've already gotten used to. But faced with that, But faced with that, But faced with that, Argentinians tend to look for different. Argentinians tend to look for different Argentinians tend to look for different alternatives to be able to protect the. Alternatives to be able to protect the alternatives to be able to protect the value of our money here in In Argentina,. Value of our money here in In Argentina, value of our money here in In Argentina,. One of the most used resources is one of the most used resources is one of the most used resources is. Buying dollars, but with the obstacles we buying dollars, but with the obstacles we. Buying dollars, but with the obstacles we have, and also the risks have, and also the risks. Have, and also the risks of potentially buying on a of potentially buying on a of potentially buying on a. Parallel market, Argentinians started parallel market, Argentinians started parallel market, Argentinians started. Looking for other looking for other looking for other alternatives. So, thanks to the. Alternatives. So, thanks to the alternatives. So, thanks to the progress of blogs and after working. Progress of blogs and after working progress of blogs and after working with this one, I'll share a super. With this one, I'll share a super with this one, I'll share a super interesting option today: buying. Interesting option today: buying interesting option today: buying crypto. This not only allows us to. Crypto. This not only allows us to crypto. This not only allows us to safeguard value, which I think is. Safeguard value, which I think is safeguard value, which I think is again our number one problem,. Again our number one problem, again our number one problem, but also gives us access to. But also gives us access to but also gives us access to this 100% digital economy. It also allows us to work. This 100% digital economy. It also allows us to work this 100% digital economy. It also allows us to work. Alongside, for example, to alongside, for example, to alongside, for example, to have new. Have new have new services. And going back to the services. And going back to the. Services. And going back to the topic of the recipe, there is an topic of the recipe, there is an. Topic of the recipe, there is an asset, a coin pegged to the value of the asset, a coin pegged to the value of the. Asset, a coin pegged to the value of the Argentine peso. Through Argentine peso. Through. Argentine peso. Through deposits, Argentinians deposits, Argentinians deposits, Argentinians. Can exchange these coins within the app. Can exchange these coins within the app. Can exchange these coins within the app. There's Oasis and Literary, so if you're in the There's Oasis and Literary, so if you're in the. There's Oasis and Literary, so if you're in the By Brand wallet, great! By Brand wallet, great! By Brand wallet, great! The recipe allows you to access the The recipe allows you to access the The recipe allows you to access the. Dollar-denominated assets, acting as a bridge between dollar-denominated assets, acting as a bridge between. Dollar-denominated assets, acting as a bridge between fiat currency and dollar-denominated assets, which is what. Fiat currency and dollar-denominated assets, which is what people want access to. So, great, I love. People want access to. So, great, I love that. That. That. If you want to make a comment It's going to If you want to make a comment It's going to. If you want to make a comment It's going to be because of the ecosystem issue. They were. Be because of the ecosystem issue. They were be because of the ecosystem issue. They were. Talking about the positive thing I see talking about the positive thing I see talking about the positive thing I see. Within these environments. What unites us, across other within these environments. What unites us, across other. Within these environments. What unites us, across other ecosystems, is that we're working on. Ecosystems, is that we're working on ecosystems, is that we're working on something particular:. Something particular: something particular: working towards a working towards a working towards a. Solution that impacts everyone's daily life. Solution that impacts everyone's daily life. Solution that impacts everyone's daily life. So, from that So, from that So, from that perspective, I think a perspective, I think a. Perspective, I think a very particular camaraderie is generated among us very particular camaraderie is generated among us. Very particular camaraderie is generated among us all. I know people within the all. I know people within the. All. I know people within the ecosystem who were even involved in other ecosystem who were even involved in other. Ecosystem who were even involved in other projects, who are now also focused on projects, who are now also focused on. Projects, who are now also focused on expanding, and who always expanding, and who always. Expanding, and who always want to do want to do want to do something to improve the situation for their country or nationality. We. Something to improve the situation for their country or nationality. We something to improve the situation for their country or nationality. We. Always address issues like remittances, always address issues like remittances, always address issues like remittances,. Maintaining the value of their maintaining the value of their maintaining the value of their. Local currency, and helping their families local currency, and helping their families. Local currency, and helping their families in other countries. So, I think that those who are part of this. In other countries. So, I think that those who are part of this in other countries. So, I think that those who are part of this. Blog have a situation that blog have a situation that we all share in we all share in. We all share in emerging countries. That's why this camaraderie is generated, emerging countries. That's why this camaraderie is generated,. Emerging countries. That's why this camaraderie is generated, to try to help to try to help. To try to help each other, not just with the kids, each other, not just with the kids,. Each other, not just with the kids, particularly in the area of ​​development. Particularly in the area of ​​development. I also agree that the selection of I also agree that the selection of blogs, which will be seen later, will involve a. Blogs, which will be seen later, will involve a purging of everything that's out there, and because of the dot-coms of the. Purging of everything that's out there, and because of the dot-coms of the world. The moment everything started,. World. The moment everything started, world. The moment everything started, those that have a. Those that have a those that have a very specific focus on a particular market, a. Very specific focus on a particular market, a very specific focus on a particular market, a. Vertical, and those are the best, will obviously remain. Vertical, and those are the best, will obviously remain. Vertical, and those are the best, will obviously remain. So So So basically, we're going to install them basically, we're going to install them. Basically, we're going to install them because the objective is very clear, and it's not, let's. Because the objective is very clear, and it's not, let's because the objective is very clear, and it's not, let's. Say, a say, a say, a multi-sector solution with many multi-sector solution with many. Multi-sector solution with many options for everyone, but rather the options for everyone, but rather the. Options for everyone, but rather the optimization of financial matters, part optimization of financial matters, part. Optimization of financial matters, part of remittances and other services. And I think that's. Of remittances and other services. And I think that's of remittances and other services. And I think that's. Where the where the where the focus will grow significantly for the focus will grow significantly for the. Focus will grow significantly for the solutions we want. Our goal solutions we want. Our goal. Solutions we want. Our goal seems very seems very seems very aligned, as will the objectives. Aligned, as will the objectives aligned, as will the objectives of not just creating. Of not just creating of not just creating a star company like Cronos, a star company like Cronos,. A star company like Cronos, which has a specific goal. And which has a specific goal. And. Which has a specific goal. And well, I love hearing in well, I love hearing in well, I love hearing in. The industry blogs how everyone works the industry blogs how everyone works the industry blogs how everyone works. Together. I think it's something remarkable together. I think it's something remarkable. Together. I think it's something remarkable because, more than anything, that's what. Because, more than anything, that's what because, more than anything, that's what. Entrepreneurs are all about. We all know that the entrepreneurs are all about. We all know that the. Entrepreneurs are all about. We all know that the entrepreneurial path is sometimes very. Entrepreneurial path is sometimes very entrepreneurial path is sometimes very lonely and very difficult, so. Lonely and very difficult, so lonely and very difficult, so having this camaraderie, this. Having this camaraderie, this having this camaraderie, this help, and this support at the end of the day. Help, and this support at the end of the day help, and this support at the end of the day. Seems incredibly important to me. Seems incredibly important to me. Seems incredibly important to me. I think that's something that I think that's something that I think that's something that. Stands out in the crypto world, although stands out in the crypto world, although. Stands out in the crypto world, although we are very much involved with each other. I think. We are very much involved with each other. I think we are very much involved with each other. I think. All the calls we're making, if we're all the calls we're making, if we're all the calls we're making, if we're. Talking about a panel, always come up when talking about a panel, always come up when. Talking about a panel, always come up when all the panelists finish. They are all the panelists finish. They are. All the panelists finish. They are really open to being really open to being really open to being. Contacted, always through Twitter, contacted, always through Twitter, contacted, always through Twitter,. Always through email, Telegram. Any always through email, Telegram. Any always through email, Telegram. Any. Questions, let us know if we have a call, if questions, let us know if we have a call, if. Questions, let us know if we have a call, if we can refer you. I think it was we can refer you. I think it was. We can refer you. I think it was the beginning where those of us the beginning where those of us. The beginning where those of us involved in the crypto world wanted to involved in the crypto world wanted to. Involved in the crypto world wanted to help people get involved and help people get involved and. Help people get involved and educate themselves because the risk of a lack educate themselves because the risk of a lack. Educate themselves because the risk of a lack of education is very high. So I think you. Of education is very high. So I think you of education is very high. So I think you. See a lot of companies see a lot of companies see a lot of companies working together to generate something. Working together to generate something working together to generate something bigger, and. Bigger, and bigger, and crypto entrepreneurs wanting to help and educate crypto entrepreneurs wanting to help and educate. Crypto entrepreneurs wanting to help and educate people who aren't involved in the. People who aren't involved in the people who aren't involved in the subject today, to guide them to where they need to. Subject today, to guide them to where they need to subject today, to guide them to where they need to. Go, how, and what the fastest way is go, how, and what the fastest way is go, how, and what the fastest way is. For us to get for us to get for us to get involved in many involved in many involved in many. Startup proposals that want to start creating the startup proposals that want to start creating the. Startup proposals that want to start creating the Stellar world. They don't know anything about the sets, they don't. Stellar world. They don't know anything about the sets, they don't Stellar world. They don't know anything about the sets, they don't. Know how to integrate, they don't know what know how to integrate, they don't know what. Know how to integrate, they don't know what an author is, and the truth is that we invest a. An author is, and the truth is that we invest a an author is, and the truth is that we invest a. Lot of time in receiving those calls, lot of time in receiving those calls, lot of time in receiving those calls,. Accepting them, and really explaining accepting them, and really explaining accepting them, and really explaining. Where and what to do because they also have to go through where and what to do because they also have to go through. Where and what to do because they also have to go through the mindset. You have to go through it, and the moment they. The mindset. You have to go through it, and the moment they the mindset. You have to go through it, and the moment they. Reach the size and reach the size and reach the size and level of my code that is acquired to. Level of my code that is acquired to level of my code that is acquired to use any of these. Use any of these use any of these products or any service, we can't products or any service, we can't. Products or any service, we can't Collaborating, getting back in Collaborating, getting back in. Collaborating, getting back in touch with us, is great, and there are many we touch with us, is great, and there are many we. Touch with us, is great, and there are many we 've really helped to 've really helped to. 've really helped to understand what it was like to understand understand what it was like to understand. Understand what it was like to understand what the next steps would be and how it would. What the next steps would be and how it would what the next steps would be and how it would. Help them or not, help them or not, help them or not, for what they wanted to create. For what they wanted to create. For what they wanted to create. I think that's one of the I think that's one of the I think that's one of the most important qualities of the. Most important qualities of the most important qualities of the written world, and that's how it's believed to have grown, in that. Written world, and that's how it's believed to have grown, in that written world, and that's how it's believed to have grown, in that. Decentralization of helping each other between two decentralization of helping each other between two. Decentralization of helping each other between two aggressors. That's what I want to highlight again,. Want to highlight again, that aspect of the industry and that aspect of the industry and. That aspect of the industry and also of the Steller ecosystem, not in also of the Steller ecosystem, not in. Also of the Steller ecosystem, not in having the power to call you, "You're having the power to call you, "You're. Having the power to call you, "You're here," and not ask you those questions, and. Here," and not ask you those questions, and here," and not ask you those questions, and. Having that guidance that can save you, having that guidance that can save you, having that guidance that can save you,. Not only a lot of time, not only a lot of time, not only a lot of time, but also how to have that. But also how to have that but also how to have that confidence in how to start and how to get. Confidence in how to start and how to get confidence in how to start and how to get. Into the ecosystem and how to succeed. Into the ecosystem and how to succeed. Into the ecosystem and how to succeed. I always wanted to put the I always wanted to put the I always wanted to put the point of this place, which was to ask. Point of this place, which was to ask point of this place, which was to ask a question that I would love for him to be. A question that I would love for him to be a question that I would love for him to be. Telling you about: what would telling you about: what would telling you about: what would. The steps be? He's already experienced the the steps be? He's already experienced the. The steps be? He's already experienced the future of integration. Tell me, what does it look like, what does it seem like,. Future of integration. Tell me, what does it look like, what does it seem like, future of integration. Tell me, what does it look like, what does it seem like,. And where is the and where is the and where is the path I have to follow to help path I have to follow to help. Path I have to follow to help people not get confused? I think it's about people not get confused? I think it's about. People not get confused? I think it's about saving time for the whole saving time for the whole. Saving time for the whole ecosystem. As I've grown, it's happened to me ecosystem. As I've grown, it's happened to me. Ecosystem. As I've grown, it's happened to me quite often, quite often, quite often,. And well, continuing with the topic of what and well, continuing with the topic of what. And well, continuing with the topic of what you consider necessary to develop the. You consider necessary to develop the you consider necessary to develop the integration of Jane blogs in a startup. Integration of Jane blogs in a startup integration of Jane blogs in a startup or a new company, I'd love to. Or a new company, I'd love to or a new company, I'd love to hear a bit from Rubén about what. Hear a bit from Rubén about what hear a bit from Rubén about what advice you would give to someone who is. Advice you would give to someone who is advice you would give to someone who is starting out. Well, I. Same way same way that that that , , , or rather aligned with the. Or rather aligned with the or rather aligned with the decentralized technology method, I think that. Just as all entrepreneurs are just as all entrepreneurs are quite open, quite open,. Quite open, maybe they don't answer Lides because they're maybe they don't answer Lides because they're. Maybe they don't answer Lides because they're busy, but surely they would all be busy, but surely they would all be. Busy, but surely they would all be willing to help. Also, willing to help. Also, willing to help. Also,. All the information one needs all the information one needs all the information one needs. To be able to to be able to to be able to frame this technology and adopt it frame this technology and adopt it. Frame this technology and adopt it is everywhere on the internet; it's is everywhere on the internet; it's. Is everywhere on the internet; it's open to all its teachers. Open to all its teachers. Open to all its teachers. That thing I was saying about Ron and the taxi fort, to be able to about Ron and the taxi fort, to be able to. Have a version that was made to have a version that was made to have a version that was made to. Measure, adjusts to the needs, and speaks to measure, adjusts to the needs, and speaks to. Measure, adjusts to the needs, and speaks to how accessible it is. They can take,. How accessible it is. They can take, how accessible it is. They can take, copy, and paste their clone from the. Copy, and paste their clone from the copy, and paste their clone from the outside or make the changes they. Outside or make the changes they outside or make the changes they needed so that these actions. Needed so that these actions needed so that these actions required more adjustment to their way. Required more adjustment to their way. Required more adjustment to their way. You can leave it; there's a vulnerability, and they You can leave it; there's a vulnerability, and they. You can leave it; there's a vulnerability, and they lost a lot. Tajín mirror lost a lot. Tajín mirror. Lost a lot. Tajín mirror at the same time, I think it speaks to how at the same time, I think it speaks to how. At the same time, I think it speaks to how accessible it is for anyone, and so accessible it is for anyone, and so. Accessible it is for anyone, and so now, yes, now, yes, and responsibility from the entrepreneur. You. And responsibility from the entrepreneur. You and responsibility from the entrepreneur. You. Must be must be must be looking on the internet for looking on the internet for looking on the internet for. The most reliable sources, and I think that, the most reliable sources, and I think that,. The most reliable sources, and I think that, compared to other compared to other compared to other. Technologies, they've made working with technologies, they've made working with technologies, they've made working with. Their keyboard super easy. Everything they their keyboard super easy. Everything they. Their keyboard super easy. Everything they put in the Web 2.0 language is almost entirely user-. Put in the Web 2.0 language is almost entirely user- put in the Web 2.0 language is almost entirely user-. Friendly, so that friendly, so that friendly, so that a developer who has a developer who has. A developer who has already worked in the business already worked in the business. Already worked in the business world can understand how to apply the world can understand how to apply the. World can understand how to apply the technology. There are tons of resources, and. Technology. There are tons of resources, and technology. There are tons of resources, and. Everything they develop to help everything they develop to help everything they develop to help. All companies is here; everything belongs to all companies is here; everything belongs to. All companies is here; everything belongs to everyone. So it's a great way, I think,. Everyone. So it's a great way, I think, everyone. So it's a great way, I think, to start. You can say, "How is it that they. To start. You can say, "How is it that they give you a whole framework so give you a whole framework so. You can easily develop you can easily develop you can easily develop your application?" And I'm. Your application?" And I'm your application?" And I'm simplifying, you know my identity, I'm a bit of a. Simplifying, you know my identity, I'm a bit of a simplifying, you know my identity, I'm a bit of a. Fool, but I see that our team—and I fool, but I see that our team—and I fool, but I see that our team—and I. Never never never say, obviously not all professions say, obviously not all professions. Say, obviously not all professions have their own language, like this, very have their own language, like this, very. Have their own language, like this, very solid and all that—but nobody has done solid and all that—but nobody has done. Solid and all that—but nobody has done anything like that. However, in a anything like that. However, in a. Anything like that. However, in a very familiar way, very familiar way, very familiar way,. The documentation and the documentation and the documentation and infrastructure are made so that. Infrastructure are made so that infrastructure are made so that our our our back-end developers can. Back-end developers can interact with, use, and test the interact with, use, and test the. Technology from home. So... Different resources technology from home. So... Different resources. Technology from home. So... Different resources on this side, that's a really good point, a very good. On this side, that's a really good point, a very good on this side, that's a really good point, a very good. Point for developers. Point for developers. Point for developers. The first question is always, "Do I need to The first question is always, "Do I need to. The first question is always, "Do I need to know your Olivetti to develop?" And know your Olivetti to develop?" And. Know your Olivetti to develop?" And well, in that case, you have it. It's effective. Well, in that case, you have it. It's effective well, in that case, you have it. It's effective. In several languages, so that makes it in several languages, so that makes it in several languages, so that makes it. Easier for someone who is a easier for someone who is a easier for someone who is a. Developer and an expert in another developer and an expert in another developer and an expert in another. Language to focus and language to focus and language to focus and start easily. So, that's a great. Start easily. So, that's a great start easily. So, that's a great point. And if we talk about. Point. And if we talk about point. And if we talk about blogs in the UI, and I could talk for hours about. Blogs in the UI, and I could talk for hours about blogs in the UI, and I could talk for hours about. Blogs, without a doubt, blogs, without a doubt, blogs, without a doubt, the people listening are. The people listening are the people listening are also interested in knowing a little more. Also interested in knowing a little more also interested in knowing a little more. About you. So I wanted to see if you about you. So I wanted to see if you about you. So I wanted to see if you. Have any stories or anecdotes have any stories or anecdotes have any stories or anecdotes. About being an entrepreneur or about about being an entrepreneur or about about being an entrepreneur or about. The ecosystem that you want to share with the ecosystem that you want to share with. The ecosystem that you want to share with those listening. I think I think in recent years, in recent years, in recent years, the the the anecdote is like a summer, and how. Anecdote is like a summer, and how anecdote is like a summer, and how the market seems, how it looked. The market seems, how it looked the market seems, how it looked four years ago, and how it will look in the. Four years ago, and how it will look in the four years ago, and how it will look in the. Next four years. In entrepreneurship, next four years. In entrepreneurship, next four years. In entrepreneurship,. Four years ago we were crazy, all four years ago we were crazy, all four years ago we were crazy, all. The banks we called would hang up on us. The banks we called would hang up on us. The banks we called would hang up on us. Everyone thought we worked with Everyone thought we worked with Everyone thought we worked with. Drug traffickers, and everyone was drug traffickers, and everyone was drug traffickers, and everyone was. Afraid. And really, when we afraid. And really, when we afraid. And really, when we. Do everything possible to be in the The do everything possible to be in the The. Do everything possible to be in the The most compliant option possible most compliant option possible. Most compliant option possible today is the complete opposite. We have today is the complete opposite. We have. Today is the complete opposite. We have banks calling us to see banks calling us to see. Banks calling us to see how crypto can be used and how they how crypto can be used and how they. How crypto can be used and how they can innovate on the foundation of Christ. Can innovate on the foundation of Christ. Can innovate on the foundation of Christ. I think that in the next four years, we'll I think that in the next four years, we'll. I think that in the next four years, we'll see that all banks will see that all banks will. See that all banks will incorporate crypto in one way or another, and it will incorporate crypto in one way or another, and it will. Incorporate crypto in one way or another, and it will become the norm. Become the norm. Become the norm. From four years ago, we'll From four years ago, we'll From four years ago, we'll look like crazy people, and we don't believe that. Look like crazy people, and we don't believe that look like crazy people, and we don't believe that. Today. If you feel like you today. If you feel like you today. If you feel like you. 're creating something, maybe you can get on 're creating something, maybe you can get on. 're creating something, maybe you can get on the right track. Four years later, you'll be a hero. The right track. Four years later, you'll be a hero the right track. Four years later, you'll be a hero. Because you're trying to create a product that because you're trying to create a product that. Because you're trying to create a product that today is perhaps very innovative for what's. Today is perhaps very innovative for what's today is perhaps very innovative for what's. Coming in the future. Yes, great, Matías. Yes, great, Matías. Any stories to share? Well, it's a Any stories to share? Well, it's a Any stories to share? Well, it's a. Comment I got from an comment I got from an comment I got from an acquaintance. It was. Acquaintance. It was acquaintance. It was more of a coffee chat when I started to apply, let's. More of a coffee chat when I started to apply, let's more of a coffee chat when I started to apply, let's. Say, a bit of what I think applies to say, a bit of what I think applies to say, a bit of what I think applies to. Everyone who at some point started everyone who at some point started everyone who at some point started. With a Chinese blog. When you see with a Chinese blog. When you see with a Chinese blog. When you see. All the things you can do— all the things you can do— all the things you can do— document certification, the. Document certification, the document certification, the applications that finance can have, the whole. Applications that finance can have, the whole applications that finance can have, the whole. Broad range of applications that broad range of applications that broad range of applications that. The financial sector has— the financial sector has— the financial sector has— well, a lot of technologies to. Well, a lot of technologies to well, a lot of technologies to apply, and I went with all that. Apply, and I went with all that apply, and I went with all that momentum. Junior entrepreneurs, and without. Momentum. Junior entrepreneurs, and without momentum. Junior entrepreneurs, and without. My milk, have ideas about all this, my milk, have ideas about all this, my milk, have ideas about all this,. And he looked at me and said, "Look, the and he looked at me and said, "Look, the. And he looked at me and said, "Look, the reality is that even reality is that even. Reality is that even as a vice president, he doesn't say exactly what you shouldn't. As a vice president, he doesn't say exactly what you shouldn't do. He tells me, 'You have to. Do. He tells me, 'You have to try to find a try to find a try to find a solution,. Solution, solution, focus, and give 100% to that focus, and give 100% to that focus, and give 100% to that. Solution.' One is the easiest decision solution.' One is the easiest decision solution.' One is the easiest decision. Because with the energy and because with the energy and because with the energy and. Desire you bring, you say, 'With blocks, desire you bring, you say, 'With blocks,. Desire you bring, you say, 'With blocks, we're going to do a lot of things,' and you have a. We're going to do a lot of things,' and you have a we're going to do a lot of things,' and you have a. Lot of serious things as an lot of serious things as an lot of serious things as an. Entrepreneur who starts with entrepreneur who starts with entrepreneur who starts with. This, but if I can add this, I this, but if I can add this, I this, but if I can add this, I. Can have a bigger solution. For can have a bigger solution. For can have a bigger solution. For. Me, the advice is to focus, give all your me, the advice is to focus, give all your. Me, the advice is to focus, give all your contacts, all your energy, and contacts, all your energy, and. Contacts, all your energy, and 100% to one solution 100% to one solution 100% to one solution. And not try to be all-powerful and have the right to and not try to be all-powerful and have the right to. And not try to be all-powerful and have the right to do everything. Otherwise, you'll. Do everything. Otherwise, you'll do everything. Otherwise, you'll define who can't do anything, and only. Define who can't do anything, and only define who can't do anything, and only define a couple of things to. Define a couple of things to define a couple of things to do, not everything that can be. Do, not everything that can be do, not everything that can be solved. Solved. Solved. Great! Focus is super Great! Focus is super Great! Focus is super important. Milagros, any anecdotes you want to tell us? Milagros, any anecdotes you want to tell us? Well, I'll tell you a few. Cheers, Doctor. Well, it Well, I'll tell you a few. Cheers, Doctor. Well, it. Happened to me that when I started happened to me that when I started happened to me that when I started. Trip to Blue Change to work in the Trip to Blue Change to work in the Trip to Blue Change to work in the. Ecosystem, when I had to..." When I tried to explain to ecosystem, when I had to..." When I tried to explain to. Ecosystem, when I had to..." When I tried to explain to a friend or family member what I was. A friend or family member what I was a friend or family member what I was doing, they didn't seem to understand. Doing, they didn't seem to understand. Doing, they didn't seem to understand. I tried to explain what Jim's blog was, what I tried to explain what Jim's blog was, what. I tried to explain what Jim's blog was, what By Brandt did, and it was super By Brandt did, and it was super. By Brandt did, and it was super difficult for everyone to understand. Difficult for everyone to understand. Difficult for everyone to understand. But little by little, with a But little by little, with a But little by little, with a. Lot of patience, I started showing each lot of patience, I started showing each lot of patience, I started showing each. Of my family members, uncles, and even my of my family members, uncles, and even my. Of my family members, uncles, and even my grandfather how to buy By grandfather how to buy By. Grandfather how to buy By Brandt bikes. It's super easy, and now, a year Brandt bikes. It's super easy, and now, a year. Brandt bikes. It's super easy, and now, a year later, I can't believe it. He later, I can't believe it. He. Later, I can't believe it. He came and told me he'd bought one. Came and told me he'd bought one. Came and told me he'd bought one. I decided to do a casting call on eBay, I decided to do a casting call on eBay, I decided to do a casting call on eBay,. 26 Callao, I don't know, which is great. And 26 Callao, I don't know, which is great. And. 26 Callao, I don't know, which is great. And my uncle came and told me he'd already. My uncle came and told me he'd already my uncle came and told me he'd already bought one. Yes, yes, the truth is, I'm really. Bought one. Yes, yes, the truth is, I'm really bought one. Yes, yes, the truth is, I'm really. Proud that in a proud that in a proud that in a year I've been able to convince so. Year I've been able to convince so year I've been able to convince so many family members and so many other people to join. Many family members and so many other people to join many family members and so many other people to join. The ecosystem, and I think that's the ecosystem, and I think that's the ecosystem, and I think that's. Super important. It's an super important. It's an super important. It's an anecdote I always like to share:. Anecdote I always like to share: anecdote I always like to share: in a year you can do so many things, and. In a year you can do so many things, and in a year you can do so many things, and. Including so many people in the including so many people in the including so many people in the. Ecosystem seems really ecosystem seems really ecosystem seems really interesting to me. And with this story, I'll see. Interesting to me. And with this story, I'll see interesting to me. And with this story, I'll see. How, in a way, how, in a way, how, in a way, working on blogs and also all the working on blogs and also all the. Working on blogs and also all the people around you—not your people around you—not your. People around you—not your family, your friends, but in a certain way—it's about... The way. Family, your friends, but in a certain way—it's about... The way family, your friends, but in a certain way—it's about... The way. They start to get involved and find out, and well, they start to get involved and find out, and well,. They start to get involved and find out, and well, that seems super important to us,. Rubén. Any stories of yours? Well, I'm Rubén. Any stories of yours? Well, I'm going to offer some advice. I think. Going to offer some advice. I think in the history of art there have been in the history of art there have been. Many horror stories horror stories caused by war. Caused by war. Caused by war. Venturing into this adventure with this Venturing into this adventure with this Venturing into this adventure with this. New technology has made life new technology has made life new technology has made life. Difficult in a way because we difficult in a way because we difficult in a way because we. Started as pioneers, knowing what it was going to started as pioneers, knowing what it was going to. Started as pioneers, knowing what it was going to do to us, but at the do to us, but at the. Do to us, but at the same time clashing with a world that already had same time clashing with a world that already had. Same time clashing with a world that already had fibers that were elsewhere. Fibers that were elsewhere. Fibers that were elsewhere. But that made it difficult for us at the But that made it difficult for us at the. But that made it difficult for us at the beginning to get up and running. Beginning to get up and running. Beginning to get up and running. Convincing people to work with Convincing people to work with Convincing people to work with. Us was difficult. We were us was difficult. We were us was difficult. We were starting to evangelize everyone, and on top of that, we were. Starting to evangelize everyone, and on top of that, we were starting to evangelize everyone, and on top of that, we were. Trying to set up a trying to set up a trying to set up a parish that charged fees, so it was. Parish that charged fees, so it was parish that charged fees, so it was difficult. However, what always. Difficult. However, what always difficult. However, what always helped us was keeping in mind that what. Helped us was keeping in mind that what helped us was keeping in mind that what we wanted was to help. We wanted was to help we wanted was to help people, and we have such a clear vision that it. People, and we have such a clear vision that it people, and we have such a clear vision that it. Allowed us to keep going allowed us to keep going allowed us to keep going when things went badly, and me too. And. When things went badly, and me too. And when things went badly, and me too. And although things aren't easy, I. Although things aren't easy, I although things aren't easy, I realize that what differentiates a. Realize that what differentiates a realize that what differentiates a good entrepreneur from what happens is that. Good entrepreneur from what happens is that good entrepreneur from what happens is that. One stays with the one stays with the one stays with the energy to keep going, and. Energy to keep going, and energy to keep going, and another suddenly gets tired of. Another suddenly gets tired of another suddenly gets tired of doing it. Doing it. Doing it. A vision worthy of time, and A vision worthy of time, and A vision worthy of time, and. Time itself, gives you the time itself, gives you the time itself, gives you the energy to keep giving it your all, the. Energy to keep giving it your all, the energy to keep giving it your all, the time you have to give it. Time you have to give it time you have to give it so that your so that your so that your. Company, your self-employment, is excellent and successful. So that's what I'm going to. Company, your self-employment, is excellent and successful. So that's what I'm going to. Company, your self-employment, is excellent and successful. So that's what I'm going to. Tell everyone with this advice: tell everyone with this advice: tell everyone with this advice:. Choose your missions well, and if you choose your missions well, and if you choose your missions well, and if you. Have a vision have a vision have a vision that drives you, then that's all you that drives you, then that's all you. That drives you, then that's all you need because the rest— need because the rest—. Need because the rest— persistence—is there, but a worthy mission persistence—is there, but a worthy mission. Persistence—is there, but a worthy mission that makes you persistent... I don't know. That makes you persistent... I don't know that makes you persistent... I don't know. How it works sometimes. So, this advice... and well, back to the sometimes. So, this advice... and well, back to the. Focus, in terms of in terms of financial inclusion. Financial inclusion, yes, of course, that's a distributed mission. Yes, of course, that's a distributed mission that aligns us all, and we all that aligns us all, and we all. That aligns us all, and we all benefit from it. So, they also have benefit from it. So, they also have. Benefit from it. So, they also have a very powerful mission in a very powerful mission in. A very powerful mission in the world, boxing, which is really cool. Great, the world, boxing, which is really cool. Great,. The world, boxing, which is really cool. Great, I see I'm echoing and I apologize, I don't know. I see I'm echoing and I apologize, I don't know why, why, why, but I wanted to close by talking to. But I wanted to close by talking to but I wanted to close by talking to everyone and answering a question I. Everyone and answering a question I everyone and answering a question I saw in the chat, which is how we can be. Saw in the chat, which is how we can be saw in the chat, which is how we can be more involved with the ecosystem. And well,. More involved with the ecosystem. And well, more involved with the ecosystem. And well,. Estelar is doing an event in Estelar is doing an event in Estelar is doing an event in. Mexico, not only in Mexico but also Mexico, not only in Mexico but also Mexico, not only in Mexico but also. Virtually in May, which... The event that everyone virtually in May, which... The event that everyone. Virtually in May, which... The event that everyone can join is from May 20th to 22nd and it's. Can join is from May 20th to 22nd and it's can join is from May 20th to 22nd and it's. Called Startup Weekend or Blogs called Startup Weekend or Blogs called Startup Weekend or Blogs. In Mexico City. It's super long, but anyway, in Mexico City. It's super long, but anyway,. In Mexico City. It's super long, but anyway, I'm going to put the link to the chat channel so you can. I'm going to put the link to the chat channel so you can I'm going to put the link to the chat channel so you can. See it and, well, so that, see it and, well, so that, see it and, well, so that, according to the system, you'll be encouraged to participate. We. According to the system, you'll be encouraged to participate. We according to the system, you'll be encouraged to participate. We. Want to tell everyone that there's no want to tell everyone that there's no want to tell everyone that there's no. Question that isn't question that isn't question that isn't valid, so please contact us. I want to. Valid, so please contact us. I want to valid, so please contact us. I want to thank this panel; it's an honor to. Thank this panel; it's an honor to thank this panel; it's an honor to be here with you. And again,. Be here with you. And again, be here with you. And again, the companies you've built are the ones. The companies you've built are the ones the companies you've built are the ones we look at every day, and. We look at every day, and we look at every day, and we're always waiting to see them. We're always waiting to see them we're always waiting to see them grow more and more day by day. We hope to. Grow more and more day by day. We hope to grow more and more day by day. We hope to. Hear much more from you and your hear much more from you and your hear much more from you and your. Companies. Companies. Companies. Thank you so much for the invitation, Thank you so much for the invitation, Thank you so much for the invitation,. Brad Animals. I had an amazing time, and I Brad Animals. I had an amazing time, and I. Brad Animals. I had an amazing time, and I hope that those who listened on the hope that those who listened on the. Hope that those who listened on the other side took away some insights. And other side took away some insights. And. Other side took away some insights. And again, I'm again, I'm again, I'm personally totally open to. Personally totally open to personally totally open to helping you with whatever you need on this. Helping you with whatever you need on this helping you with whatever you need on this. Path, the entrepreneurial path, the path path, the entrepreneurial path, the path. Path, the entrepreneurial path, the path of wanting to create, grow, and build something. Yes,. Of wanting to create, grow, and build something. Yes, of wanting to create, grow, and build something. Yes,. Well, you can contact me through the well, you can contact me through the well, you can contact me through the. Set's website, my Twitter is set's website, my Twitter is set's website, my Twitter is. @jacquessaracco, any @jacquessaracco, any @jacquessaracco, any messages are always welcome. Likewise, thank you very much for everything. You can't Likewise, thank you very much for everything. You can't. Find me. As Rubén, who is a Twitter user, I find me. As Rubén, who is a Twitter user, I. Ask that you visit me if you need ask that you visit me if you need me because I was a bit rude when answering,. Me because I was a bit rude when answering, me because I was a bit rude when answering,. But anyway, I don't want to start an argument. But anyway, I don't want to start an argument. But anyway, I don't want to start an argument. Thank you, Mercedes, and everyone for Thank you, Mercedes, and everyone for Thank you, Mercedes, and everyone for. Participating in this role. It was very helpful participating in this role. It was very helpful. Participating in this role. It was very helpful today. I wish you a great weekend. See you soon. Today. I wish you a great weekend. See you soon. Well, thank you all. I Well, thank you all. I invite you to follow us on invite you to follow us on. Invite you to follow us on social media and download By Brandy social media and download By Brandy. Social media and download By Brandy and try it out. There are many new things coming. And try it out. There are many new things coming and try it out. There are many new things coming. To the app, so I to the app, so I to the app, so I invite you to download it. It's available. Invite you to download it. It's available invite you to download it. It's available. On iOS and Android. And also, I'm at your on iOS and Android. And also, I'm at your. On iOS and Android. And also, I'm at your disposal if you need anything or disposal if you need anything or. Disposal if you need anything or have any questions regarding this have any questions regarding this. Have any questions regarding this case or Ireland. Case or Ireland. Case or Ireland. On my end, thank you to the On my end, thank you to the On my end, thank you to the. Panel. It's really great, everything you're panel. It's really great, everything you're. Panel. It's really great, everything you're building is excellent. I'm very happy to be. Building is excellent. I'm very happy to be building is excellent. I'm very happy to be. Here with you. Here with you. Here with you. Greetings also to all the Greetings also to all the Greetings also to all the entrepreneurs and everyone who wants to get. Entrepreneurs and everyone who wants to get entrepreneurs and everyone who wants to get. Involved on this side or in any involved on this side or in any involved on this side or in any. Blogging topic. I'm totally willing. Blogging topic. I'm totally willing. Blogging topic. I'm totally willing. So, thank you very much, Mercedes, and to the So, thank you very much, Mercedes, and to the. So, thank you very much, Mercedes, and to the team. Thank you all very much, and team. Thank you all very much, and. Team. Thank you all very much, and see you at the next Stellar event. See you at the next Stellar event. See you at the next Stellar event. Thank you very much.
