Hello and welcome everyone to this hello and welcome everyone to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting today. Week's Stellar Developer Meeting today week's Stellar Developer Meeting today. I have Christen from open sein here and I have Christen from open sein here and I have Christen from open sein here and. he's going to give a quick he's going to give a quick he's going to give a quick. Introduction to to open sein and the introduction to to open sein and the introduction to to open sein and the. Collaboration we've we've been having collaboration we've we've been having. Collaboration we've we've been having for for a while and just have a quick for for a while and just have a quick. For for a while and just have a quick checkin in on where where we are on on checkin in on where where we are on on. Checkin in on where where we are on on things with getting Stellar on open sein things with getting Stellar on open sein. Things with getting Stellar on open sein so welcome so welcome so welcome Christian nice question nice to meet you. Christian nice question nice to meet you Christian nice question nice to meet you. Yeah so it's great to be here I yeah so it's great to be here I yeah so it's great to be here I. I'll give I think I can give more a bit I'll give I think I can give more a bit I'll give I think I can give more a bit. Of introduction about open zapping and of introduction about open zapping and of introduction about open zapping and. For the people that might have missed it for the people that might have missed it. For the people that might have missed it our partnership the work that we're our partnership the work that we're. Our partnership the work that we're going to do with with Stellar if that's going to do with with Stellar if that's. Going to do with with Stellar if that's that's okay yeah that sounds good that's that's okay yeah that sounds good that's. That's okay yeah that sounds good that's great yeah I mean for the one that great yeah I mean for the one that. Great yeah I mean for the one that missed it open zein signed missed it open zein signed. Missed it open zein signed basically a partnership with Stellar basically a partnership with Stellar. Basically a partnership with Stellar that is going to be two years long and that is going to be two years long and. That is going to be two years long and the goal is to improve the developer the goal is to improve the developer. The goal is to improve the developer experience on on Stellar why why is that experience on on Stellar why why is that. Experience on on Stellar why why is that the reason is that OpenZeppelin is of the reason is that OpenZeppelin is of. The reason is that OpenZeppelin is of course known for being a security course known for being a security. Course known for being a security blockchain company we are like one of blockchain company we are like one of. Blockchain company we are like one of the top auditing firm for security the top auditing firm for security. The top auditing firm for security services but we built we built that services but we built we built that. Services but we built we built that based on our solidity contracts Library based on our solidity contracts Library. Based on our solidity contracts Library so to give you the reference our so to give you the reference our. So to give you the reference our solidity contract Library as basically solidity contract Library as basically. Solidity contract Library as basically processed over 20 trillion in total processed over 20 trillion in total. Processed over 20 trillion in total value transferred it now secured over value transferred it now secured over. Value transferred it now secured over 150 billion in total value lock 150 billion in total value lock. 150 billion in total value lock processing over three billion of processing over three billion of. Processing over three billion of transaction 250 million active wallet transaction 250 million active wallet. Transaction 250 million active wallet use use opens app in contract like use use opens app in contract like. Use use opens app in contract like that's huge adoption of course to that's huge adoption of course to. That's huge adoption of course to give like a percentage like 35% of give like a percentage like 35% of . Give like a percentage like 35% of evm blockchain transaction are processed evm blockchain transaction are processed. Evm blockchain transaction are processed for open Zing contracts and it's like a for open Zing contracts and it's like a. For open Zing contracts and it's like a of course a big number that tells for of course a big number that tells for . Of course a big number that tells for how simple how safe and how good is how simple how safe and how good is. How simple how safe and how good is for developers to build on top open for developers to build on top open. For developers to build on top open zling contracts so the goal of of the zling contracts so the goal of of the. Zling contracts so the goal of of the partnership of with seller is to bring partnership of with seller is to bring. Partnership of with seller is to bring that easy of building and that that easy of building and that. That easy of building and that nice developer experience to to the nice developer experience to to the. Nice developer experience to to the Stellar ecosystem we believe a lot in in Stellar ecosystem we believe a lot in in. Stellar ecosystem we believe a lot in in in the Stellar ecosystem and we want to in the Stellar ecosystem and we want to. In the Stellar ecosystem and we want to grieve Stellar grieve Stellar grieve Stellar. Developers and Stellar develop developers and Stellar develop developers and Stellar develop. a great experience to build a great experience to build a great experience to build. Application better and and easier so application better and and easier so application better and and easier so . Over this year we're going we're over this year we're going we're over this year we're going we're. Basically going to develop a full soran basically going to develop a full soran basically going to develop a full soran. Contract Library bringing many of the contract Library bringing many of the. Contract Library bringing many of the flagship cont that we have on the on the. Flagship cont that we have on the on the flagship cont that we have on the on the. Solity library so like erc20 that is solity library so like erc20 that is solity library so like erc20 that is. Like fible token RC71 that are like like fible token RC71 that are like like fible token RC71 that are like. Nonf fungible token volt the volt nonf fungible token volt the volt nonf fungible token volt the volt. Standard and many others that are standard and many others that are standard and many others that are . Tailor it to the to the Stellar tailor it to the to the Stellar tailor it to the to the Stellar. Ecosystem and on top of that we're also ecosystem and on top of that we're also ecosystem and on top of that we're also. Going to build open source developer going to build open source developer going to build open source developer. Tooling that is going to help a lot tooling that is going to help a lot tooling that is going to help a lot . Developers to automate a lot of a lot developers to automate a lot of a lot. Developers to automate a lot of a lot of tasks one of those tools is Rel of tasks one of those tools is Rel. Of tasks one of those tools is Rel layers that allow for like gasless meta layers that allow for like gasless meta. Layers that allow for like gasless meta transaction and it works together transaction and it works together. Transaction and it works together with monitors that we're also going to with monitors that we're also going to. With monitors that we're also going to bring on Stellar so basically you might bring on Stellar so basically you might. Bring on Stellar so basically you might want to set some specific condition on want to set some specific condition on. Want to set some specific condition on your contract and what you want your contract and what you want. Your contract and what you want transaction of course to run transaction of course to run. Transaction of course to run automatically based on the parameters automatically based on the parameters. Automatically based on the parameters you you set you will be able to do that you you set you will be able to do that. You you set you will be able to do that very soon also Stellar and that's I very soon also Stellar and that's I. Very soon also Stellar and that's I think great and in general yeah we'll think great and in general yeah we'll. Think great and in general yeah we'll work on improving developer experience work on improving developer experience. Work on improving developer experience based on feedback by by the community based on feedback by by the community. Based on feedback by by the community that's a bit on the general overview of that's a bit on the general overview of. That's a bit on the general overview of what we're going to build over the next what we're going to build over the next. What we're going to build over the next two years it's going to be a long two years it's going to be a long. Two years it's going to be a long partnership yeah it's great I love partnership yeah it's great I love. Partnership yeah it's great I love that it's it's going to make it easier that it's it's going to make it easier. That it's it's going to make it easier for developers to to add tokenization or for developers to to add tokenization or. For developers to to add tokenization or add payments and also the secure part of. Add payments and also the secure part of add payments and also the secure part of. It the audit part of it I think is is is it the audit part of it I think is is is. It the audit part of it I think is is is a very it's a very appealing option for a very it's a very appealing option for. A very it's a very appealing option for developers yes yes exactly developers yes yes exactly. Developers yes yes exactly so yeah exactly the goal is to is to so yeah exactly the goal is to is to. So yeah exactly the goal is to is to bring the more the more tools that bring the more the more tools that. Bring the more the more tools that can help really developers to to to can help really developers to to to. Can help really developers to to to build in an easy and of course build in an easy and of course . Build in an easy and of course Safe Way and actually I mean it's we Safe Way and actually I mean it's we. Safe Way and actually I mean it's we we did very recently the first release we did very recently the first release. We did very recently the first release of the of the of the of the of the of the library we actually released the. Library we actually released the library we actually released the fible token standard along with some. Fible token standard along with some fible token standard along with some extension that allow the allow for token. Extension that allow the allow for token extension that allow the allow for token. To have extension like minable to have extension like minable to have extension like minable. Burnable posable and a couple of burnable posable and a couple of burnable posable and a couple of. Other things it's just of course a other things it's just of course a other things it's just of course a. First simple release but it's it's first simple release but it's it's. First simple release but it's it's already being used and that's that's already being used and that's that's. Already being used and that's that's amazing and actually part of this in amazing and actually part of this in. Amazing and actually part of this in as part of this release we also added as part of this release we also added. As part of this release we also added Stellar to the OpenZeppelin wizard Stellar to the OpenZeppelin wizard. Stellar to the OpenZeppelin wizard which is a smart contract interactive which is a smart contract interactive. Which is a smart contract interactive generator that I can share right now I generator that I can share right now I. Generator that I can share right now I guess right yep I actually have an guess right yep I actually have an. Guess right yep I actually have an opportunity to play with the the Wizard opportunity to play with the the Wizard. Opportunity to play with the the Wizard a little bit and I must say this this a little bit and I must say this this. A little bit and I must say this this makes it so much easier there's a lot of makes it so much easier there's a lot of. Makes it so much easier there's a lot of there's a lot of thoughts put into there's a lot of thoughts put into. There's a lot of thoughts put into building this it's very obvious and it building this it's very obvious and it. Building this it's very obvious and it makes it very easy and productive for makes it very easy and productive for. Makes it very easy and productive for developers yeah yeah exactly we this is developers yeah yeah exactly we this is. Developers yeah yeah exactly we this is basically the wizard interface we have basically the wizard interface we have. Basically the wizard interface we have many many users over over the over many many users over over the over. Many many users over over the over 10,000 users using our solidity wizard 10,000 users using our solidity wizard. 10,000 users using our solidity wizard that you can see as many standard that that you can see as many standard that. That you can see as many standard that you can take as a reference of how the you can take as a reference of how the. You can take as a reference of how the Stellar wizard might look like but yeah Stellar wizard might look like but yeah. Stellar wizard might look like but yeah we did the first release and the great we did the first release and the great. We did the first release and the great thing of the wizard is that you can thing of the wizard is that you can . Thing of the wizard is that you can go to wizard. openpr.com Stellar and go to wizard. openpr.com Stellar and. Go to wizard. openpr.com Stellar and it's completely free like you don't need it's completely free like you don't need. It's completely free like you don't need to create an account or anything you to create an account or anything you. To create an account or anything you just go on the application and you can just go on the application and you can. Just go on the application and you can basically get your fible token basically get your fible token. Basically get your fible token Stellar contract in in seconds I'm not a Stellar contract in in seconds I'm not a. Stellar contract in in seconds I'm not a developer disclaimer I'm not a developer. Developer disclaimer I'm not a developer developer disclaimer I'm not a developer. I Le marketing at open zpp by the way I Le marketing at open zpp by the way I Le marketing at open zpp by the way I. Didn't introduce myself but it's didn't introduce myself but it's didn't introduce myself but it's. Actually also for me very simple to use actually also for me very simple to use actually also for me very simple to use. Like for instance like you just set like for instance like you just set like for instance like you just set. The name of the token I'm going to call the name of the token I'm going to call the name of the token I'm going to call. It like Christan it like Christan it like Christan token give it a token give it a. Token give it a sybol and you can see like the sybol and you can see like the sybol and you can see like the. Automatically parameters are changing in automatically parameters are changing in. Automatically parameters are changing in the contract you can give a a premi the contract you can give a a premi. The contract you can give a a premi amount of token this is the amount amount of token this is the amount. Amount of token this is the amount initial amount of Supply that he gives initial amount of Supply that he gives. Initial amount of Supply that he gives to the token deployer address set to the token deployer address set. To the token deployer address set like 10,000 token and you can see like 10,000 token and you can see. Like 10,000 token and you can see it's appearing here on the wizard it's appearing here on the wizard. It's appearing here on the wizard already with the decimals that it needs already with the decimals that it needs. Already with the decimals that it needs to have and then you can set also like to have and then you can set also like. To have and then you can set also like some features the first one they do some features the first one they do. Some features the first one they do basically what you see on the screen so basically what you see on the screen so. Basically what you see on the screen so the first one is minable and it gives the first one is minable and it gives. The first one is minable and it gives basically right to the the the token basically right to the the the token. Basically right to the the the token deployer to create more Supply at a deployer to create more Supply at a. Deployer to create more Supply at a certain point and if I click on it certain point and if I click on it. Certain point and if I click on it you're going to see that it's atlet add you're going to see that it's atlet add. You're going to see that it's atlet add the code that he needs to the code that he needs to. The code that he needs to add another feature that is barnable add another feature that is barnable. Add another feature that is barnable and on this one the token deployer and on this one the token deployer. And on this one the token deployer address is able to bar destroy some address is able to bar destroy some. Address is able to bar destroy some token at at will and the last one token at at will and the last one. Token at at will and the last one which I think is very useful also which I think is very useful also. Which I think is very useful also outside of token is posable that gives outside of token is posable that gives. Outside of token is posable that gives the token deployer address the right to the token deployer address the right to. The token deployer address the right to exactly own the contract and it's exactly own the contract and it's. Exactly own the contract and it's gonna basically input all the parameters gonna basically input all the parameters. Gonna basically input all the parameters that you need you need to deploy the that you need you need to deploy the. That you need you need to deploy the contract in here and I think POS is very contract in here and I think POS is very. Contract in here and I think POS is very interesting it's a very interesting interesting it's a very interesting. Interesting it's a very interesting extension not just for token but in extension not just for token but in. Extension not just for token but in general for smart contracts that I general for smart contracts that I. General for smart contracts that I think one one of the main things like I think one one of the main things like I. Think one one of the main things like I I've been in the blockchain industry I've been in the blockchain industry. I've been in the blockchain industry for some time and like one of the for some time and like one of the. For some time and like one of the core things of blockchain is always that core things of blockchain is always that. Core things of blockchain is always that we always we always spe is like we always we always spe is like. We always we always spe is like immutability which is a great thing on immutability which is a great thing on. Immutability which is a great thing on one side but on the other side we know one side but on the other side we know. One side but on the other side we know that developing application is a custom that developing application is a custom. That developing application is a custom process and sometime you're going process and sometime you're going. Process and sometime you're going to need you know to have that function to need you know to have that function. To need you know to have that function that allow you know to oppose a contract that allow you know to oppose a contract. That allow you know to oppose a contract for security reason we work with many. For security reason we work with many for security reason we work with many. Ds like compound scroll and others and ds like compound scroll and others and ds like compound scroll and others and. is a is a very important extension in is a is a very important extension in. is a is a very important extension in case of security security events so case of security security events so. Case of security security events so that's an important one and finally yeah that's an important one and finally yeah. That's an important one and finally yeah you have the license by default open you have the license by default open. You have the license by default open Zepp license are under MIT it's just Zepp license are under MIT it's just. Zepp license are under MIT it's just a note but anyway like you can select a note but anyway like you can select. A note but anyway like you can select like your parameters and the the final like your parameters and the the final. Like your parameters and the the final thing you can just copy the contract and thing you can just copy the contract and. Thing you can just copy the contract and put it in your seller CLE or yeah you. Put it in your seller CLE or yeah you put it in your seller CLE or yeah you. Can also download it and do whatever you can also download it and do whatever you. Can also download it and do whatever you need it but that's a bit the overview. Need it but that's a bit the overview need it but that's a bit the overview. For for for for for for Wizard great yeah and when you talk all Wizard great yeah and when you talk all. Wizard great yeah and when you talk all these features you just see that it just these features you just see that it just. These features you just see that it just adds the the functions to to to the adds the the functions to to to the. Adds the the functions to to to the code it's really code it's really code it's really. Easy yeah exactly I mean it's great as I easy yeah exactly I mean it's great as I. Easy yeah exactly I mean it's great as I told you like I'm I'm not a developer told you like I'm I'm not a developer. Told you like I'm I'm not a developer but I'm able to create a contract but I'm able to create a contract . But I'm able to create a contract a contract myself so exactly that's a contract myself so exactly that's. A contract myself so exactly that's great you just toggle the button and great you just toggle the button and. Great you just toggle the button and exactly is going to change parameters exactly is going to change parameters. Exactly is going to change parameters it's going to import what he needs to it's going to import what he needs to. It's going to import what he needs to import and adding other function import and adding other function. Import and adding other function here at the end here at the end here at the end. So that's that's exactly the thing so that's that's exactly the thing so that's that's exactly the thing. And I think that James bakini also and I think that James bakini also . And I think that James bakini also did a video did a video for for the did a video did a video for for the. Did a video did a video for for the wizard that both open zein and build wizard that both open zein and build. Wizard that both open zein and build Stellar POS on X or Stellar POS on X or. Stellar POS on X or Twitter you can check more on that is Twitter you can check more on that is. Twitter you can check more on that is actually put bring the wizard into into actually put bring the wizard into into. Actually put bring the wizard into into action and he really is able to deploy a action and he really is able to deploy a. Action and he really is able to deploy a contract on Stellar blockchain in contract on Stellar blockchain in. Contract on Stellar blockchain in five minutes with the Wizard and I think five minutes with the Wizard and I think. Five minutes with the Wizard and I think that's a great thing right what I said that's a great thing right what I said. That's a great thing right what I said at the beginning the goal of partnership at the beginning the goal of partnership. At the beginning the goal of partnership is to make development on Stellar easy is to make development on Stellar easy. Is to make development on Stellar easy fast and safe and Wier is a great tool fast and safe and Wier is a great tool. Fast and safe and Wier is a great tool that now developers and Stellar can can that now developers and Stellar can can. That now developers and Stellar can can use great yeah I can see I see James use great yeah I can see I see James. Use great yeah I can see I see James link to to James video and I'll link to to James video and I'll. Link to to James video and I'll recommend everyone to go watch it it's recommend everyone to go watch it it's. Recommend everyone to go watch it it's it's it's it's really it's really a neat it's it's it's really it's really a neat. It's it's it's really it's really a neat neat video and project so you mentioned neat video and project so you mentioned. Neat video and project so you mentioned a little bit about Tooling in the a little bit about Tooling in the. A little bit about Tooling in the beginning what kind of tooling are beginning what kind of tooling are. Beginning what kind of tooling are you providing and what kind of what you providing and what kind of what. You providing and what kind of what what do I get if if if I sign up for for what do I get if if if I sign up for for. What do I get if if if I sign up for for for open for open for open sein yes yeah Ian the cool thing is you. Sein yes yeah Ian the cool thing is you sein yes yeah Ian the cool thing is you you let's say you don't need to sign up. You let's say you don't need to sign up you let's say you don't need to sign up in terms of open the app we have the. In terms of open the app we have the in terms of open the app we have the tag line somewhere open up in equal open. Tag line somewhere open up in equal open tag line somewhere open up in equal open. Source we are committing to more and source we are committing to more and source we are committing to more and. More to open source development and more to open source development and more to open source development and. We mainly do that through through two we mainly do that through through two we mainly do that through through two. Ways first one is contact libraries and ways first one is contact libraries and ways first one is contact libraries and. Again like every everything we release again like every everything we release again like every everything we release. Is you know on GitHub is public and we is you know on GitHub is public and we is you know on GitHub is public and we. Also encourage like we we encourage a also encourage like we we encourage a also encourage like we we encourage a. Lot of community feedback to improve lot of community feedback to improve lot of community feedback to improve . Our contract and that's one side right our contract and that's one side right our contract and that's one side right. You can take just open uping contract you can take just open uping contract you can take just open uping contract. Import in in the protocol that you Import in in the protocol that you Import in in the protocol that you. Need and you can build on top of that need and you can build on top of that need and you can build on top of that. And it's it's already great in terms and it's it's already great in terms and it's it's already great in terms. Of tooling we are building on top of of tooling we are building on top of of tooling we are building on top of. Defender that's an application that Defender that's an application that Defender that's an application that. We built with a lot of development we built with a lot of development we built with a lot of development. Operation tooling I mentioned before a operation tooling I mentioned before a operation tooling I mentioned before a. Couple that are Rel layers and monitors couple that are Rel layers and monitors couple that are Rel layers and monitors. But we will actually bring many more but we will actually bring many more but we will actually bring many more. so yeah I can give the round down so yeah I can give the round down so yeah I can give the round down. That is the first one is called Cod that is the first one is called Cod that is the first one is called Cod. Spector U that is basically used Spector U that is basically used Spector U that is basically used . To quickly analyze a a code base that to quickly analyze a a code base that. To quickly analyze a a code base that you can input into the tool to to you can input into the tool to to. You can input into the tool to to basically give you back some known basically give you back some known. Basically give you back some known issues it's like a a mini audit issues it's like a a mini audit. Issues it's like a a mini audit you're not getting the audit but you're you're not getting the audit but you're. You're not getting the audit but you're getting you know the round down of the getting you know the round down of the. Getting you know the round down of the main unknown issues that your Cod main unknown issues that your Cod. Main unknown issues that your Cod might have so that's already a a great might have so that's already a a great. Might have so that's already a a great addition to check for you know non addition to check for you know non. Addition to check for you know non non issue another one ex I mentioned non issue another one ex I mentioned. Non issue another one ex I mentioned Rel layers is very important like to Rel layers is very important like to . Rel layers is very important like to the automation process of transaction the automation process of transaction. The automation process of transaction and to working together with monitors and to working together with monitors. And to working together with monitors that you can set up really on any any that you can set up really on any any. That you can set up really on any any parameters or condition that you want is parameters or condition that you want is. Parameters or condition that you want is is great so you basically can create is great so you basically can create. is great so you basically can create workflows right for your protocol workflows right for your protocol . Workflows right for your protocol that are very interesting so to give that are very interesting so to give. That are very interesting so to give more like practical examples like you more like practical examples like you. More like practical examples like you might want for instance you you might want for instance you you. Might want for instance you you let's say you know defi application let's say you know defi application. Let's say you know defi application can check on specific transaction that can check on specific transaction that. Can check on specific transaction that on a liquidity pool for instance if you on a liquidity pool for instance if you. On a liquidity pool for instance if you see some suspicious transaction you see some suspicious transaction you. See some suspicious transaction you might be able to like post the market or might be able to like post the market or. Might be able to like post the market or you know CH change some parameters that you know CH change some parameters that. You know CH change some parameters that you want to change or something like you want to change or something like. You want to change or something like that or for instance another application that or for instance another application. That or for instance another application that maybe when maybe when that maybe when maybe when . That maybe when maybe when users like sign up into the application users like sign up into the application. Users like sign up into the application you want to send some you know a you want to send some you know a. You want to send some you know a little bit of token to let them you let little bit of token to let them you let. Little bit of token to let them you let users play into your app because it users play into your app because it. Users play into your app because it requires some token you can do that requires some token you can do that. Requires some token you can do that through Rel layers and monitor so that's through Rel layers and monitor so that's. Through Rel layers and monitor so that's very powerful for building developer very powerful for building developer. Very powerful for building developer automations we're also going to build automations we're also going to build. Automations we're also going to build some other tools like deploy that is some other tools like deploy that is. Some other tools like deploy that is like basically a a tool that will like basically a a tool that will. Like basically a a tool that will help a lot with like actually deploying help a lot with like actually deploying. Help a lot with like actually deploying deploying smart contracts and making deploying smart contracts and making. Deploying smart contracts and making that actually safe safe and easy that actually safe safe and easy. That actually safe safe and easy especially when you know sometimes when especially when you know sometimes when. Especially when you know sometimes when deploying like new protocol version deploying like new protocol version. Deploying like new protocol version actually new protocol from scratch you actually new protocol from scratch you. Actually new protocol from scratch you have a lot of contracts to deploy all at have a lot of contracts to deploy all at. Have a lot of contracts to deploy all at the same time and these tools come the same time and these tools come. The same time and these tools come handy and we're also gonna build handy and we're also gonna build. Handy and we're also gonna build basically a tool that is I think for for basically a tool that is I think for for. Basically a tool that is I think for for the first time we're building this to the first time we're building this to. The first time we're building this to exactly for cell that is the test exactly for cell that is the test. Exactly for cell that is the test Tool we still have to Define with Tool we still have to Define with. Tool we still have to Define with together with the community what that together with the community what that. Together with the community what that actually will look like but the goal is actually will look like but the goal is. Actually will look like but the goal is to bring a lot of more testing to bring a lot of more testing. To bring a lot of more testing feature for sound contracts and make feature for sound contracts and make. Feature for sound contracts and make sure you know you can developers can sure you know you can developers can. Sure you know you can developers can easily test test early smart contct easily test test early smart contct. Easily test test early smart contct before actually putting into into before actually putting into into. Before actually putting into into production that's a bit of the overview production that's a bit of the overview. Production that's a bit of the overview but as I told before like this is but as I told before like this is. But as I told before like this is just the starting point two years is a just the starting point two years is a. Just the starting point two years is a long time in blockchain to build a lot long time in blockchain to build a lot. Long time in blockchain to build a lot and we really welcome developer and we really welcome developer. And we really welcome developer developer seller Community feedback to developer seller Community feedback to. Developer seller Community feedback to let us know what they think what let us know what they think what. let us know what they think what they need and we'll definitely work with they need and we'll definitely work with. They need and we'll definitely work with them to to make the best developer them to to make the best developer. Them to to make the best developer experience possible on experience possible on experience possible on. Stellar great thank you I don't know if Stellar great thank you I don't know if Stellar great thank you I don't know if. You have anything else otherwise we you have anything else otherwise we you have anything else otherwise we. Could maybe see if there's a couple of could maybe see if there's a couple of could maybe see if there's a couple of. Questions yeah no that's it let's see questions yeah no that's it let's see. Questions yeah no that's it let's see if we have some questions but yeah if we have some questions but yeah. If we have some questions but yeah that's it let's go through I can see there's a lot of. Through I can see there's a lot of excitement about open integration in excitement about open integration in. Excitement about open integration in the comments I see I see see one question. Comments I see I see see one question it's about if the partnership it's about if the partnership. it's about if the partnership includes Upstream things to Sor B includes Upstream things to Sor B. Includes Upstream things to Sor B itself I do not know itself I do not know itself I do not know. That unfortunately I don't have to that unfortunately I don't have to that unfortunately I don't have to. Answer I don't know I don't know answer I don't know I don't know answer I don't know I don't know. Either I would need to check with the either I would need to check with the. Either I would need to check with the team team team but yeah I'm sorry I don't have. but yeah I'm sorry I don't have but yeah I'm sorry I don't have the answer for that yeah no it's it's. The answer for that yeah no it's it's the answer for that yeah no it's it's it's early on it's it's like you said. It's early on it's it's like you said it's early on it's it's like you said it's a two-year project so we we just we. It's a two-year project so we we just we it's a two-year project so we we just we. Just scr ing the surface right now and just scr ing the surface right now and just scr ing the surface right now and. and yeah I'm I'm super excited about and yeah I'm I'm super excited about and yeah I'm I'm super excited about. This about what what can come out of this about what what can come out of this about what what can come out of. This this partnership and and and what this this partnership and and and what this this partnership and and and what. It means for for developers I think it it means for for developers I think it it means for for developers I think it. Definitely offers some some some ways definitely offers some some some ways definitely offers some some some ways. For developers who may not have for developers who may not have for developers who may not have. Extensive experience in in working with extensive experience in in working with extensive experience in in working with. With tokens or or payments it's an easy with tokens or or payments it's an easy with tokens or or payments it's an easy. Way to integrate it so yeah thank you way to integrate it so yeah thank you. Way to integrate it so yeah thank you if if we if if we if if we. Don't I see I see some question about don't I see I see some question about don't I see I see some question about. Nft that's exactly non fungible token nft that's exactly non fungible token nft that's exactly non fungible token. Are next on the list are next on the list are next on the list to to be your list to B very soon. To to be your list to B very soon to to be your list to B very soon very loose very soon and of course like. Very loose very soon and of course like very loose very soon and of course like actually something that I probably. Actually something that I probably actually something that I probably didn't stress is stress enough before. Didn't stress is stress enough before didn't stress is stress enough before actually you know putting every release. Actually you know putting every release actually you know putting every release into production phase we have a too. Into production phase we have a too into production phase we have a too internal audit opens up is again one of. Internal audit opens up is again one of internal audit opens up is again one of the top auditing firm we have audited. The top auditing firm we have audited the top auditing firm we have audited. Really so many of the really so many of the really so many of the leading blockchain protocols like. Leading blockchain protocols like leading blockchain protocols like unop before 1 inch compound Mor for. Unop before 1 inch compound Mor for unop before 1 inch compound Mor for very any of the top protocol you can. Very any of the top protocol you can very any of the top protocol you can think of in in blockchain opens up. Think of in in blockchain opens up think of in in blockchain opens up. I've audited many of those guys so I've audited many of those guys so I've audited many of those guys so. That comes you know with a lot of of that comes you know with a lot of of that comes you know with a lot of of. Security yeah nft is next on the list security yeah nft is next on the list security yeah nft is next on the list. Upgradeable contact are upgradeable contact are upgradeable contact are also coming. Also coming also coming soon okay great see I don't know if you have anything . See I don't know if you have anything about there's a question from Matias about there's a question from Matias. About there's a question from Matias about the USC 6900 I don't know if you about the USC 6900 I don't know if you. About the USC 6900 I don't know if you have any any thoughts about have any any thoughts about. Have any any thoughts about that I don't to be honest I think that I don't to be honest I think. That I don't to be honest I think I mean what we can do is also what we I mean what we can do is also what we. I mean what we can do is also what we shared before we can have another shared before we can have another. Shared before we can have another developer me developer me developer me and we can have like actually the. And we can have like actually the and we can have like actually the developers from open Zepp that are. Developers from open Zepp that are developers from open Zepp that are building the library at the tools that. Building the library at the tools that building the library at the tools that can give more insights. Can give more insights can give more insights into into the tech that we're going to. Into into the tech that we're going to into into the tech that we're going to build yeah I think we should do we. Build yeah I think we should do we build yeah I think we should do we should do we should do some followup. Should do we should do some followup should do we should do some followup follow-up meetings because as as . follow-up meetings because as as follow-up meetings because as as as everything develops I think it could. As everything develops I think it could as everything develops I think it could be interesting to get get some of of. Be interesting to get get some of of be interesting to get get some of of your engineers on board and maybe do. Your engineers on board and maybe do your engineers on board and maybe do some do some examples of how to how to. Some do some examples of how to how to some do some examples of how to how to use the the open S integration so so. Use the the open S integration so so use the the open S integration so so yeah I'm I'm looking forward to see. Yeah I'm I'm looking forward to see yeah I'm I'm looking forward to see what's coming up and I'm happy to to. What's coming up and I'm happy to to what's coming up and I'm happy to to to do another session later so yeah. To do another session later so yeah to do another session later so yeah exactly exactly I see last question. Exactly exactly I see last question exactly exactly I see last question about like U from t like if the the. About like U from t like if the the about like U from t like if the the parcl like audit for seller funded. Parcl like audit for seller funded parcl like audit for seller funded project we are also bringing like. Project we are also bringing like project we are also bringing like audit to Stellar but I you can. Audit to Stellar but I you can audit to Stellar but I you can check with like the Stellar Foundation. Check with like the Stellar Foundation check with like the Stellar Foundation that it's up to the Stellar. that it's up to the Stellar that it's up to the Stellar Foundation if you know do such a program. Foundation if you know do such a program Foundation if you know do such a program. But we're also bringing like auditing but we're also bringing like auditing but we're also bringing like auditing. Services to to Stellar if that's the question okay and then there's one question okay and then there's one . About point of view on classic SL soron about point of view on classic SL soron about point of view on classic SL soron.    bridging I see I see I don't have an bridging I see I see I don't have an. Bridging I see I see I don't have an opinion to be honest on yeah it seems it opinion to be honest on yeah it seems it. Opinion to be honest on yeah it seems it seems to be maybe a little bit out seems to be maybe a little bit out. Seems to be maybe a little bit out outside the scope of what's yeah yeah outside the scope of what's yeah yeah. Outside the scope of what's yeah yeah yeah plan for a little bit but yeah it's yeah plan for a little bit but yeah it's. Yeah plan for a little bit but yeah it's nice to to be honest many interesting nice to to be honest many interesting. Nice to to be honest many interesting questions and I can tell from the questions and I can tell from the. Questions and I can tell from the marketing side I've been seeing a lot marketing side I've been seeing a lot. Marketing side I've been seeing a lot of excitement from the Stellar community. Of excitement from the Stellar community of excitement from the Stellar community. And that's like great we work again and that's like great we work again and that's like great we work again. With many other successful chains and with many other successful chains and. With many other successful chains and and protocols and the Stellar and protocols and the Stellar. And protocols and the Stellar committee is one that is really committee is one that is really. Committee is one that is really something that you notice you know something that you notice you know. something that you notice you know when you do stuff so that's amazing when you do stuff so that's amazing. when you do stuff so that's amazing I'm really excited again for the I'm really excited again for the. I'm really excited again for the partnership and having another session partnership and having another session. Partnership and having another session of this involving our developers of this involving our developers . Of this involving our developers answering more technical question I'm answering more technical question I'm. Answering more technical question I'm sorry sorry sorry but I can't go any deeper than that. But I can't go any deeper than that but I can't go any deeper than that no no and that was not that was not the. No no and that was not that was not the no no and that was not that was not the plan for for this this is more like an. Plan for for this this is more like an plan for for this this is more like an introduction to the the partnership that. Introduction to the the partnership that introduction to the the partnership that. We have and a little bit of an look we have and a little bit of an look we have and a little bit of an look. Into what's what's coming up and and into what's what's coming up and and into what's what's coming up and and. What's already there so so so yeah we what's already there so so so yeah we. What's already there so so so yeah we will do a more technical session at a at. Will do a more technical session at a at will do a more technical session at a at. A later time but thank you so much a later time but thank you so much a later time but thank you so much. Question for for joining here today I question for for joining here today I question for for joining here today I I. Think this is super interesting this is think this is super interesting this is think this is super interesting this is. A good it's it's a good addition to our a good it's it's a good addition to our a good it's it's a good addition to our. Tool belt for the developers so so tool belt for the developers so so tool belt for the developers so so. Yeah thank you for joining and thank you yeah thank you for joining and thank you. Yeah thank you for joining and thank you everyone else for for joining today and everyone else for for joining today and. Everyone else for for joining today and for all the questions so see you next for all the questions so see you next. For all the questions so see you next week thank you thank you very much Caron week thank you thank you very much Caron. Week thank you thank you very much Caron and thank you to everyone all these and thank you to everyone all these. And thank you to everyone all these amazing question and the people you see amazing question and the people you see. Amazing question and the people you see you next you next you next time right.
