Welcome to this week's Stellar well welcome to this week's Stellar well actually store Bond design discussion. Actually store Bond design discussion actually store Bond design discussion this is where we have public discussions. This is where we have public discussions this is where we have public discussions. About key decisions about key decisions about key decisions about the evolution and development. about the evolution and development about the evolution and development of sorbonne as anyone who is here. Of sorbonne as anyone who is here of sorbonne as anyone who is here probably knows Soroban is a new smart. Probably knows Soroban is a new smart probably knows Soroban is a new smart contracts platform that is designed to. Contracts platform that is designed to contracts platform that is designed to work well with Stellar. Work well with Stellar work well with Stellar we are deep into its Evolution it's. we are deep into its Evolution it's we are deep into its Evolution it's been on on futurenet since October there. Been on on futurenet since October there been on on futurenet since October there. Have been I believe seven preview have been I believe seven preview have been I believe seven preview. Releases of Soroban and we are releases of Soroban and we are releases of Soroban and we are. Continuing to iterate a focus to hone in continuing to iterate a focus to hone in. Continuing to iterate a focus to hone in on important changes and decisions that on important changes and decisions that. On important changes and decisions that need to be made and to implement them as need to be made and to implement them as. Need to be made and to implement them as we move towards the completion of we move towards the completion of. We move towards the completion of production ready code but today we will production ready code but today we will. Production ready code but today we will be continuing to talk about some of the be continuing to talk about some of the. Be continuing to talk about some of the key decisions that still need to be made key decisions that still need to be made. Key decisions that still need to be made and I feel like I have now stalled long and I feel like I have now stalled long. And I feel like I have now stalled long enough to let people join so welcome enough to let people join so welcome. Enough to let people join so welcome we sort of have a little bit of a we sort of have a little bit of a. we sort of have a little bit of a loose agenda today but I believe that loose agenda today but I believe that. Loose agenda today but I believe that there was something that we wanted to there was something that we wanted to. There was something that we wanted to talk about talk about talk about and I believe that Garand. And I believe that Garand and I believe that Garand no is is gonna start by by introducing. No is is gonna start by by introducing no is is gonna start by by introducing the topic is that true Garen yeah yeah. The topic is that true Garen yeah yeah the topic is that true Garen yeah yeah can everyone hear me all right. Can everyone hear me all right can everyone hear me all right yes yeah yes yeah yes yeah. Cool so I guess you know for the last cool so I guess you know for the last. Cool so I guess you know for the last couple of weeks we've been talking about. Couple of weeks we've been talking about couple of weeks we've been talking about. The high level archive interface and the high level archive interface and the high level archive interface and. This is kind of the interface where with this is kind of the interface where with. This is kind of the interface where with Soroban data types we charge a fee for Soroban data types we charge a fee for. Sorobon data types we charge a fee for staying live on The Ledger and then if staying live on The Ledger and then if. Staying live on The Ledger and then if that entry does not pay the fee then that entry does not pay the fee then. that entry does not pay the fee then they are sent to this archive where you they are sent to this archive where you. They are sent to this archive where you can then restore the entry for some can then restore the entry for some. Can then restore the entry for some fee and so we've talked about the high fee and so we've talked about the high. Fee and so we've talked about the high level and so today I'd like to talk a level and so today I'd like to talk a. Level and so today I'd like to talk a little bit about our implementation little bit about our implementation. Little bit about our implementation timeline for this project and then go timeline for this project and then go . Timeline for this project and then go kind of a deep dive into some of the kind of a deep dive into some of the. Kind of a deep dive into some of the details in the you know first step in details in the you know first step in. Details in the you know first step in the implementation timeline the implementation timeline. The implementation timeline and so first off I think in the last and so first off I think in the last. And so first off I think in the last couple weeks we've been calling this the couple weeks we've been calling this the. Couple weeks we've been calling this the archival system and we are officially archival system and we are officially. Archival system and we are officially pivoting naming wise to State expiration pivoting naming wise to State expiration. Pivoting naming wise to State expiration just to remove any confusion with like just to remove any confusion with like. Just to remove any confusion with like history archives or anything like that history archives or anything like that. History archives or anything like that and so I'll be calling it expiration and so I'll be calling it expiration. And so I'll be calling it expiration today but it's still the same system today but it's still the same system. Today but it's still the same system we've been talking about we've been talking about. We've been talking about so first I'd like to talk about the so first I'd like to talk about the. So first I'd like to talk about the timeline so there's a lot of moving timeline so there's a lot of moving. Timeline so there's a lot of moving Parts here and there's a lot of Parts here and there's a lot of. Parts here and there's a lot of complexity especially with the structure complexity especially with the structure. Complexity especially with the structure of the storage itself using potentially of the storage itself using potentially. Of the storage itself using potentially like a vertical tree or some new data like a vertical tree or some new data. Like a vertical tree or some new data types that aren't fleshed out super well types that aren't fleshed out super well. Types that aren't fleshed out super well yet and so we are staging this in two yet and so we are staging this in two. Yet and so we are staging this in two parts we have a part of the project that parts we have a part of the project that. Parts we have a part of the project that needs to be done when we launch Soroban needs to be done when we launch Soroban. Needs to be done when we launch Soroban pubnet and then a second part that we pubnet and then a second part that we. Pubnet and then a second part that we can kind of finish later on after launch can kind of finish later on after launch. Can kind of finish later on after launch and so at launch there are two big and so at launch there are two big. And so at launch there are two big components that we want to have components that we want to have. Components that we want to have ready and done now the first is we want ready and done now the first is we want. Ready and done now the first is we want to implement the rent system and to implement the rent system and. To implement the rent system and temporary storage completely which means temporary storage completely which means. Temporary storage completely which means that from day one sarban entries will that from day one sarban entries will. That from day one sarban entries will need to pay rent and also will have rent need to pay rent and also will have rent. Need to pay rent and also will have rent charged from them and then secondly we charged from them and then secondly we. Charged from them and then secondly we want to have the unique storage and want to have the unique storage and. Want to have the unique storage and recreable storage interface finalized recreable storage interface finalized. Recreable storage interface finalized and exposed in the Soroban SDK and exposed in the Soroban SDK. And exposed in the Soroban SDK but we won't actually turn on on state but we won't actually turn on on state. But we won't actually turn on on state expiration yet so what this means is on expiration yet so what this means is on. Expiration yet so what this means is on day one you can expect to have all the day one you can expect to have all the. Day one you can expect to have all the tools you will need to deal with State tools you will need to deal with State. Tools you will need to deal with State expiration even though entries will not expiration even though entries will not. Expiration even though entries will not yet expire and be sent to the Deep yet expire and be sent to the Deep. Yet expire and be sent to the Deep storage and they won't actually need to storage and they won't actually need to. Storage and they won't actually need to be restored kind of our thinking with be restored kind of our thinking with. Be restored kind of our thinking with this is that actually implementing the this is that actually implementing the. This is that actually implementing the storage backend is a very significant storage backend is a very significant. Storage backend is a very significant problem that will take some time but as problem that will take some time but as. Problem that will take some time but as long as the interface is set and long as the interface is set and. Long as the interface is set and finalized at launch even though we finalized at launch even though we. Finalized at launch even though we haven't turned on state expiration yet haven't turned on state expiration yet. Haven't turned on state expiration yet any smart contracts are deployed on day any smart contracts are deployed on day. Any smart contracts are deployed on day one we'll have the proper interface and one we'll have the proper interface and. One we'll have the proper interface and the proper tools to deal with State the proper tools to deal with State. The proper tools to deal with State expiration when we do eventually turn it expiration when we do eventually turn it. Expiration when we do eventually turn it on later on later on later and so kind of with that in mind I'd. And so kind of with that in mind I'd and so kind of with that in mind I'd like to talk about today some of the. Like to talk about today some of the like to talk about today some of the details between the rent implementation. Details between the rent implementation details between the rent implementation and the temporary storage implementation. And the temporary storage implementation and the temporary storage implementation. That's kind of the first step that's kind of the first step that's kind of the first step. Implementation wise and getting State implementation wise and getting State implementation wise and getting State. Expiration into sorobot expiration into sorobot expiration into sorobot and so first I'd like to talk a little. And so first I'd like to talk a little and so first I'd like to talk a little bit about rent and some of the opening. Bit about rent and some of the opening bit about rent and some of the opening questions we've had there in some of our. Questions we've had there in some of our questions we've had there in some of our. Findings findings findings so we've discussed rent briefly so we've discussed rent briefly. So we've discussed rent briefly before where essentially every sorbonne before where essentially every sorbonne. Before where essentially every sorbonne data entry will have a rent balance data entry will have a rent balance. Data entry will have a rent balance field attached to it and this rent field attached to it and this rent. Field attached to it and this rent balance field contains some xlm that is balance field contains some xlm that is. Balance field contains some xlm that is tied to that specific data entry tied to that specific data entry. Tied to that specific data entry and then periodically over time the rent and then periodically over time the rent. And then periodically over time the rent fee is deducted from this rent balance fee is deducted from this rent balance. Fee is deducted from this rent balance where the rent fee is the fee for being where the rent fee is the fee for being. Where the rent fee is the fee for being on the network being live on the bucket on the network being live on the bucket. On the network being live on the bucket list for a given Ledger list for a given Ledger. List for a given Ledger so the rent fee is variable based on the so the rent fee is variable based on the. So the rent fee is variable based on the size of the bucket list kind of in a size of the bucket list kind of in a. Size of the bucket list kind of in a similar way as to the bucket list write similar way as to the bucket list write. Similar way as to the bucket list write fee in the fee cap the thinking here fee in the fee cap the thinking here. Fee in the fee cap the thinking here being that we want the rent fee to being that we want the rent fee to. Being that we want the rent fee to increase as the size of the bucket list increase as the size of the bucket list. Increase as the size of the bucket list increases the reasoning for this is that increases the reasoning for this is that. Increases the reasoning for this is that as The Bucket List gets larger the fee as The Bucket List gets larger the fee. As The Bucket List gets larger the fee for adding the bucket list also for adding the bucket list also. For adding the bucket list also increases and so we don't want this fee increases and so we don't want this fee. Increases and so we don't want this fee to grow exponentially or grow to grow exponentially or grow. To grow exponentially or grow unboundedly so by also having the unboundedly so by also having the. Unboundedly so by also having the archive or the rent fee increase at the archive or the rent fee increase at the. Archive or the rent fee increase at the same rate what you can have is this same rate what you can have is this. Same rate what you can have is this equilibrium where as it gets more equilibrium where as it gets more. Equilibrium where as it gets more expensive to add to the bucket list and expensive to add to the bucket list and. Expensive to add to the bucket list and as The Bucket List gets bigger the fee as The Bucket List gets bigger the fee. As The Bucket List gets bigger the fee increases so it's more likely that more increases so it's more likely that more. Increases so it's more likely that more entries will be removed and deleted from entries will be removed and deleted from. Entries will be removed and deleted from The Bucket List as they run out of rent The Bucket List as they run out of rent. The Bucket List as they run out of rent and as they expire and so we kind of and as they expire and so we kind of. And as they expire and so we kind of have this equilibrium system set up with have this equilibrium system set up with. Have this equilibrium system set up with this variable fee rate this variable fee rate. This variable fee rate now in addition to the variable fee rate now in addition to the variable fee rate. Now in addition to the variable fee rate I think one of the questions that we I think one of the questions that we. I think one of the questions that we haven't really addressed yet is how we haven't really addressed yet is how we. Haven't really addressed yet is how we actually pay for the rent on these actually pay for the rent on these. Actually pay for the rent on these entries and so initially we wanted this entries and so initially we wanted this. Entries and so initially we wanted this process to be as seamless as possible process to be as seamless as possible. Process to be as seamless as possible and so we wanted a way to automatically and so we wanted a way to automatically. And so we wanted a way to automatically bump rent whenever you access items bump rent whenever you access items. Bump rent whenever you access items other thinking being that the developers other thinking being that the developers. Other thinking being that the developers shouldn't have to worry about shouldn't have to worry about . Shouldn't have to worry about manually paying rent for entries that manually paying rent for entries that. Manually paying rent for entries that are used very often and if an entry is are used very often and if an entry is. Are used very often and if an entry is often used it should just automatically often used it should just automatically. Often used it should just automatically have a small rent bump so it's always have a small rent bump so it's always. Have a small rent bump so it's always live and it never gets sent to the live and it never gets sent to the. Live and it never gets sent to the archive archive archive however the issue with that is there. However the issue with that is there however the issue with that is there didn't seem to be a good default. Didn't seem to be a good default didn't seem to be a good default behavior for paying rent primarily. Behavior for paying rent primarily behavior for paying rent primarily because different types of contracts. Because different types of contracts because different types of contracts might have to pay rent differently and. Might have to pay rent differently and might have to pay rent differently and so I think the big question here is. So I think the big question here is so I think the big question here is who is responsible for paying rent is it. Who is responsible for paying rent is it who is responsible for paying rent is it. The user who's invoking the contract the user who's invoking the contract the user who's invoking the contract. That's responsible or is it the contract that's responsible or is it the contract. That's responsible or is it the contract maintainer itself who's responsible for maintainer itself who's responsible for. Maintainer itself who's responsible for paying rent paying rent paying rent and kind of in our case studies we. And kind of in our case studies we and kind of in our case studies we determined that there are two separate. Determined that there are two separate determined that there are two separate use cases that kind of illustrate this. Use cases that kind of illustrate this use cases that kind of illustrate this example well so one example is you have. Example well so one example is you have example well so one example is you have a token contract such as usdc where you. A token contract such as usdc where you a token contract such as usdc where you have users that have an individual token. Have users that have an individual token have users that have an individual token. Balance that they kind of own so even balance that they kind of own so even balance that they kind of own so even. Though a circle or some third party though a circle or some third party though a circle or some third party. Would be maintained this contract the would be maintained this contract the would be maintained this contract the. Token balances are tied to users and so token balances are tied to users and so token balances are tied to users and so. It seems to make the most sense that the it seems to make the most sense that the. It seems to make the most sense that the user would have to pay to maintain that user would have to pay to maintain that. User would have to pay to maintain that token balance and so in the token token balance and so in the token. Token balance and so in the token contract example you would want the contract example you would want the. Contract example you would want the invoker of the contract to have to pay invoker of the contract to have to pay. Invoker of the contract to have to pay rent fees rent fees rent fees however in the other example you have. However in the other example you have however in the other example you have. Something like an amm and say that we something like an amm and say that we something like an amm and say that we. Have an amm that has a liquid equal or have an amm that has a liquid equal or have an amm that has a liquid equal or. An asset pair now if you want to access an asset pair now if you want to access an asset pair now if you want to access. This asset pair this is kind of a public this asset pair this is kind of a public. This asset pair this is kind of a public shared resource of the amm itself and so. Shared resource of the amm itself and so shared resource of the amm itself and so. It doesn't make sense for the individual it doesn't make sense for the individual. It doesn't make sense for the individual user who's accessing the access pair to user who's accessing the access pair to. User who's accessing the access pair to have to pay for the rent even if that have to pay for the rent even if that. Have to pay for the rent even if that entry would be used by many different entry would be used by many different. Entry would be used by many different users of the amm and so we kind of have users of the amm and so we kind of have. Users of the amm and so we kind of have these two separate cases where in the these two separate cases where in the. These two separate cases where in the token contract you have this kind of token contract you have this kind of. Token contract you have this kind of individual owned entry by one user where individual owned entry by one user where. Individual owned entry by one user where in the amm case you have like the shared. In the amm case you have like the shared in the amm case you have like the shared. Resource and we wanted to see how we resource and we wanted to see how we resource and we wanted to see how we. Could fit the rent payment into that could fit the rent payment into that could fit the rent payment into that. Paradigm paradigm paradigm and so there didn't seem to be a clear and so there didn't seem to be a clear. And so there didn't seem to be a clear way to default bump rent because there's way to default bump rent because there's. Way to default bump rent because there's no good default Behavior as to who pays no good default Behavior as to who pays. No good default Behavior as to who pays because it's very dependent on the because it's very dependent on the. Because it's very dependent on the contract and the data type that you're contract and the data type that you're. Contract and the data type that you're dealing with and so instead of offering dealing with and so instead of offering. Dealing with and so instead of offering some mechanism to bump the rent by some mechanism to bump the rent by. Some mechanism to bump the rent by default what we were doing instead is default what we were doing instead is. Default what we were doing instead is exposing two Primitives that a smart exposing two Primitives that a smart. Exposing two Primitives that a smart contract developers can use to define contract developers can use to define. Contract developers can use to define how retinas paid for their entries how retinas paid for their entries. How retinas paid for their entries and so what these two Primitives are are and so what these two Primitives are are. And so what these two Primitives are are we're calling them rent bump and then we're calling them rent bump and then. We're calling them rent bump and then rent bump from and these are modeled rent bump from and these are modeled. Rent bump from and these are modeled after the token transfer contract and so after the token transfer contract and so. After the token transfer contract and so kind of in the in the native asset . Kind of in the in the native asset kind of in the in the native asset . Contract you have two functions which contract you have two functions which. Contract you have two functions which is a transfer and transfer from which is. Is a transfer and transfer from which is is a transfer and transfer from which is. How you are able to transfer tokens and how you are able to transfer tokens and how you are able to transfer tokens and. So essentially the rent bump and the so essentially the rent bump and the so essentially the rent bump and the. Rent bump from functions work in a rent bump from functions work in a rent bump from functions work in a. Similar way insofar as you can Define similar way insofar as you can Define similar way insofar as you can Define. Who the from address is from so who who the from address is from so who who the from address is from so who. Is paying for the rent and then also is paying for the rent and then also is paying for the rent and then also. With rent bump from you can also pay with rent bump from you can also pay with rent bump from you can also pay. Out of an allowance so this allows smart out of an allowance so this allows smart. Out of an allowance so this allows smart contracts to do is to find who can pay contracts to do is to find who can pay. Contracts to do is to find who can pay so for instance in the amm example it so for instance in the amm example it. So for instance in the amm example it might make sense that for every might make sense that for every. Might make sense that for every transaction in the amm a small fee is transaction in the amm a small fee is. Transaction in the amm a small fee is collected and put into a central shared collected and put into a central shared. Collected and put into a central shared pool and then from this Central shared pool and then from this Central shared. Pool and then from this Central shared pool the amm pays out rent to the shared pool the amm pays out rent to the shared. Pool the amm pays out rent to the shared entries in this way the cost of keeping entries in this way the cost of keeping. Entries in this way the cost of keeping those entries alive is spread out and those entries alive is spread out and. Those entries alive is spread out and amortized among the entire user base and amortized among the entire user base and. Amortized among the entire user base and so you don't have one particular user so you don't have one particular user. So you don't have one particular user that gets unlucky and has to pay to bump that gets unlucky and has to pay to bump. That gets unlucky and has to pay to bump a rent entry if they just so happen to a rent entry if they just so happen to. A rent entry if they just so happen to access it when it's low on rent but access it when it's low on rent but. Access it when it's low on rent but instead you have this centralized pool instead you have this centralized pool. Instead you have this centralized pool that the contract can pay from that the contract can pay from. That the contract can pay from and then in the token example instead of and then in the token example instead of. And then in the token example instead of having a centralized pool the user having a centralized pool the user. Having a centralized pool the user itself would have to bump rent but we itself would have to bump rent but we. Itself would have to bump rent but we want to give flexibility and so it might want to give flexibility and so it might. Want to give flexibility and so it might make sense for certain implementations make sense for certain implementations. Make sense for certain implementations to still want to have a user pay for to still want to have a user pay for. To still want to have a user pay for rent but instead of for instance for rent but instead of for instance for. Rent but instead of for instance for usability purposes the contract would usability purposes the contract would. Usability purposes the contract would want to pay on the user's behalf and so want to pay on the user's behalf and so. Want to pay on the user's behalf and so using this interface because it's using this interface because it's. Using this interface because it's similar to the Token interface similar to the Token interface. Similar to the Token interface allowances can also be used for paying allowances can also be used for paying. Allowances can also be used for paying rent so for instance say that a circle rent so for instance say that a circle. Rent so for instance say that a circle for whatever reason wanted to maintain for whatever reason wanted to maintain. For whatever reason wanted to maintain user accounts on the user's behalf but user accounts on the user's behalf but. User accounts on the user's behalf but didn't want to pay for it what they didn't want to pay for it what they. Didn't want to pay for it what they could do is that they could the users could do is that they could the users. Could do is that they could the users could give the contract an allowance and could give the contract an allowance and. Could give the contract an allowance and then from that allowance they could call. Then from that allowance they could call then from that allowance they could call. It rent bump from and then bump the rent it rent bump from and then bump the rent. It rent bump from and then bump the rent on the user's entries on the user's on the user's entries on the user's. On the user's entries on the user's behalf even without the user themselves behalf even without the user themselves. Behalf even without the user themselves signing or invoking that operation signing or invoking that operation. Signing or invoking that operation and so with these two Primitives we and so with these two Primitives we. And so with these two Primitives we think that we have a pretty good think that we have a pretty good. Think that we have a pretty good coverage as to the use cases as to who coverage as to the use cases as to who. Coverage as to the use cases as to who pays and how you pay and kind of pays and how you pay and kind of. Pays and how you pay and kind of allowing for these individually owned allowing for these individually owned. Allowing for these individually owned entry types and also these shared entry types and also these shared. Entry types and also these shared resources resources resources and so I guess on the rent and rent. And so I guess on the rent and rent and so I guess on the rent and rent payment front are there any questions or. Payment front are there any questions or payment front are there any questions or. Anything that we want to talk about anything that we want to talk about anything that we want to talk about. There there there Karen it looks like there is a question Karen it looks like there is a question. Karen it looks like there is a question from moots in the chat which is does from moots in the chat which is does. From moots in the chat which is does this mean contracts are responsible for this mean contracts are responsible for. This mean contracts are responsible for exposing and defining logic to pay slash exposing and defining logic to pay slash. Exposing and defining logic to pay slash bump rent for contract data entries bump rent for contract data entries. Bump rent for contract data entries yeah so the answer to that is yes and yeah so the answer to that is yes and. Yeah so the answer to that is yes and so looking at I think we were trying to so looking at I think we were trying to. So looking at I think we were trying to again find a way to do this kind of again find a way to do this kind of. Again find a way to do this kind of under the hood without the developers under the hood without the developers. Under the hood without the developers explicitly saying it or explicitly explicitly saying it or explicitly. Explicitly saying it or explicitly defying it in the contract but the issue defying it in the contract but the issue. Defying it in the contract but the issue is there is no good default Behavior is there is no good default Behavior. Is there is no good default Behavior because of the different use cases because of the different use cases. Because of the different use cases between something like a token contract between something like a token contract. Between something like a token contract in amm but looking at kind of the design in amm but looking at kind of the design. In amm but looking at kind of the design paradigms that we're seeing in token paradigms that we're seeing in token. Paradigms that we're seeing in token contracts now whenever it comes to State contracts now whenever it comes to State. Contracts now whenever it comes to State a lot of contracts including the the a lot of contracts including the the. A lot of contracts including the the example contracts that we have in the example contracts that we have in the. Example contracts that we have in the Soroban samples repo have these helper Soroban samples repo have these helper. Soroban samples repo have these helper functions for getting and setting functions for getting and setting. Functions for getting and setting values and so I think what makes the values and so I think what makes the. values and so I think what makes the most sense from a developer perspective most sense from a developer perspective. Most sense from a developer perspective is just adding an if statement to these is just adding an if statement to these. Is just adding an if statement to these Getters and Setters which most contracts Getters and Setters which most contracts. Getters and Setters which most contracts already have to find and essentially already have to find and essentially. Already have to find and essentially what this would do is like a say you what this would do is like a say you. What this would do is like a say you have like a git token balance function have like a git token balance function. Have like a git token balance function what would probably make sense is what would probably make sense is. what would probably make sense is that you have an if check there and say that you have an if check there and say. That you have an if check there and say if the rent balance of this entry is if the rent balance of this entry is. If the rent balance of this entry is below say a hundred lumens or whatever below say a hundred lumens or whatever. Below say a hundred lumens or whatever value you want then bump it by a value you want then bump it by a. Value you want then bump it by a thousand and so that's kind of how we're thousand and so that's kind of how we're. Thousand and so that's kind of how we're imagining this would work from a imagining this would work from a. Imagining this would work from a contract developer's perspective is contract developer's perspective is. Contract developer's perspective is you'd have these scattered and Setter you'd have these scattered and Setter. You'd have these scattered and Setter functions with this if statement check functions with this if statement check. Functions with this if statement check and then this also allows the contract and then this also allows the contract. And then this also allows the contract to Define who pays and how you pay to Define who pays and how you pay . To Define who pays and how you pay within this if statement that's another within this if statement that's another. Within this if statement that's another important part of this is that the important part of this is that the. Important part of this is that the current rent balance of the entry is current rent balance of the entry is. Current rent balance of the entry is exposed within Soroban and so the smart exposed within Soroban and so the smart. Exposed within Soroban and so the smart contract itself can check the current contract itself can check the current. Contract itself can check the current rent balance and see if it wants to bump rent balance and see if it wants to bump. Rent balance and see if it wants to bump the rent or not bump the rent based on the rent or not bump the rent based on. The rent or not bump the rent based on that good balance oh I have a question I'm really. Oh I have a question I'm really concerned about the pool Solutions just concerned about the pool Solutions just. Concerned about the pool Solutions just because it seems like too easy to abuse because it seems like too easy to abuse. Because it seems like too easy to abuse them by creating just a lot of junk them by creating just a lot of junk. Them by creating just a lot of junk entries that you know contract would entries that you know contract would. Entries that you know contract would bump unconditionally like bump unconditionally like. Bump unconditionally like oh okay think of allergies so I think oh okay think of allergies so I think . Oh okay think of allergies so I think this would have to be an implementation this would have to be an implementation. This would have to be an implementation detail of the contract itself but I detail of the contract itself but I. Detail of the contract itself but I think a a smart think a a smart think a a smart. or a wise development strategy for or a wise development strategy for or a wise development strategy for. Something like an an would be to have something like an an would be to have something like an an would be to have. This fee pool but to not pay rent for this fee pool but to not pay rent for this fee pool but to not pay rent for. All entries equally so for instance all entries equally so for instance all entries equally so for instance . One possible implementation would be one possible implementation would be one possible implementation would be. That you have a few pool and then you that you have a few pool and then you that you have a few pool and then you. Bump entries on access and this is bump entries on access and this is bump entries on access and this is. Defined by the amm contract itself and defined by the amm contract itself and defined by the amm contract itself and. So for instance if you have a junk entry so for instance if you have a junk entry. So for instance if you have a junk entry that's never actually used in the wild that's never actually used in the wild. That's never actually used in the wild then its rent would not be bumped from then its rent would not be bumped from. Then its rent would not be bumped from the people because at least how I'm the people because at least how I'm. The people because at least how I'm imagining a solution would be is imagining a solution would be is. Imagining a solution would be is whenever a user accesses like an asset whenever a user accesses like an asset. Whenever a user accesses like an asset pair or something like that you check pair or something like that you check. Pair or something like that you check the current balance or the current rent the current balance or the current rent. The current balance or the current rent balance of the asset pair and then based balance of the asset pair and then based. Balance of the asset pair and then based on that balance decide to bump or not on that balance decide to bump or not. On that balance decide to bump or not and so in your example if you have a and so in your example if you have a. And so in your example if you have a Spam entry that someone may charge to Spam entry that someone may charge to. Spam entry that someone may charge to game the system or drain the people or game the system or drain the people or. Game the system or drain the people or something like that first off I would something like that first off I would. Something like that first off I would assume that the amm would probably want assume that the amm would probably want. Assume that the amm would probably want to have some price to create an entry to to have some price to create an entry to. To have some price to create an entry to deter spam like that but also if the deter spam like that but also if the. Deter spam like that but also if the spam entry is never accessed then it spam entry is never accessed then it. Spam entry is never accessed then it would never enter that if check and so would never enter that if check and so. Would never enter that if check and so Sprint would not be eligible for bumping Sprint would not be eligible for bumping. Sprint would not be eligible for bumping if that makes sense cool so I guess God I have a two. Cool so I guess God I have a two questions questions questions okay so the first one is about a state. Okay so the first one is about a state okay so the first one is about a state so my understanding and please call me. So my understanding and please call me so my understanding and please call me if I'm wrong that at some point we want. If I'm wrong that at some point we want if I'm wrong that at some point we want to. To to come to kind of like Get rid of some of come to kind of like Get rid of some of. Come to kind of like Get rid of some of the state and basically send it to the state and basically send it to. The state and basically send it to archiver right and be able to delete it archiver right and be able to delete it. Archiver right and be able to delete it effectively from The Ledger and if effectively from The Ledger and if. Effectively from The Ledger and if needed restore that later on needed restore that later on. Needed restore that later on my co-workers so far yes my co-workers so far yes my co-workers so far yes. Okay and I also assume that when we want okay and I also assume that when we want. Okay and I also assume that when we want to restore it right we will have some to restore it right we will have some. To restore it right we will have some security guarantees like cryptographic security guarantees like cryptographic. Security guarantees like cryptographic guarantees of some sort like as you guarantees of some sort like as you. Guarantees of some sort like as you mentioned the vehicle 3 or something of mentioned the vehicle 3 or something of. Mentioned the vehicle 3 or something of that sort that sort that sort yeah correct. Yeah correct yeah correct okay that's great now I'm wondering what okay that's great now I'm wondering what. Okay that's great now I'm wondering what happened if let's say hypothetically I'm. Happened if let's say hypothetically I'm happened if let's say hypothetically I'm. Creating a application and and so forth creating a application and and so forth creating a application and and so forth. And my transaction is such that I don't and my transaction is such that I don't and my transaction is such that I don't. Want want want my my my my my my leisure keys to eventually go to the leisure keys to eventually go to the. Leisure keys to eventually go to the archival I want them to disappear or archival I want them to disappear or. Archival I want them to disappear or dissipate into the nothing dissipate into the nothing. Dissipate into the nothing and and and when sending the next transaction later when sending the next transaction later. When sending the next transaction later on on on I want as part of that transaction. I want as part of that transaction I want as part of that transaction to send the content of The Ledger key. To send the content of The Ledger key to send the content of The Ledger key well instead of going in during the. Well instead of going in during the well instead of going in during the execution time. Execution time execution time Network itself would use that is the Network itself would use that is the. Network itself would use that is the source of truth instead of going to the source of truth instead of going to the. Source of truth instead of going to the archival right and from security archival right and from security. Archival right and from security perspective that should be equal perspective that should be equal. Perspective that should be equal however it does give me as a developer however it does give me as a developer. However it does give me as a developer the power the power the power to to to let my information. let my information let my information not being stored on every not being stored on every. Not being stored on every node of the network forever node of the network forever. Node of the network forever it basically moved the power to me it basically moved the power to me. It basically moved the power to me whereas the network is just storing the whereas the network is just storing the. Whereas the network is just storing the state state state if that makes sense if that makes sense. If that makes sense so if I understand so if I understand so if I understand your statement correctly. your statement correctly your statement correctly it's the the network is storing the. It's the the network is storing the it's the the network is storing the state but not the key and the user is. State but not the key and the user is state but not the key and the user is responsible for maintaining their own. Responsible for maintaining their own responsible for maintaining their own Keys is that what I'm understanding I'm. Keys is that what I'm understanding I'm Keys is that what I'm understanding I'm not quite sure. Exactly so basically I'm I'm suggesting exactly so basically I'm I'm suggesting that the archival is fine and I realized. That the archival is fine and I realized that the archival is fine and I realized. That for me for the classic use case you that for me for the classic use case you. That for me for the classic use case you want to basically keep storing the state. Want to basically keep storing the state want to basically keep storing the state. For everyone for everyone for everyone but for some people but for some people but for some people. It are very sensitive about their it are very sensitive about their it are very sensitive about their. Information they might want to use the information they might want to use the information they might want to use the. Network to store the state network to store the state network to store the state with all the cryptographic proof right. With all the cryptographic proof right with all the cryptographic proof right and everything but without the data. And everything but without the data and everything but without the data itself itself. Itself and let the data be more ephemeral okay I understand I think okay I understand I think. I think this is probably possible and I think this is probably possible and. I think this is probably possible and correct me if I'm wrong on this but correct me if I'm wrong on this but. correct me if I'm wrong on this but just in the current smart contract just in the current smart contract. Just in the current smart contract interface right I don't think it needs interface right I don't think it needs. Interface right I don't think it needs to special case this into the archival to special case this into the archival. To special case this into the archival system or the protocol level so for system or the protocol level so for. System or the protocol level so for instance if you cared about this what instance if you cared about this what. Instance if you cared about this what you could do is have a smart contract you could do is have a smart contract. You could do is have a smart contract that takes a hash payload and Stores that takes a hash payload and Stores. That takes a hash payload and Stores a like hash payload has one of its a like hash payload has one of its. a like hash payload has one of its data members and this hash payload could data members and this hash payload could. Data members and this hash payload could be the checksum with cryptographic hash be the checksum with cryptographic hash. Be the checksum with cryptographic hash of data that the contract developer has of data that the contract developer has. Of data that the contract developer has off chain somewhere so I don't think off chain somewhere so I don't think. Off chain somewhere so I don't think this has to be a archive or protocol this has to be a archive or protocol. This has to be a archive or protocol specific special use case I think the specific special use case I think the. Specific special use case I think the current Soroban SDK already supports this current Soroban SDK already supports this. Current Soroban SDK already supports this they're just beyond the onus of the they're just beyond the onus of the. They're just beyond the onus of the developer to make such a system developer to make such a system. Developer to make such a system yeah yeah yeah yes you're saying it would be a already. Yes you're saying it would be a already yes you're saying it would be a already possible to implement it independently. Possible to implement it independently possible to implement it independently yeah because what you could do is just. Yeah because what you could do is just yeah because what you could do is just have a smart contract that has like you. Have a smart contract that has like you have a smart contract that has like you know just Define some key space and then. Know just Define some key space and then know just Define some key space and then. The values of those keys are the values of those keys are the values of those keys are. Cryptographic checksum of data that cryptographic checksum of data that cryptographic checksum of data that. Start off chain I don't think we need to start off chain I don't think we need to. Start off chain I don't think we need to special case that or should special case. Special case that or should special case special case that or should special case. That because the tools exist already to that because the tools exist already to that because the tools exist already to. Build a contract that does exactly that build a contract that does exactly that build a contract that does exactly that. Let's see interesting let's see interesting let's see interesting okay that sounds interesting thank. Okay that sounds interesting thank okay that sounds interesting thank you Karen regarding the fact that fees. Karen regarding the fact that fees change based on the size of the of the change based on the size of the of the. Change based on the size of the of the bucket list what is the expectation how bucket list what is the expectation how. Bucket list what is the expectation how are users or developers expected to make are users or developers expected to make. Are users or developers expected to make decisions decisions decisions obviously you know they want to pay. obviously you know they want to pay obviously you know they want to pay rent for a specific amount of time and. Rent for a specific amount of time and rent for a specific amount of time and they don't have access to this. They don't have access to this they don't have access to this information if I understand correctly. Information if I understand correctly information if I understand correctly yeah so this is one of the open. Yeah so this is one of the open yeah so this is one of the open questions is to do we Define rent in. Questions is to do we Define rent in questions is to do we Define rent in terms of xlm or do we Define rent in. Terms of xlm or do we Define rent in terms of xlm or do we Define rent in terms of Ledger time and so I think . Terms of Ledger time and so I think terms of Ledger time and so I think when we get to the temporary storage in. When we get to the temporary storage in when we get to the temporary storage in a bit I will talk a little bit more. A bit I will talk a little bit more a bit I will talk a little bit more about this but I think. About this but I think about this but I think from from a market perspective and. from from a market perspective and from from a market perspective and. From like a a system performance from like a a system performance from like a a system performance. Perspective it makes sense for the v2b perspective it makes sense for the v2b perspective it makes sense for the v2b. Variable based on Buckle the size so we variable based on Buckle the size so we variable based on Buckle the size so we. Can have some sort of upper bound on can have some sort of upper bound on can have some sort of upper bound on. Bucket list size via this increasing fee bucket list size via this increasing fee. Bucket list size via this increasing fee rate rate rate but from a user perspective I do see how. But from a user perspective I do see how but from a user perspective I do see how. There's a significant advantage to there's a significant advantage to there's a significant advantage to. Having a definite kind of Ledger you having a definite kind of Ledger you having a definite kind of Ledger you. Know estimator as to how long something know estimator as to how long something know estimator as to how long something. Will live in terms of ledgers instead of will live in terms of ledgers instead of. Will live in terms of ledgers instead of this like ephemeral fee or something this like ephemeral fee or something. This like ephemeral fee or something might last five months might last six might last five months might last six. Might last five months might last six months Etc and so I think what we months Etc and so I think what we. Months Etc and so I think what we decided in listening to some of the decided in listening to some of the. Decided in listening to some of the developer feedback on the Discord developer feedback on the Discord. Developer feedback on the Discord Channel it looked like that for Channel it looked like that for. Channel it looked like that for temporary entries temporary entries temporary entries. it was important for temporary it was important for temporary it was important for temporary. Entries to have a definite entries to have a definite entries to have a definite well-defined lifetime in terms of. well-defined lifetime in terms of well-defined lifetime in terms of ledgers that is if you define a. Ledgers that is if you define a ledgers that is if you define a temporary entry that has a TTL of 128. Temporary entry that has a TTL of 128 temporary entry that has a TTL of 128. Ledgers it should live exactly 128 ledgers it should live exactly 128 ledgers it should live exactly 128. Ledgers no less no more ledgers no less no more ledgers no less no more so I think that for temporary entries. so I think that for temporary entries so I think that for temporary entries. Especially for anything that might be a especially for anything that might be a especially for anything that might be a. Temporary allowance or a temporary temporary allowance or a temporary temporary allowance or a temporary. Author or anything that has security author or anything that has security author or anything that has security. Implementation or implications it is implementation or implications it is implementation or implications it is. Very important to have a definite Ledger very important to have a definite Ledger. Very important to have a definite Ledger Lifetime and so for temporary entries Lifetime and so for temporary entries. Lifetime and so for temporary entries the plan is to offer the plan is to offer the plan is to offer. a set amount of ledgers and so how a set amount of ledgers and so how a set amount of ledgers and so how. That will look is in order to keep that will look is in order to keep that will look is in order to keep. People from essentially abusing that people from essentially abusing that people from essentially abusing that. Power and getting free rent or cheaper power and getting free rent or cheaper power and getting free rent or cheaper. Rent we would have to have some sort of rent we would have to have some sort of rent we would have to have some sort of. Upper bound as to the amount of time upper bound as to the amount of time upper bound as to the amount of time. That a temporary entry can live and so that a temporary entry can live and so that a temporary entry can live and so. That could be like three months six that could be like three months six that could be like three months six. Months something like that and then months something like that and then months something like that and then. Essentially people would have to do as essentially people would have to do as essentially people would have to do as. Far as the fee is concerned is that far as the fee is concerned is that far as the fee is concerned is that. There's two options here we could either there's two options here we could either. There's two options here we could either just kind of take a best guess as to just kind of take a best guess as to. Just kind of take a best guess as to what the the fees would be over the what the the fees would be over the. What the the fees would be over the lifetime of that temporary entry and the lifetime of that temporary entry and the. Lifetime of that temporary entry and the estimate and say okay like say the estimate and say okay like say the. Estimate and say okay like say the current front fee and it's just an current front fee and it's just an. Current front fee and it's just an arbitrary number I'm throwing out there arbitrary number I'm throwing out there. Arbitrary number I'm throwing out there is two xlm per Ledger and so we're going is two xlm per Ledger and so we're going. Is two xlm per Ledger and so we're going to pretend that that stays constant and to pretend that that stays constant and. To pretend that that stays constant and then charge this entry to xlm per Ledger then charge this entry to xlm per Ledger. Then charge this entry to xlm per Ledger after its entire lifetime and that's the. After its entire lifetime and that's the after its entire lifetime and that's the. Fee of the temporary entry that's one fee of the temporary entry that's one. Fee of the temporary entry that's one way the other way is way the other way is. Way the other way is potentially is that we know that the potentially is that we know that the. potentially is that we know that the the upper and lower bound of the fees the upper and lower bound of the fees. the upper and lower bound of the fees because the bucket list can only grow at. Because the bucket list can only grow at because the bucket list can only grow at. A certain at a certain rate as the upper a certain at a certain rate as the upper. A certain at a certain rate as the upper bound and so another possibility is to bound and so another possibility is to. Bound and so another possibility is to essentially charge essentially charge essentially charge. the upper bound rent as if the bucket the upper bound rent as if the bucket. the upper bound rent as if the bucket list was to grow as much as possible list was to grow as much as possible. List was to grow as much as possible every single Ledger and then whenever every single Ledger and then whenever. Every single Ledger and then whenever the the temporary entry gets deleted the the temporary entry gets deleted. The the temporary entry gets deleted refund the difference but essentially refund the difference but essentially. Refund the difference but essentially for temporary entries there will be for temporary entries there will be. For temporary entries there will be some sort of fee model or some sort of some sort of fee model or some sort of. Some sort of fee model or some sort of something to ensure that it does have a something to ensure that it does have a. Something to ensure that it does have a very specific amount of ledgers that can very specific amount of ledgers that can. Very specific amount of ledgers that can live now for the recreatable and unique live now for the recreatable and unique. Live now for the recreatable and unique storage types that can be archived I storage types that can be archived I. Storage types that can be archived I think it matters and again I'm open to think it matters and again I'm open to. Think it matters and again I'm open to developer you know feedback on this I developer you know feedback on this I. Developer you know feedback on this I think it matters less that they exist think it matters less that they exist. Think it matters less that they exist for a specific number of entries so for a specific number of entries so. For a specific number of entries so essentially if you have recurable essentially if you have recurable. Essentially if you have recurable storage in temporary storage if it say storage in temporary storage if it say. Storage in temporary storage if it say if you define 128 ledgers worth of rent if you define 128 ledgers worth of rent. If you define 128 ledgers worth of rent and then for some reason it you know and then for some reason it you know. And then for some reason it you know rent goes up and so it dies at Ledger rent goes up and so it dies at Ledger. Rent goes up and so it dies at Ledger 125. you can still go and recover that I 125. you can still go and recover that I. 125. you can still go and recover that I think it would be annoying from a think it would be annoying from a. Think it would be annoying from a user perspective and maybe like not user perspective and maybe like not. User perspective and maybe like not not the best ux but I think it is a not the best ux but I think it is a. Not the best ux but I think it is a recoverable entry and so there is no recoverable entry and so there is no. Recoverable entry and so there is no long-term long-term long-term permanent side effect for having a. permanent side effect for having a permanent side effect for having a ledger that is archived slightly earlier. Ledger that is archived slightly earlier ledger that is archived slightly earlier. Or slightly later whereas for a or slightly later whereas for a or slightly later whereas for a. Temporary entry that's permanently temporary entry that's permanently temporary entry that's permanently. Deleted if you access something that deleted if you access something that deleted if you access something that. Has 128 ledgers worth of rent and it's has 128 ledgers worth of rent and it's has 128 ledgers worth of rent and it's. Gone on Ledger 100 26 it's permanently gone on Ledger 100 26 it's permanently gone on Ledger 100 26 it's permanently. Deleted and there's no recourse and so I deleted and there's no recourse and so I. Deleted and there's no recourse and so I think because think because think because. Temporary storage and recreatable temporary storage and recreatable temporary storage and recreatable. Storage isn't being deleted but it's storage isn't being deleted but it's storage isn't being deleted but it's. Being sent to the archive that the being sent to the archive that the being sent to the archive that the. Bounds don't matter as much and bounds don't matter as much and bounds don't matter as much and. Especially since temporary storage and especially since temporary storage and especially since temporary storage and. Unique storage aren't intended to be unique storage aren't intended to be unique storage aren't intended to be. Used for these ephemeral kind of like used for these ephemeral kind of like used for these ephemeral kind of like. Author security purposes there's not a author security purposes there's not a author security purposes there's not a. Security risk there I think from a user security risk there I think from a user security risk there I think from a user. Perspective what makes sense is that perspective what makes sense is that perspective what makes sense is that. From the interface expose paying rent in from the interface expose paying rent in. From the interface expose paying rent in terms of ledgers because I think that's terms of ledgers because I think that's. Terms of ledgers because I think that's the language that developers will the language that developers will. The language that developers will understand and so I think what we'll understand and so I think what we'll. Understand and so I think what we'll probably do is probably do is probably do is. say Okay I want to bump this by a say Okay I want to bump this by a say Okay I want to bump this by a. Thousand measures or 10 000 ledgers or thousand measures or 10 000 ledgers or thousand measures or 10 000 ledgers or. Whatever and what we would do is take whatever and what we would do is take whatever and what we would do is take. The current bucket list price do an the current bucket list price do an the current bucket list price do an. Estimation estimation estimation and then I think what we could also do and then I think what we could also do. And then I think what we could also do is maybe add an optional parameter to is maybe add an optional parameter to. Is maybe add an optional parameter to the rent bump that says I want this much the rent bump that says I want this much. The rent bump that says I want this much wiggle room wiggle room wiggle room so say like I want like 10 000. so say like I want like 10 000 so say like I want like 10 000 ledgers worth of you know rent. Ledgers worth of you know rent ledgers worth of you know rent and then put another 200 xlm in there. and then put another 200 xlm in there and then put another 200 xlm in there. Just in case and so I think this works just in case and so I think this works just in case and so I think this works. Pretty well and I think that pretty well and I think that pretty well and I think that. you know even though the rate is you know even though the rate is you know even though the rate is. Variable I don't think it will the variable I don't think it will the variable I don't think it will the. Growth is bounded and also I don't growth is bounded and also I don't growth is bounded and also I don't. Expect the growth I don't expect it to expect the growth I don't expect it to expect the growth I don't expect it to. Grow or change quickly and so I think grow or change quickly and so I think. Grow or change quickly and so I think if it's an entry that's being if it's an entry that's being. If it's an entry that's being accessed often accessed often accessed often and you're doing like this if check. and you're doing like this if check and you're doing like this if check on every access which is kind of the . On every access which is kind of the on every access which is kind of the the recommended design Paradigm at this. The recommended design Paradigm at this the recommended design Paradigm at this time then as long as that entry is being. Time then as long as that entry is being time then as long as that entry is being. Often used it doesn't really matter if often used it doesn't really matter if often used it doesn't really matter if. Say your five or six ledgers behind say your five or six ledgers behind say your five or six ledgers behind . Where you thought you were going to be where you thought you were going to be where you thought you were going to be. you can still do that check and if you can still do that check and if you can still do that check and if. It's the frequently used entry catch it it's the frequently used entry catch it it's the frequently used entry catch it. In time and then bump the run again and in time and then bump the run again and in time and then bump the run again and. So I think that's kind of makes the most so I think that's kind of makes the most. So I think that's kind of makes the most sense is that for temporary entries they. Sense is that for temporary entries they sense is that for temporary entries they. Have strict time bounds or recreatable have strict time bounds or recreatable have strict time bounds or recreatable. And unique entries you pay rent in terms and unique entries you pay rent in terms. And unique entries you pay rent in terms of time they're not strict Karen I was wondering if I could also. Karen I was wondering if I could also mention something or maybe even ask mention something or maybe even ask. Mention something or maybe even ask you about this you about this you about this. Yeah sure yeah sure yeah sure well it's just that well it's just that well it's just that. You've been talking about these sort of you've been talking about these sort of you've been talking about these sort of. Arbitrary numbers of letters and if arbitrary numbers of letters and if arbitrary numbers of letters and if. My understanding is correct here and my understanding is correct here and my understanding is correct here and. There's no there's no real future in there's no there's no real future in there's no there's no real future in. Which we're going to be deleting which we're going to be deleting which we're going to be deleting. Something at any point other than a than something at any point other than a than. Something at any point other than a than a bucket merch right I mean we could we a bucket merch right I mean we could we. A bucket merch right I mean we could we could could could factually pretend it had been deleted. Factually pretend it had been deleted factually pretend it had been deleted but it's not actually going to be. But it's not actually going to be but it's not actually going to be deleted until until a letter. Deleted until until a letter deleted until until a letter merge happens or sorry a bucket merge. Merge happens or sorry a bucket merge merge happens or sorry a bucket merge happens right yeah correct. Happens right yeah correct happens right yeah correct okay so so those there are there are. Okay so so those there are there are okay so so those there are there are only you know 10 possible boundaries. Only you know 10 possible boundaries only you know 10 possible boundaries where that happens. Where that happens where that happens so like it's it's not like it's not like so like it's it's not like it's not like. So like it's it's not like it's not like you have arbitrary granularity here to you have arbitrary granularity here to. You have arbitrary granularity here to to sort of practically worry about to sort of practically worry about. To sort of practically worry about you you basically you have like and you you basically you have like and. you you basically you have like and and most of those granularities are and most of those granularities are. And most of those granularities are actually quite small with it the bucket actually quite small with it the bucket. Actually quite small with it the bucket list is a little funny in this respect list is a little funny in this respect. List is a little funny in this respect and a lot of the levels are actually and a lot of the levels are actually. And a lot of the levels are actually quite short they're they're you know 10 quite short they're they're you know 10. Quite short they're they're you know 10 minutes 42 minutes 170 minutes all minutes 42 minutes 170 minutes all. Minutes 42 minutes 170 minutes all the way to level six right so assuming the way to level six right so assuming. The way to level six right so assuming you have any level of permanence to to you have any level of permanence to to. You have any level of permanence to to your to your problem that you you have a your to your problem that you you have a. Your to your problem that you you have a a thing that you want to keep alive for a thing that you want to keep alive for. A thing that you want to keep alive for any serious amount of time any serious amount of time. Any serious amount of time you know that you're probably only you know that you're probably only. you know that you're probably only dealing with level eight eight nine dealing with level eight eight nine. Dealing with level eight eight nine or ten granularity right probably nine or ten granularity right probably nine. Or ten granularity right probably nine or ten granularity which is you know or ten granularity which is you know. Or ten granularity which is you know little non-granularity is basically little non-granularity is basically. Little non-granularity is basically seven days and level 10 granularity is seven days and level 10 granularity is. Seven days and level 10 granularity is basically 30 days so like as far as I basically 30 days so like as far as I. Basically 30 days so like as far as I can tell the the sort of the the can tell the the sort of the the. Can tell the the sort of the the Practical usability of this at a at a Practical usability of this at a at a. Practical usability of this at a at a user interface perspective user interface perspective. User interface perspective all possible values that you could set all possible values that you could set. All possible values that you could set Rent to are practically probably going Rent to are practically probably going. Rent to are practically probably going to collapse into some number of weeks or to collapse into some number of weeks or. To collapse into some number of weeks or some number of months and you'll just some number of months and you'll just. Some number of months and you'll just you'll just pick it up a weaker month you'll just pick it up a weaker month. You'll just pick it up a weaker month number and that's that's sort of number and that's that's sort of. Number and that's that's sort of like you can imagine there being some like you can imagine there being some. Like you can imagine there being some really complicated pricing mechanics in really complicated pricing mechanics in. Really complicated pricing mechanics in here but like here but like here but like. Practically speaking I think you know practically speaking I think you know practically speaking I think you know. Level 10 merges happen about once a level 10 merges happen about once a level 10 merges happen about once a. Month and so those are the only times in month and so those are the only times in. Month and so those are the only times in which which which you're likely to be talking about being. You're likely to be talking about being you're likely to be talking about being expired is that does that sort of fit. Expired is that does that sort of fit expired is that does that sort of fit the user interface model that you have. The user interface model that you have the user interface model that you have in mind or or am I just sort of missing. In mind or or am I just sort of missing in mind or or am I just sort of missing the point. The point the point yeah no that's true so we only do we yeah no that's true so we only do we. Yeah no that's true so we only do we only you know we archive or delete only you know we archive or delete. Only you know we archive or delete entries during merge events and then entries during merge events and then. Entries during merge events and then we're also conservative in how we charge we're also conservative in how we charge. We're also conservative in how we charge rent rent rent so this is also detailed and a. so this is also detailed and a so this is also detailed and a document that'll be shared later today. Document that'll be shared later today document that'll be shared later today it's kind of like the the first cap. it's kind of like the the first cap it's kind of like the the first cap on this temporary storage and rent. On this temporary storage and rent on this temporary storage and rent. Proposal but the way that we charge rent proposal but the way that we charge rent. Proposal but the way that we charge rent is we charge rent during bucket merges is we charge rent during bucket merges. Is we charge rent during bucket merges but because the fee is variable we can't but because the fee is variable we can't. But because the fee is variable we can't be up to date on charging rent but we. be up to date on charging rent but we be up to date on charging rent but we. Have to retroactively charge rent have to retroactively charge rent have to retroactively charge rent. just because buckets are immutable just because buckets are immutable just because buckets are immutable. And then merge result of buckets are and then merge result of buckets are and then merge result of buckets are. Produced in advance and so you can't produced in advance and so you can't produced in advance and so you can't. Charge rent until every charge rent until every charge rent until every Ledger's rent is known and so for. Ledger's rent is known and so for Ledger's rent is known and so for that reason essentially when charging. That reason essentially when charging that reason essentially when charging. Rent rent rent you lag behind one level so for you lag behind one level so for. you lag behind one level so for instance if an entry is live in a instance if an entry is live in a. Instance if an entry is live in a current bucket at level four it has only current bucket at level four it has only. Current bucket at level four it has only been charged rent up to and including . Been charged rent up to and including been charged rent up to and including . The ledgers app passed to The Bucket the ledgers app passed to The Bucket the ledgers app passed to The Bucket. List level three it's a a little List level three it's a a little List level three it's a a little. Complicated all let's say we are complicated all let's say we are complicated all let's say we are. Conservative when it comes to archiving conservative when it comes to archiving conservative when it comes to archiving. And conservative when it comes to rent and conservative when it comes to rent and conservative when it comes to rent. And so I think from a user perspective and so I think from a user perspective and so I think from a user perspective. even if you know the price increases even if you know the price increases even if you know the price increases. And you're off by a little bit more and you're off by a little bit more and you're off by a little bit more. Likely than not because of the likely than not because of the likely than not because of the. Conservative nature of our archiving conservative nature of our archiving conservative nature of our archiving. Schema because of the conservative schema because of the conservative schema because of the conservative. Nature of our rent charging scheme it nature of our rent charging scheme it. Nature of our rent charging scheme it is significantly more likely that your is significantly more likely that your. Is significantly more likely that your entry will live longer than intended entry will live longer than intended. Entry will live longer than intended instead of shorter than extended instead of shorter than extended. Instead of shorter than extended and so all this talking about like it and so all this talking about like it. And so all this talking about like it does it get you know archived like a does it get you know archived like a. Does it get you know archived like a couple hours early this is kind of the couple hours early this is kind of the. Couple hours early this is kind of the most extreme case where you get really most extreme case where you get really. Most extreme case where you get really unlucky or if you have like a small unlucky or if you have like a small. Unlucky or if you have like a small amount of rent that gets archived at amount of rent that gets archived at. Amount of rent that gets archived at like level six or seven and then you like level six or seven and then you. Like level six or seven and then you know the bucket list grows the maximum know the bucket list grows the maximum. Know the bucket list grows the maximum amount possible for every Ledger amount possible for every Ledger . Amount possible for every Ledger between creation and archival and so between creation and archival and so. Between creation and archival and so this is very much kind of worst case this is very much kind of worst case . This is very much kind of worst case circumstances in the average case circumstances in the average case. Circumstances in the average case your entry will most likely live your entry will most likely live. your entry will most likely live longer than the the rent that you longer than the the rent that you. Longer than the the rent that you supplied supplied supplied yeah yeah yeah and I guess I guess what I was getting. And I guess I guess what I was getting and I guess I guess what I was getting at is that you're it's likely to it's. At is that you're it's likely to it's at is that you're it's likely to it's likely to last a month longer all right. Likely to last a month longer all right likely to last a month longer all right like like if if you make it over the. Like like if if you make it over the like like if if you make it over the line by a bit you're probably not going. Line by a bit you're probably not going line by a bit you're probably not going to get touched for another month if yeah. To get touched for another month if yeah to get touched for another month if yeah. If you're looking at a certain last if you're looking at a certain last if you're looking at a certain last. Level of merges level of merges level of merges yeah it's a little bit yeah it's a little bit . Yeah it's a little bit I'm trying to understand it's great in I'm trying to understand it's great in. I'm trying to understand it's great in suggesting that we change the interface suggesting that we change the interface. Suggesting that we change the interface to rather than be like arbitrary rent to rather than be like arbitrary rent. To rather than be like arbitrary rent deposits you actually point at which deposits you actually point at which. Deposits you actually point at which like which next level do I want to like which next level do I want to . Like which next level do I want to this to die on basically this to die on basically. This to die on basically no I'm I'm not I'm not suggesting a no I'm I'm not I'm not suggesting a. No I'm I'm not I'm not suggesting a change of interface I'm suggesting that change of interface I'm suggesting that. Change of interface I'm suggesting that that the thought process that the user is going. Thought process that the user is going to be going through to try and calculate to be going through to try and calculate. To be going through to try and calculate rent will rent will rent will realistically probably only have numbers. Realistically probably only have numbers realistically probably only have numbers. That are that are multiples of 30 days that are that are multiples of 30 days that are that are multiples of 30 days. Worth of rent worth of rent worth of rent because there's because there's because there's. The next lowest multiple that has any the next lowest multiple that has any the next lowest multiple that has any. Meaning is is only seven days meaning is is only seven days meaning is is only seven days. like they're just they're I'm saying like they're just they're I'm saying like they're just they're I'm saying. That they're you're you're you've kind that they're you're you're you've kind that they're you're you're you've kind. Of got a like a like a weird number of got a like a like a weird number of got a like a like a weird number. System where you can Target specific system where you can Target specific system where you can Target specific. Ledgers but it doesn't I don't think ledgers but it doesn't I don't think ledgers but it doesn't I don't think. It's it's it's I don't think it's ever gonna I don't know I don't know I need to I don't know I don't know I need to. Think about this more I guess sorry but think about this more I guess sorry but think about this more I guess sorry but. Wait you're saying they like don't have wait you're saying they like don't have wait you're saying they like don't have. To worry about being five minutes late to worry about being five minutes late to worry about being five minutes late. On their rent they'll like have they'll on their rent they'll like have they'll on their rent they'll like have they'll. Be these big chunks of time it's kind of be these big chunks of time it's kind of. Be these big chunks of time it's kind of like paying rent on an apartment it's like paying rent on an apartment it's. Like paying rent on an apartment it's like every 30 you'll have 30 days of like every 30 you'll have 30 days of. Like every 30 you'll have 30 days of expiration at like this super granular expiration at like this super granular. Expiration at like this super granular thing so it'll be easier to deal with is thing so it'll be easier to deal with is. Thing so it'll be easier to deal with is that kind of what you're saying that kind of what you're saying. That kind of what you're saying that's that's what I was asking but I that's that's what I was asking but I. That's that's what I was asking but I think I think I think Karen's garen's think I think I think Karen's garen's. Think I think I think Karen's garen's point is is that we we are going to be point is is that we we are going to be. Point is is that we we are going to be doing it on on every possible level it's doing it on on every possible level it's. Doing it on on every possible level it's just just just we'll be one one behind and and so. So to kind of give a concrete example so to kind of give a concrete example for this say you have a level that. For this say you have a level that for this say you have a level that. Contains like 30 days worth of rent contains like 30 days worth of rent contains like 30 days worth of rent. and then a user pays 31 days with and then a user pays 31 days with and then a user pays 31 days with. A rent in order to be archived you a rent in order to be archived you a rent in order to be archived you. Have to be at zero when that merge event have to be at zero when that merge event. Have to be at zero when that merge event happens and so because happens and so because. Happens and so because after 30 days a virtual event happens after 30 days a virtual event happens. after 30 days a virtual event happens but the entry still has one day left but the entry still has one day left. But the entry still has one day left rent the entry is not archived and goes rent the entry is not archived and goes. Rent the entry is not archived and goes to the next level and then say the next to the next level and then say the next. To the next level and then say the next level level level is like 60 days it will take 60. is like 60 days it will take 60 is like 60 days it will take 60 days for that bucket to merge and so. Days for that bucket to merge and so days for that bucket to merge and so that entry will essentially live rent. That entry will essentially live rent that entry will essentially live rent free for 60 days while it waits for the. Free for 60 days while it waits for the free for 60 days while it waits for the next merge event and then that merge. Next merge event and then that merge next merge event and then that merge event will check and say oh you're zero. Event will check and say oh you're zero event will check and say oh you're zero you can be archived now and so that's. You can be archived now and so that's you can be archived now and so that's what I mean by one level behind and. What I mean by one level behind and what I mean by one level behind and we have a conservative archiving and. We have a conservative archiving and we have a conservative archiving and rent approach I think I think I think. Rent approach I think I think I think rent approach I think I think I think that's kind of what I was getting at was. That's kind of what I was getting at was that's kind of what I was getting at was. Was this this this idea that if was this this this idea that if was this this this idea that if. It's not it's not like where it's if it's not it's not like where it's if it's not it's not like where it's if. Something survives a level 30 merge or something survives a level 30 merge or something survives a level 30 merge or. Oh sorry level a level 10 merge which is oh sorry level a level 10 merge which is. Oh sorry level a level 10 merge which is once every 10 every 30 days is level 10 once every 10 every 30 days is level 10. Once every 10 every 30 days is level 10 merch bottom level of The Bucket List merch bottom level of The Bucket List. Merch bottom level of The Bucket List gets merged every every 30 days so if if gets merged every every 30 days so if if. Gets merged every every 30 days so if if an entry survives one of those we're not. An entry survives one of those we're not an entry survives one of those we're not. Going to like suddenly notice going to like suddenly notice going to like suddenly notice. you know that that it's that it's one you know that that it's that it's one. you know that that it's that it's one day late the next day we're only day late the next day we're only. Day late the next day we're only going to notice that it's overcharged going to notice that it's overcharged. Going to notice that it's overcharged 30 days that it's that it's past past 30 days that it's that it's past past. 30 days that it's that it's past past due that if they sort of ran out and due that if they sort of ran out and. Due that if they sort of ran out and doesn't have enough to survive another doesn't have enough to survive another. Doesn't have enough to survive another month 30 days later month 30 days later month 30 days later. Yeah that's correct I think I think yeah that's correct I think I think yeah that's correct I think I think. That's going to be almost every entry in that's going to be almost every entry in. That's going to be almost every entry in this system is going to is going to be this system is going to is going to be. This system is going to is going to be in that circumstance right I think I in that circumstance right I think I. In that circumstance right I think I think almost everyone who interacts with think almost everyone who interacts with. Think almost everyone who interacts with this system is going to pay at least one. This system is going to pay at least one this system is going to pay at least one. Month worth of rent and therefore month worth of rent and therefore month worth of rent and therefore. They're always going to have like they're always going to have like they're always going to have like. Essentially a one month of wiggle room essentially a one month of wiggle room essentially a one month of wiggle room. in in being wrong in in being wrong in in being wrong right I think that's kind of what I was. Right I think that's kind of what I was right I think that's kind of what I was trying to get at. Trying to get at trying to get at yeah yeah and I think I think from a yeah yeah and I think I think from a. Yeah yeah and I think I think from a design perspective I think from a user design perspective I think from a user. Design perspective I think from a user perspective that's nice to have some perspective that's nice to have some. Perspective that's nice to have some wiggle room but also from a design wiggle room but also from a design. Wiggle room but also from a design perspective I don't think our primary perspective I don't think our primary. Perspective I don't think our primary goal is to get rid of these like you goal is to get rid of these like you. Goal is to get rid of these like you know long life entries that will never know long life entries that will never. Know long life entries that will never be used and so like if we like are be used and so like if we like are. Be used and so like if we like are off by a month or two months like we off by a month or two months like we. Off by a month or two months like we don't really care it's like we're trying don't really care it's like we're trying. Don't really care it's like we're trying to really like limit Ledger State size to really like limit Ledger State size. To really like limit Ledger State size and get rid of these entries that last and get rid of these entries that last. And get rid of these entries that last for years that don't do anything exactly for years that don't do anything exactly. For years that don't do anything exactly exactly the whole the whole point here exactly the whole the whole point here. Exactly the whole the whole point here is just to have some upper bound and it is just to have some upper bound and it. Is just to have some upper bound and it is like having having an entire month of is like having having an entire month of. Is like having having an entire month of wiggle room is completely fine from the wiggle room is completely fine from the. Wiggle room is completely fine from the operator's perspective you just don't operator's perspective you just don't. Operator's perspective you just don't want to have you know fi like we have want to have you know fi like we have. Want to have you know fi like we have entries in there that have been there in entries in there that have been there in. Entries in there that have been there in there for years and years and years and there for years and years and years and. There for years and years and years and years and they're never going to be years and they're never going to be. Years and they're never going to be touched and those are the ones we kind touched and those are the ones we kind. Touched and those are the ones we kind of would like to like oh come on can we of would like to like oh come on can we. Of would like to like oh come on can we just can we at least can we at least put just can we at least can we at least put. Just can we at least can we at least put these on like a cold or storage and I also I think pyro that's. And I also I think pyro that's an interesting question an interesting question. An interesting question as to can a malicious user exploit as to can a malicious user exploit. as to can a malicious user exploit this this this for free rent and the answer is no. for free rent and the answer is no for free rent and the answer is no it's a little weird but. it's a little weird but it's a little weird but essentially essentially. Essentially in order to get rid of programmatic in order to get rid of programmatic. In order to get rid of programmatic exploits where essentially you pay like exploits where essentially you pay like. Exploits where essentially you pay like just enough rent to survive for the next just enough rent to survive for the next. Just enough rent to survive for the next level level level and then like always do that like in. and then like always do that like in and then like always do that like in a for Loop over and over again the way. A for Loop over and over again the way a for Loop over and over again the way that we service archives is whenever an. That we service archives is whenever an that we service archives is whenever an entry goes to zero it is eligible for. Entry goes to zero it is eligible for entry goes to zero it is eligible for archive. Archive archive but we archive in batches and so but we archive in batches and so. but we archive in batches and so essentially what we do is we use bucket essentially what we do is we use bucket. Essentially what we do is we use bucket hashes as a source of pseudor Randomness hashes as a source of pseudor Randomness. Hashes as a source of pseudor Randomness and then randomly pick batches to and then randomly pick batches to. And then randomly pick batches to Archive and so to answer your question Archive and so to answer your question. Archive and so to answer your question while a user could get some free rent while a user could get some free rent. while a user could get some free rent kind of like in like the while kind of like in like the while. kind of like in like the while they're in like the in the one level they're in like the in the one level. They're in like the in the one level below so say like because we have below so say like because we have. below so say like because we have one level behind if a user pays five one level behind if a user pays five. One level behind if a user pays five levels of rent levels of rent levels of rent. they'll live until level six but once they'll live until level six but once. they'll live until level six but once their rent hits zero the archive their rent hits zero the archive. their rent hits zero the archive entries are deleted in a pseudo-random entries are deleted in a pseudo-random. Entries are deleted in a pseudo-random order and so we're we're doing that to order and so we're we're doing that to. Order and so we're we're doing that to prevent programmatic exploits where you prevent programmatic exploits where you. Prevent programmatic exploits where you have something like a smart contract have something like a smart contract. Have something like a smart contract that can just in the for Loop can that can just in the for Loop can. That can just in the for Loop can continually bump the minimum amount rent continually bump the minimum amount rent. Continually bump the minimum amount rent to live until you get to that bottom to live until you get to that bottom. To live until you get to that bottom level and so there is still some room level and so there is still some room. Level and so there is still some room for malicious exploitation but because for malicious exploitation but because. For malicious exploitation but because we service in a pseudo-random order I we service in a pseudo-random order I. We service in a pseudo-random order I think we're kind of limiting bad taxes related question actually to that you. Related question actually to that you know the batching thing that happens for know the batching thing that happens for. Know the batching thing that happens for actually charging rent actually charging rent. actually charging rent I mean not charging around sorry for I mean not charging around sorry for. I mean not charging around sorry for archiving archiving archiving . so when it comes to those ephemeral so when it comes to those ephemeral so when it comes to those ephemeral. Entries isn't the experience going to entries isn't the experience going to. Entries isn't the experience going to be similar where the you know so that be similar where the you know so that. Be similar where the you know so that would be in conflict with having would be in conflict with having. Would be in conflict with having a a a you know like an exact expiration. you know like an exact expiration you know like an exact expiration for a an entry to get it deleted. For a an entry to get it deleted for a an entry to get it deleted because I'm going to actually do that. Because I'm going to actually do that because I'm going to actually do that like you you'll have to basically what. Like you you'll have to basically what like you you'll have to basically what we can do when you. We can do when you we can do when you but we can enforce when you you know but we can enforce when you you know. But we can enforce when you you know create an ephemeral entry you can say create an ephemeral entry you can say. Create an ephemeral entry you can say okay you know this thing is going to okay you know this thing is going to. Okay you know this thing is going to leave leave leave exactly I mean all yeah some number of. Exactly I mean all yeah some number of exactly I mean all yeah some number of Legends right and then that number has. Legends right and then that number has Legends right and then that number has to kind of line up with probably . To kind of line up with probably to kind of line up with probably you know the right merge number right. You know the right merge number right you know the right merge number right. In the in in in the in the bucket list I in the in in in the in the bucket list I. In the in in in the in the bucket list I mean that's maybe mean that's maybe mean that's maybe. and that's a minimum as far as that and that's a minimum as far as that and that's a minimum as far as that. Is it the maximum is it the maximum is it the maximum I don't think we can actually do a. I don't think we can actually do a I don't think we can actually do a maximum because if we do a maximum that. Maximum because if we do a maximum that maximum because if we do a maximum that means that we are now creating those big. Means that we are now creating those big means that we are now creating those big. Waves of deletes waves of deletes waves of deletes that will all happen at exactly the same. That will all happen at exactly the same that will all happen at exactly the same. Time right and that becomes kind of a time right and that becomes kind of a time right and that becomes kind of a. Probably like a scalability problem probably like a scalability problem probably like a scalability problem. Because because because kind of like the deletes right that are kind of like the deletes right that are. Kind of like the deletes right that are happening for the for the happening for the for the. Happening for the for the or the archive events right it's kind or the archive events right it's kind. or the archive events right it's kind of a similar thing where you don't want of a similar thing where you don't want. Of a similar thing where you don't want to do all the archiving to do all the archiving. To do all the archiving all at once because Downstream systems I all at once because Downstream systems I. All at once because Downstream systems I mean you have to tell them like that mean you have to tell them like that. Mean you have to tell them like that that the thing got deleted and you can't that the thing got deleted and you can't. That the thing got deleted and you can't just do like a you know just do like a you know. Just do like a you know millions of entries getting deleted all millions of entries getting deleted all. Millions of entries getting deleted all at once at once at once I actually disagree and I think . I actually disagree and I think I actually disagree and I think for two reasons so I think first off we. For two reasons so I think first off we for two reasons so I think first off we don't want to have I don't think we. Don't want to have I don't think we don't want to have I don't think we should limit users to The Bucket List. Should limit users to The Bucket List should limit users to The Bucket List time bounds just because there's like. Time bounds just because there's like time bounds just because there's like. They I feel like to the outside users it they I feel like to the outside users it. They I feel like to the outside users it feels some arbitrary like why do you feels some arbitrary like why do you. Feels some arbitrary like why do you have to pick between 4 000 ledgers of have to pick between 4 000 ledgers of. Have to pick between 4 000 ledgers of rent and 16 000 rathers of rent that's a rent and 16 000 rathers of rent that's a. Rent and 16 000 rathers of rent that's a big difference if I can't go somewhere big difference if I can't go somewhere. Big difference if I can't go somewhere in between in between in between so at least how I'm imagining . So at least how I'm imagining so at least how I'm imagining temporary entries is that they have an. Temporary entries is that they have an temporary entries is that they have an internal field that's like a death. Internal field that's like a death internal field that's like a death Ledger and then. Ledger and then Ledger and then after that death Ledger even though after that death Ledger even though. after that death Ledger even though the entry might still exist in the the entry might still exist in the. The entry might still exist in the bucket list bucket list bucket list they are not accessible and so even. they are not accessible and so even they are not accessible and so even if you find the entry to look up but . If you find the entry to look up but if you find the entry to look up but the current Ledger is past the death. The current Ledger is past the death the current Ledger is past the death Ledger and then it's as if that. Ledger and then it's as if that Ledger and then it's as if that ledger doesn't exist now as far as the. Ledger doesn't exist now as far as the ledger doesn't exist now as far as the deleting goes I don't actually think. Deleting goes I don't actually think deleting goes I don't actually think there's an issue with deleting very. There's an issue with deleting very there's an issue with deleting very large amounts of temporary entries and. Large amounts of temporary entries and large amounts of temporary entries and batches mostly because I don't think you. Batches mostly because I don't think you batches mostly because I don't think you. Need to admit meta or temporary entry need to admit meta or temporary entry. Need to admit meta or temporary entry deletion so for instance deletion so for instance. Deletion so for instance the reason why we have to do the reason why we have to do. the reason why we have to do archiving in batches is because archive archiving in batches is because archive. Archiving in batches is because archive nodes or state expiration nodes or nodes or state expiration nodes or. Nodes or state expiration nodes or whatever we want to call them now need whatever we want to call them now need. Whatever we want to call them now need to ingest meta so they can store that to ingest meta so they can store that. To ingest meta so they can store that information but for temporary entries information but for temporary entries. Information but for temporary entries because they have like this TTL value because they have like this TTL value. Because they have like this TTL value inside of them I think they encapsulate inside of them I think they encapsulate. Inside of them I think they encapsulate all the information about their death all the information about their death. All the information about their death and so you don't need to admit any meta and so you don't need to admit any meta. And so you don't need to admit any meta so for instance a horizon node right so for instance a horizon node right. So for instance a horizon node right it doesn't and I could be wrong about it doesn't and I could be wrong about. It doesn't and I could be wrong about the Supreme if I'm wrong but Horizon the Supreme if I'm wrong but Horizon. The Supreme if I'm wrong but Horizon node on creation time knows what the TTL node on creation time knows what the TTL. Node on creation time knows what the TTL of a temporary entry is and so the of a temporary entry is and so the. Of a temporary entry is and so the Horizon node or any Downstream systems Horizon node or any Downstream systems. Horizon node or any Downstream systems don't need a meta event omitted to don't need a meta event omitted to. Don't need a meta event omitted to say that the entry has died because they say that the entry has died because they. Say that the entry has died because they know exactly when it's going to die know exactly when it's going to die. Know exactly when it's going to die similarly whenever we delete a similarly whenever we delete a. Similarly whenever we delete a temporary entry after it's died you temporary entry after it's died you. Temporary entry after it's died you don't need to write a deletion event to don't need to write a deletion event to. Don't need to write a deletion event to the top level bucket what you can do is the top level bucket what you can do is. The top level bucket what you can do is during the merge say oh if the current during the merge say oh if the current. During the merge say oh if the current Ledger is past death Ledger just drop Ledger is past death Ledger just drop. Ledger is past death Ledger just drop the entry and not include it and the the entry and not include it and the. The entry and not include it and the merge result bucket and so I think merge result bucket and so I think. Merge result bucket and so I think because assuming we have like a death because assuming we have like a death. Because assuming we have like a death Ledger field inside the temporary entry Ledger field inside the temporary entry. Ledger field inside the temporary entry we won't need to emit meta and we won't we won't need to emit meta and we won't. We won't need to emit meta and we won't need to write any delete or delete need to write any delete or delete. Need to write any delete or delete events to the bucket list so I believe events to the bucket list so I believe. Events to the bucket list so I believe we can do this with arbitrary size of we can do this with arbitrary size of. We can do this with arbitrary size of temporary entries and we won't have temporary entries and we won't have. Temporary entries and we won't have issues with like a very large bash being issues with like a very large bash being. Issues with like a very large bash being deleted at the same time if that makes deleted at the same time if that makes. Deleted at the same time if that makes sense sense sense what kind of I mean that means that the. What kind of I mean that means that the what kind of I mean that means that the downstream systems have to maintain the. Downstream systems have to maintain the downstream systems have to maintain the you know and scan. You know and scan you know and scan the entire Ledger for those expired the entire Ledger for those expired. The entire Ledger for those expired things right like that's kind of things right like that's kind of. Things right like that's kind of overhead overhead overhead yes I guess that's the question is that. Yes I guess that's the question is that yes I guess that's the question is that we need to admit meta or not even if the. We need to admit meta or not even if the we need to admit meta or not even if the. Death Ledger is included in The Ledger death Ledger is included in The Ledger death Ledger is included in The Ledger. Entry entry entry why can't it be just like a logical why can't it be just like a logical. Why can't it be just like a logical thing like right like it's an entry and thing like right like it's an entry and. Thing like right like it's an entry and then basically cost knows how to treat then basically cost knows how to treat. Then basically cost knows how to treat it properly right or whatever it properly right or whatever. It properly right or whatever yes we can do that it's more like if you yes we can do that it's more like if you. Yes we can do that it's more like if you think of like servant or PC or you know think of like servant or PC or you know. Think of like servant or PC or you know Horizon Horizon Horizon they would have they would have. They would have kind of manage with that stuff like kind of manage with that stuff like. Kind of manage with that stuff like either they do it on access so like either they do it on access so like. Either they do it on access so like delete they see the thing is deleted or delete they see the thing is deleted or. Delete they see the thing is deleted or you know like past the expiration date you know like past the expiration date. You know like past the expiration date so they kind of did it lazily or they do so they kind of did it lazily or they do. So they kind of did it lazily or they do have to have to have to delete like do a background you know a. Delete like do a background you know a delete like do a background you know a thing of thoughts right to kind of. Thing of thoughts right to kind of thing of thoughts right to kind of discover the things that that that are. Discover the things that that that are discover the things that that that are actually expired. Actually expired actually expired I mean I don't know how much overhead I mean I don't know how much overhead. I mean I don't know how much overhead that would be to have like a debate on that would be to have like a debate on. That would be to have like a debate on access if it's out of date and then also access if it's out of date and then also. Access if it's out of date and then also just like keep a keep a auxiliary table just like keep a keep a auxiliary table. Just like keep a keep a auxiliary table that's like a list of temporary like that's like a list of temporary like. That's like a list of temporary like pointers to Temporary entries sorted by pointers to Temporary entries sorted by. Pointers to Temporary entries sorted by death Ledger and then just have a death Ledger and then just have a. Death Ledger and then just have a background garbage collection thread background garbage collection thread. Background garbage collection thread that runs every now and again just to that runs every now and again just to. That runs every now and again just to you know go down that list in order and you know go down that list in order and. You know go down that list in order and then delete then delete then delete the entries that have died you know I. the entries that have died you know I the entries that have died you know I. Don't know how much overhead that would don't know how much overhead that would don't know how much overhead that would. Be but I feel like you know at least be but I feel like you know at least be but I feel like you know at least. That was like I was like trying but my that was like I was like trying but my that was like I was like trying but my. Thought was that would be like edema thought was that would be like edema thought was that would be like edema. Kind of like logic bound operation and kind of like logic bound operation and kind of like logic bound operation and. Not require meta events I feel like that not require meta events I feel like that. Not require meta events I feel like that should be reasonably lightweight from an. Should be reasonably lightweight from an should be reasonably lightweight from an. Advantage of standpoint advantage of standpoint advantage of standpoint yeah it depends if we if we think that. Yeah it depends if we if we think that yeah it depends if we if we think that people are going to use a lot those . People are going to use a lot those people are going to use a lot those temporary entries. Temporary entries temporary entries and basically like you know like you you and basically like you know like you you. And basically like you know like you you you create those things and then they you create those things and then they. You create those things and then they they expire and then you know that they expire and then you know that. They expire and then you know that basically you can do that because nobody basically you can do that because nobody. Basically you can do that because nobody is going to try to access them is going to try to access them. Is going to try to access them I think for Downstream system that I think for Downstream system that. I think for Downstream system that implication is that you have I mean the implication is that you have I mean the. Implication is that you have I mean the more likely scenario is that yeah you more likely scenario is that yeah you. More likely scenario is that yeah you have to do some sort of garage have to do some sort of garage. Have to do some sort of garage collection because delete on on access is is not. because delete on on access is is not going to cover a lot of the cases where going to cover a lot of the cases where. Going to cover a lot of the cases where you know you actually would delete stuff you know you actually would delete stuff. You know you actually would delete stuff yeah so yeah so yeah so yeah this can be potentially quite a bit. Yeah this can be potentially quite a bit yeah this can be potentially quite a bit. Of of of shown to I mean all stuff to do but like shown to I mean all stuff to do but like. Shown to I mean all stuff to do but like maybe maybe maybe I would like to hear what you know. I would like to hear what you know I would like to hear what you know people on the. People on the people on the platform side think about this or like platform side think about this or like. Platform side think about this or like OrbitLens I don't think it's around OrbitLens I don't think it's around. Orbit lens I don't think it's around unfortune unfortune unfortune taking a step back for a second I do. taking a step back for a second I do taking a step back for a second I do think. Think think I'm very concerned about this I'm very concerned about this I'm very concerned about this. this bifurcation of how rents rent this bifurcation of how rents rent. this bifurcation of how rents rent is measured in the dues between the is measured in the dues between the. Is measured in the dues between the temporary storage and the recoverable temporary storage and the recoverable. Temporary storage and the recoverable storage storage storage rent is already a pretty novel. rent is already a pretty novel rent is already a pretty novel concept and I think we're treading. Concept and I think we're treading concept and I think we're treading unfamiliar territory so having on top of. Unfamiliar territory so having on top of unfamiliar territory so having on top of. That different mechanisms whereas that different mechanisms whereas that different mechanisms whereas. Temporary storage is measured in number temporary storage is measured in number temporary storage is measured in number. Of ledgers and then the the recoverable of ledgers and then the the recoverable of ledgers and then the the recoverable. Ones are kind of like Dynamic I think ones are kind of like Dynamic I think ones are kind of like Dynamic I think. I think that's weird I understand why I think that's weird I understand why . I think that's weird I understand why you want to do that but I think from a you want to do that but I think from a. You want to do that but I think from a user interface perspective from the user interface perspective from the. User interface perspective from the developer perspective it's going to be developer perspective it's going to be. Developer perspective it's going to be pretty pretty weird pretty pretty weird pretty pretty weird. and you know not only that but I do and you know not only that but I do and you know not only that but I do. Think that when a user pays for rent think that when a user pays for rent think that when a user pays for rent. They want to know you know conceptually they want to know you know conceptually they want to know you know conceptually. They want to know exactly how many they want to know exactly how many they want to know exactly how many. Ledgers they're paying for ledgers they're paying for ledgers they're paying for and and this idea that that you know. and and this idea that that you know and and this idea that that you know things vary based on the size of the. Things vary based on the size of the things vary based on the size of the bucket list which is an implementation. Bucket list which is an implementation bucket list which is an implementation detail from their perspective I'm very. Detail from their perspective I'm very detail from their perspective I'm very concerned about that. Concerned about that concerned about that so one possible solution to this so one possible solution to this. So one possible solution to this is to essentially have the rate be is to essentially have the rate be. is to essentially have the rate be variable but whenever you bump an variable but whenever you bump an. Variable but whenever you bump an entries rent you lock in the rent fee entries rent you lock in the rent fee. Entries rent you lock in the rent fee for that entry until the next bump for that entry until the next bump. For that entry until the next bump and so I was kind of imagining this and so I was kind of imagining this. and so I was kind of imagining this as like a a subscription model where if as like a a subscription model where if. As like a a subscription model where if you pay monthly it might be 15 bucks a you pay monthly it might be 15 bucks a. You pay monthly it might be 15 bucks a month but if you pay yearly then it like month but if you pay yearly then it like. Month but if you pay yearly then it like amortizes to like 12 bucks a month so amortizes to like 12 bucks a month so. Amortizes to like 12 bucks a month so you get a small discount and so I think you get a small discount and so I think. You get a small discount and so I think this might work both to provide this might work both to provide. this might work both to provide better guarantees around the expiration better guarantees around the expiration. Better guarantees around the expiration date date date for the the recreatable and the. for the the recreatable and the for the the recreatable and the unique storage types and also still have. Unique storage types and also still have unique storage types and also still have. Kind of like a variable game three kind of like a variable game three kind of like a variable game three. Aspect to it because aspect to it because aspect to it because my concern is if you have a fixed. my concern is if you have a fixed my concern is if you have a fixed rate then you can have people that like. Rate then you can have people that like rate then you can have people that like essentially like say I'm going to like. Essentially like say I'm going to like essentially like say I'm going to like lock in this entry for 10 years put. Lock in this entry for 10 years put lock in this entry for 10 years put up 10 years of rent and then if it. Up 10 years of rent and then if it up 10 years of rent and then if it increases like if the rent fee increases. Increases like if the rent fee increases increases like if the rent fee increases. Like five or six x in that time you've like five or six x in that time you've like five or six x in that time you've. Got a ton of free rent but I think got a ton of free rent but I think got a ton of free rent but I think. there's if you like reset the the fee there's if you like reset the the fee. There's if you like reset the the fee every time you rebump every time you rebump. Every time you rebump it kind of makes sense from a it kind of makes sense from a. It kind of makes sense from a fairness standpoint I feel because yes fairness standpoint I feel because yes. Fairness standpoint I feel because yes you might be getting a better deal on you might be getting a better deal on. You might be getting a better deal on rent but you're locking up more funds rent but you're locking up more funds. Rent but you're locking up more funds and so I still feel like the discount and so I still feel like the discount. And so I still feel like the discount might be warranted if you're willing to might be warranted if you're willing to. Might be warranted if you're willing to lock up a Year's worth of rent all at lock up a Year's worth of rent all at. Lock up a Year's worth of rent all at once once once to have like this fixed rate which I. to have like this fixed rate which I to have like this fixed rate which I think that's one solution to provide. Think that's one solution to provide think that's one solution to provide a better user experience and this. A better user experience and this a better user experience and this would be very easy to implement as well. Would be very easy to implement as well would be very easy to implement as well I just don't know if that could be games. I just don't know if that could be games I just don't know if that could be games. Or be detrimental to the health of the or be detrimental to the health of the or be detrimental to the health of the. Network having these like locked fees network having these like locked fees network having these like locked fees. And having entries that are essentially and having entries that are essentially and having entries that are essentially. Like charged different like charged different like charged different fee rates based on the last time of. Fee rates based on the last time of fee rates based on the last time of their bumped if that makes sense but . Their bumped if that makes sense but their bumped if that makes sense but what are the some thoughts on that. What are the some thoughts on that what are the some thoughts on that particular idea in that particular fee. Particular idea in that particular fee particular idea in that particular fee proposal. Proposal proposal yeah I think that the more you create yeah I think that the more you create. Yeah I think that the more you create like this type of discount systems the like this type of discount systems the. Like this type of discount systems the more you create an incentive for people more you create an incentive for people. More you create an incentive for people to be to be to be like meta aggregate you know like. like meta aggregate you know like like meta aggregate you know like like some sort of middleman contract. Like some sort of middleman contract like some sort of middleman contract that that. That you know buys a bunch of of space you know buys a bunch of of space you know buys a bunch of of space. When it's cheap and then when it's cheap and then when it's cheap and then you know you can use it you know. You know you can use it you know you know you can use it you know like you can basically resell it to. Like you can basically resell it to like you can basically resell it to other people or something like I guess. Other people or something like I guess other people or something like I guess if it's so for. If it's so for if it's so for this would be the read-only this would be the read-only. This would be the read-only so maybe this yeah for stuff that's read so maybe this yeah for stuff that's read. So maybe this yeah for stuff that's read only maybe I mean this is maybe fine only maybe I mean this is maybe fine. Only maybe I mean this is maybe fine maybe this works like this wouldn't work maybe this works like this wouldn't work. Maybe this works like this wouldn't work if you allow people to basically yeah if you allow people to basically yeah. If you allow people to basically yeah like like like and okay allocate you know with a bunch. And okay allocate you know with a bunch and okay allocate you know with a bunch of zeros right like stuff and then. Of zeros right like stuff and then of zeros right like stuff and then later. Later later there's like a better deal because it's there's like a better deal because it's. There's like a better deal because it's you know an update but in the current you know an update but in the current. You know an update but in the current model we don't actually distinguish a model we don't actually distinguish a. Model we don't actually distinguish a create from an update create from an update. Create from an update I think it might work actually I don't I think it might work actually I don't. I think it might work actually I don't think there is a good way to sell with think there is a good way to sell with. Think there is a good way to sell with your speed just because it's owned by your speed just because it's owned by. Your speed just because it's owned by the contracts and the contracts and the contracts and. Yeah using other contracts storage and yeah using other contracts storage and yeah using other contracts storage and. Highly problematic and probably more highly problematic and probably more highly problematic and probably more. Expensive than expensive than expensive than for sun ran savings for sun ran savings. For sun ran savings what I wanted to ask in this thing is what I wanted to ask in this thing is. what I wanted to ask in this thing is how much do we actually expect how much do we actually expect. How much do we actually expect rent cost to function because I I'm kind rent cost to function because I I'm kind. Rent cost to function because I I'm kind of thinking about the model that we say of thinking about the model that we say. Of thinking about the model that we say hey there more entries are in the back hey there more entries are in the back. Hey there more entries are in the back at least the more expensive with the at least the more expensive with the. At least the more expensive with the rent rent rent but then you know his friend goes up. But then you know his friend goes up but then you know his friend goes up we should evict entries from the bucket. We should evict entries from the bucket we should evict entries from the bucket based and suddenly becomes smaller or. Based and suddenly becomes smaller or based and suddenly becomes smaller or. Yeah I'm not sure if it is a good reason yeah I'm not sure if it is a good reason. Yeah I'm not sure if it is a good reason or not because like we have just evicted. Or not because like we have just evicted or not because like we have just evicted. A bunch of entries right to make it a bunch of entries right to make it a bunch of entries right to make it. Smaller smaller smaller so so basically is it true so so basically is it true. so so basically is it true concerns those questions here I like how concerns those questions here I like how. Concerns those questions here I like how much do we actually expect that us to. Much do we actually expect that us to much do we actually expect that us to. Block trade at all and block trade at all and block trade at all and whatever we think it is. Whatever we think it is whatever we think it is higher level awake in a way that you. Higher level awake in a way that you higher level awake in a way that you know some brand can play like you may. Know some brand can play like you may know some brand can play like you may happen this happy 10 period when a bunch. Happen this happy 10 period when a bunch happen this happy 10 period when a bunch. Of entries were evicted and suddenly of entries were evicted and suddenly of entries were evicted and suddenly. Rent is cheaper for you so it costs rent is cheaper for you so it costs rent is cheaper for you so it costs. Someone inhibited someone inhibited someone inhibited so I think there's two things here. So I think there's two things here so I think there's two things here well first it's like you know. well first it's like you know well first it's like you know again back to napkin that math I don't. Again back to napkin that math I don't again back to napkin that math I don't expect it to grow very fast but also . Expect it to grow very fast but also expect it to grow very fast but also one other thing is that there is . One other thing is that there is one other thing is that there is because we are evicting in batches . Because we are evicting in batches because we are evicting in batches The Bucket List. The Bucket List The Bucket List kind of shrinks at a fixed slow rate kind of shrinks at a fixed slow rate. kind of shrinks at a fixed slow rate and so like for instance because of the and so like for instance because of the. And so like for instance because of the batching system there is no way batching system there is no way . Batching system there is no way for like say like a hundred thousand or for like say like a hundred thousand or. For like say like a hundred thousand or like a million entries to be batched like a million entries to be batched. Like a million entries to be batched in one Ledger and then all of a in one Ledger and then all of a. in one Ledger and then all of a sudden the Buckle is price dramatically sudden the Buckle is price dramatically. Sudden the Buckle is price dramatically decreases and you saved a ton of money decreases and you saved a ton of money. Decreases and you saved a ton of money if you would just like put your if you would just like put your. If you would just like put your or create your entry or paid rent or create your entry or paid rent. or create your entry or paid rent like one Ledger later that's not like one Ledger later that's not. Like one Ledger later that's not possible so I think generally speaking possible so I think generally speaking. Possible so I think generally speaking the way that the fee structure is set the way that the fee structure is set. The way that the fee structure is set up you have a slow growth and slow up you have a slow growth and slow. Up you have a slow growth and slow Decline and you shouldn't have ever Decline and you shouldn't have ever. Decline and you shouldn't have ever have like any of these big jumps have like any of these big jumps . Have like any of these big jumps either like a big jump up or a big jump either like a big jump up or a big jump. Either like a big jump up or a big jump down it's more like over time you can down it's more like over time you can. Down it's more like over time you can see significant see significant see significant. increase or decrease but you know increase or decrease but you know increase or decrease but you know. Between individual Ledger or on a short between individual Ledger or on a short between individual Ledger or on a short. Time frame you should only see time frame you should only see time frame you should only see . Gradual declines and gradual increases you know of those Temporaries you know you know of those Temporaries you know. Like if we depending if we allow like if we depending if we allow like if we depending if we allow. Temporaries to go all the way to let's Temporaries to go all the way to let's Temporaries to go all the way to let's. Say level nine say level nine say level nine you would you could actually see a big. You would you could actually see a big you would you could actually see a big drop in . Drop in drop in in natural space in larger size you know in natural space in larger size you know. In natural space in larger size you know with basically the with basically the with basically the. When you adopt the the bucket that when you adopt the the bucket that when you adopt the the bucket that. Has all those things actually deleted and yeah I'm just trying to think and yeah I'm just trying to think. About it from the perspective of one about it from the perspective of one about it from the perspective of one. Create entries and you know I'm create entries and you know I'm create entries and you know I'm. I'm thinking about like how big is that I'm thinking about like how big is that I'm thinking about like how big is that. Downside of like doing the entry downside of like doing the entry downside of like doing the entry. Lifetime basically time based and not lifetime basically time based and not lifetime basically time based and not. Fan page so that you know because we fan page so that you know because we fan page so that you know because we. Have discussed in the Summers right have discussed in the Summers right have discussed in the Summers right. With your pain for a certain time period with your pain for a certain time period. With your pain for a certain time period beforehand right when you're pumping the. Beforehand right when you're pumping the beforehand right when you're pumping the. Rent and we would edit the central based rent and we would edit the central based. Rent and we would edit the central based on this claim period and not based on on this claim period and not based on. On this claim period and not based on the variable Fury so even you know the the variable Fury so even you know the. The variable Fury so even you know the fluctuations and the price and the the fluctuations and the price and the the. Fluctuations and the price and the the soil grows I wonder how soil grows I wonder how. Soil grows I wonder how how big is the impact of this approach how big is the impact of this approach. How big is the impact of this approach would be compared to the doing would be compared to the doing. Would be compared to the doing completely Dynamic Grant which completely Dynamic Grant which. Completely Dynamic Grant which pronouncement in the end and upon pronouncement in the end and upon. Pronouncement in the end and upon average being the same as you have paid average being the same as you have paid. Average being the same as you have paid at the current rate before and for the at the current rate before and for the. At the current rate before and for the whole period whole period whole period I think that if you go and I think. I think that if you go and I think I think that if you go and I think this is probably a number that makes. This is probably a number that makes this is probably a number that makes sense right well if we say okay let's . Sense right well if we say okay let's sense right well if we say okay let's . Yeah fix you know rent in in granity yeah fix you know rent in in granity yeah fix you know rent in in granity. Or like I don't know like six let's say or like I don't know like six let's say or like I don't know like six let's say. Six months yeah I don't know some number six months yeah I don't know some number. Six months yeah I don't know some number right right right what happens with that is the. what happens with that is the what happens with that is the you end up with. You end up with you end up with    basically biasing Grant so that the. Basically biasing Grant so that the newer countries like rights basically to newer countries like rights basically to. Newer countries like rights basically to The Ledger The Ledger The Ledger become a lot more expensive than. Become a lot more expensive than become a lot more expensive than than existing things like you have. than existing things like you have than existing things like you have like this you know things get. Like this you know things get like this you know things get grandfather a little bit right in the. Grandfather a little bit right in the grandfather a little bit right in the system. System system so that's where like you know if you so that's where like you know if you. So that's where like you know if you pick that number let's say you say like pick that number let's say you say like. Pick that number let's say you say like okay you know you can you get fixed run okay you know you can you get fixed run. Okay you know you can you get fixed run for like five years right for like five years right. For like five years right as a way to kind of think about what as a way to kind of think about what. As a way to kind of think about what happens right like you basically are happens right like you basically are. Happens right like you basically are locking people locking people locking people. That create entries now right when the that create entries now right when the that create entries now right when the. Ledger is small Ledger is small Ledger is small to have like a really good deal and. To have like a really good deal and to have like a really good deal and let's say in four years The Ledger is. Let's say in four years The Ledger is let's say in four years The Ledger is much bigger and storage is much more. Much bigger and storage is much more much bigger and storage is much more expensive at that point. Expensive at that point expensive at that point those entries that prepaid those entries that prepaid. Those entries that prepaid like you know have a very big Advantage like you know have a very big Advantage. Like you know have a very big Advantage compared to entries that compared to entries that. Compared to entries that that we try you know that try to get that we try you know that try to get. That we try you know that try to get added to the Ledger at that time if you make that number like depending. If you make that number like depending on how big that number is you create on how big that number is you create. On how big that number is you create potentially this big bias potentially this big bias. Potentially this big bias right yeah that's that's yeah exact right yeah that's that's yeah exact. Right yeah that's that's yeah exact location I understand we have I'm just location I understand we have I'm just. Location I understand we have I'm just wondering like wondering like wondering like. If you bounce or later size the rent if you bounce or later size the rent if you bounce or later size the rent. Costs have this has has some bound as costs have this has has some bound as costs have this has has some bound as. Well right and let's say the reaches well right and let's say the reaches well right and let's say the reaches. Bound in a year theoretically that means Bound in a year theoretically that means. Bound in a year theoretically that means that you know your five years of rent that you know your five years of rent. That you know your five years of rent the growth should be only during this the growth should be only during this. The growth should be only during this first year and then I mean four years first year and then I mean four years. First year and then I mean four years would be it about constant rate would be it about constant rate. Would be it about constant rate I mean I mean I mean look at me like basically kind of a bit. Look at me like basically kind of a bit look at me like basically kind of a bit concerned about the mask going into this. Concerned about the mask going into this concerned about the mask going into this. Ledger bounding because Ledger bounding because Ledger bounding because at some point you are going to reach the. At some point you are going to reach the at some point you are going to reach the. Touch over you know you would be leaking touch over you know you would be leaking. Touch over you know you would be leaking entries and then that's it's more or entries and then that's it's more or. Entries and then that's it's more or less constant and then you don't expect less constant and then you don't expect. Less constant and then you don't expect much changes so much changes so much changes so. Yeah I mean it's kind of weird like I yeah I mean it's kind of weird like I yeah I mean it's kind of weird like I. I'm not sure I understand the mechanisms I'm not sure I understand the mechanisms. I'm not sure I understand the mechanisms that would cause the like let's say they. That would cause the like let's say they that would cause the like let's say they. Are very close to the bound are very close to the bound are very close to the bound. what will be the rent increase what will be the rent increase what will be the rent increase. Mechanisms that pushes the entries out mechanisms that pushes the entries out mechanisms that pushes the entries out. Of the ratio basically because you know of the ratio basically because you know of the ratio basically because you know. Like they are near the bound already do we have it or not do we have it or not understand. Yeah I'm not sure actually you're saying yeah I'm not sure actually you're saying. You're asking if so basically you want you're asking if so basically you want you're asking if so basically you want. To rent to rent to rent you need to be a function of the ledger you need to be a function of the ledger. You need to be a function of the ledger size right yeah but we also want the size right yeah but we also want the. Size right yeah but we also want the virtual size to be bounded it's some virtual size to be bounded it's some. Virtual size to be bounded it's some upper bound upper bound upper bound right yeah so essentially like the. Right yeah so essentially like the right yeah so essentially like the the idea being that the the cost of. The idea being that the the cost of the idea being that the the cost of writing a new entry and the fee rate. Writing a new entry and the fee rate writing a new entry and the fee rate as you approach the upper bound is. as you approach the upper bound is as you approach the upper bound is asymptotic towards Infinity is kind of. Asymptotic towards Infinity is kind of asymptotic towards Infinity is kind of the intention. Yes but it's ensuring but how does this yes but it's ensuring but how does this work practice like what happens when we. Work practice like what happens when we work practice like what happens when we are near zapper bound like. Are near zapper bound like are near zapper bound like can we not create any entries at all. I mean that's kind of it's not that I mean that's kind of it's not that you cannot create entries it's just that. You cannot create entries it's just that you cannot create entries it's just that. They become very expensive so in they become very expensive so in they become very expensive so in. Practice you kind of stall practice you kind of stall practice you kind of stall. Metal isn't that the same transfer an metal isn't that the same transfer an metal isn't that the same transfer an. Issue you have basically issue you have basically issue you have basically instead of like saying that yeah. Instead of like saying that yeah instead of like saying that yeah interests were just created for cheaper. Interests were just created for cheaper interests were just created for cheaper here we say that answers will just wait. Here we say that answers will just wait here we say that answers will just wait people were just able to get entries. People were just able to get entries people were just able to get entries Into The Ledger then is prohibitively. Into The Ledger then is prohibitively Into The Ledger then is prohibitively expensive to get new entries to The. Expensive to get new entries to The expensive to get new entries to The Ledger Ledger. Ledger until the older entries are evicted until the older entries are evicted until the older entries are evicted. Yeah there's definitely an issue if we yeah there's definitely an issue if we yeah there's definitely an issue if we. Have like have like have like like I guess we'll call it rent control like I guess we'll call it rent control. Like I guess we'll call it rent control I feel like there's definitely an I feel like there's definitely an. I feel like there's definitely an issue if you have like long life rank issue if you have like long life rank. Issue if you have like long life rank controlled items controlled items controlled items. Because essentially like kind of at the because essentially like kind of at the because essentially like kind of at the. Most extreme if you had a lot of buy-in most extreme if you had a lot of buy-in most extreme if you had a lot of buy-in. For like five or ten year entries for like five or ten year entries for like five or ten year entries. then essentially your network would then essentially your network would then essentially your network would. Help because there could be no other help because there could be no other help because there could be no other. Additional entries created and so you'd additional entries created and so you'd additional entries created and so you'd. Have to wait until these rent controlled have to wait until these rent controlled. Have to wait until these rent controlled entries default on their event which entries default on their event which. Entries default on their event which would take 10 years at the most extreme would take 10 years at the most extreme. Would take 10 years at the most extreme and so I think if we go this rent and so I think if we go this rent. And so I think if we go this rent control approach we'd have to make sure control approach we'd have to make sure. Control approach we'd have to make sure there's a very reasonable upper bound as there's a very reasonable upper bound as. There's a very reasonable upper bound as to how much rent you could pay to how much rent you could pay. To how much rent you could pay and so like 10 years would definitely and so like 10 years would definitely. and so like 10 years would definitely be too much I mean maybe one year but I be too much I mean maybe one year but I. Be too much I mean maybe one year but I think we definitely have to Upper bound think we definitely have to Upper bound. Think we definitely have to Upper bound it it it to kind of avoid this this network. to kind of avoid this this network to kind of avoid this this network being flooded with cheap entries and not. Being flooded with cheap entries and not being flooded with cheap entries and not. Allowing any other entries to join allowing any other entries to join allowing any other entries to join. Because it's prohibitively expensive because it's prohibitively expensive because it's prohibitively expensive. Right and then basically if we need some right and then basically if we need some. Right and then basically if we need some kind of bond anyway like can we then kind of bond anyway like can we then. Kind of bond anyway like can we then consider that time-based option because consider that time-based option because. Consider that time-based option because like it seems like even the current like it seems like even the current. Like it seems like even the current approach we have issues with very approach we have issues with very. Approach we have issues with very long-lived entries ready to be what the long-lived entries ready to be what the. Long-lived entries ready to be what the interest is super long leads to entries interest is super long leads to entries. Interest is super long leads to entries like we get people's basically needs to like we get people's basically needs to. Like we get people's basically needs to learn that exponential increase in rate learn that exponential increase in rate. Learn that exponential increase in rate and then we get all of them evicted and and then we get all of them evicted and. And then we get all of them evicted and then we get them all or create then we get them all or create. Then we get them all or create deployment rates that were created for deployment rates that were created for. Deployment rates that were created for very cheap very cheap very cheap so it seems like it is problematic no. so it seems like it is problematic no so it seems like it is problematic no. Matter what matter what matter what I want to say we are at time now it's I want to say we are at time now it's. I want to say we are at time now it's an interesting discussion but I think we. An interesting discussion but I think we an interesting discussion but I think we. Gotta pause it Garen do you have what gotta pause it Garen do you have what gotta pause it Garen do you have what. You need to move forward do you know you need to move forward do you know you need to move forward do you know. What the next steps are is there any what the next steps are is there any what the next steps are is there any. Crucial thing that's blocking you that crucial thing that's blocking you that crucial thing that's blocking you that. We need to address are you good we need to address are you good we need to address are you good. Yeah I think from my end I'm I'm pretty yeah I think from my end I'm I'm pretty yeah I think from my end I'm I'm pretty. Good I have a timeline and then this good I have a timeline and then this good I have a timeline and then this. Cap proposal for rent and temporary cap proposal for rent and temporary cap proposal for rent and temporary. Interest I want to release and then we interest I want to release and then we interest I want to release and then we. Can talk about more on the Google Docs I can talk about more on the Google Docs I. Can talk about more on the Google Docs I think this this time-bound versus think this this time-bound versus. Think this this time-bound versus variable rate is still an open variable rate is still an open. Variable rate is still an open question that needs to be solved question that needs to be solved. Question that needs to be solved but I think you know there's still but I think you know there's still. but I think you know there's still plenty to to you know get done plenty to to you know get done. Plenty to to you know get done outside of that and is your intention outside of that and is your intention. Outside of that and is your intention when you complete the next iteration or when you complete the next iteration or. When you complete the next iteration or the next draft to to share it here so the next draft to to share it here so. The next draft to to share it here so that people can can review it again that people can can review it again. That people can can review it again what's the story with that yeah yeah so what's the story with that yeah yeah so. What's the story with that yeah yeah so this will be a public document this will be a public document. This will be a public document kind of the ideas like we have the kind of the ideas like we have the. kind of the ideas like we have the timeline and then we'll be linking caps timeline and then we'll be linking caps. Timeline and then we'll be linking caps off the timeline and so this is just the off the timeline and so this is just the. Off the timeline and so this is just the the initial cap of that timeline and the initial cap of that timeline and. the initial cap of that timeline and so both the timeline and the the so both the timeline and the the. So both the timeline and the the draft caps will be publicly available draft caps will be publicly available. Draft caps will be publicly available awesome cool thank you so much well good awesome cool thank you so much well good. Awesome cool thank you so much well good discussion super interesting thanks discussion super interesting thanks. Discussion super interesting thanks everybody everybody everybody we will likely have one of these next. we will likely have one of these next we will likely have one of these next. Week and stay tuned keep keep your eyes week and stay tuned keep keep your eyes week and stay tuned keep keep your eyes. Peeled for the the drafts that Garand peeled for the the drafts that Garand peeled for the the drafts that Garand. Will share will share will share obviously async feedback is also obviously async feedback is also. obviously async feedback is also super helpful just to keep these super helpful just to keep these. Super helpful just to keep these discussions moving forward discussions moving forward. Discussions moving forward see you all soon.
