Who don't know me my name is Denelle who don't know me my name is Denelle Dixon and I'm the CEO and executive. Dixon and I'm the CEO and executive Dixon and I'm the CEO and executive director of the Stellar development. Director of the Stellar development director of the Stellar development foundation also known as SDF the Stellar. Foundation also known as SDF the Stellar foundation also known as SDF the Stellar. Development foundation is a non-profit development foundation is a non-profit development foundation is a non-profit. That supports the growth of and the that supports the growth of and the that supports the growth of and the. Ecosystem of the ecosystem and of the ecosystem of the ecosystem and of the ecosystem of the ecosystem and of the. Stellar Network which is an open source Stellar Network which is an open source Stellar Network which is an open source. Public blockchain network I'm really public blockchain network I'm really public blockchain network I'm really. Excited to be here today and introduce excited to be here today and introduce excited to be here today and introduce. You to Ginger Baker she's sdf's newest you to Ginger Baker she's sdf's newest you to Ginger Baker she's sdf's newest. Board member today we're going to learn board member today we're going to learn board member today we're going to learn. A little bit about Ginger and her career a little bit about Ginger and her career. A little bit about Ginger and her career her journey what Drew her to sdf's work her journey what Drew her to sdf's work. Her journey what Drew her to sdf's work and the direction that she sees out and the direction that she sees out. And the direction that she sees out there for the industry and where our there for the industry and where our. There for the industry and where our industry is headed hello Ginger hi danil industry is headed hello Ginger hi danil. Industry is headed hello Ginger hi danil thanks so much for having me it's fun to. Thanks so much for having me it's fun to thanks so much for having me it's fun to. Be here so it's so great to have you and be here so it's so great to have you and. Be here so it's so great to have you and to kick us off I was hoping that you to kick us off I was hoping that you. To kick us off I was hoping that you could tell us just a little bit about could tell us just a little bit about. Could tell us just a little bit about yourself sure so I'm Ginger Baker yourself sure so I'm Ginger Baker. Yourself sure so I'm Ginger Baker I live in Northern California I live in Northern California. I live in Northern California I grew up in various parts of the US I grew up in various parts of the US. I grew up in various parts of the US but I do consider myself a global but I do consider myself a global. But I do consider myself a global citizen hopefully or working towards citizen hopefully or working towards. Citizen hopefully or working towards that through some of the work I've done that through some of the work I've done. That through some of the work I've done I have two kids and a wonderful I have two kids and a wonderful. I have two kids and a wonderful husband and a brand new dog so those are husband and a brand new dog so those are. Husband and a brand new dog so those are probably the the great Facts of Life probably the the great Facts of Life . Probably the the great Facts of Life I'm also about that brand new dog doing I'm also about that brand new dog doing. I'm also about that brand new dog doing I'm sorry sorry what was that I said I'm sorry sorry what was that I said. I'm sorry sorry what was that I said how's the brand new dog doing he's great how's the brand new dog doing he's great. How's the brand new dog doing he's great he's great he's still very much a puppy he's great he's still very much a puppy. He's great he's still very much a puppy so less than a year so less than a year. so less than a year but he's fun he's fuzzy he's like the but he's fun he's fuzzy he's like the. but he's fun he's fuzzy he's like the fuzziest dog he's almost like a fuzziest dog he's almost like a. Fuzziest dog he's almost like a he's almost like a stuffed animal with he's almost like a stuffed animal with. He's almost like a stuffed animal with all the fur so we're enjoying him very all the fur so we're enjoying him very. All the fur so we're enjoying him very much much much yeah so that's a little bit about me. yeah so that's a little bit about me yeah so that's a little bit about me also I'm my son's basketball coach which. Also I'm my son's basketball coach which also I'm my son's basketball coach which. Is a very big deal for me because I'm a is a very big deal for me because I'm a is a very big deal for me because I'm a. Huge basketball fan and I've played my huge basketball fan and I've played my huge basketball fan and I've played my. Entire life entire life entire life so I'm the coach of the middle school so I'm the coach of the middle school. so I'm the coach of the middle school basketball team right now which is basketball team right now which is. Basketball team right now which is definitely a favorite thing for me each definitely a favorite thing for me each. Definitely a favorite thing for me each year year year and how about your career yeah so my. And how about your career yeah so my and how about your career yeah so my career has really centered around you. Career has really centered around you career has really centered around you know that intersection between. Know that intersection between know that intersection between technology and how it can be applied. Technology and how it can be applied technology and how it can be applied applied to economic empowerment so if. Applied to economic empowerment so if applied to economic empowerment so if you think about that intersection the. You think about that intersection the you think about that intersection the topic of financial inclusion has really. Topic of financial inclusion has really topic of financial inclusion has really been the thread that's tied almost all. Been the thread that's tied almost all been the thread that's tied almost all of my experiences and roles together so. Of my experiences and roles together so of my experiences and roles together so I've worked on financial included. I've worked on financial included I've worked on financial included related products or ecosystems or. Related products or ecosystems or related products or ecosystems or relationships or whatever it happens to. Relationships or whatever it happens to relationships or whatever it happens to be at both big Tech so I worked at. Be at both big Tech so I worked at be at both big Tech so I worked at Facebook traditional financial services. Facebook traditional financial services Facebook traditional financial services company are more traditional companies. Company are more traditional companies company are more traditional companies like visa and then startups like Ripple. Like visa and then startups like Ripple like visa and then startups like Ripple and square and I'm now the head of. And square and I'm now the head of and square and I'm now the head of financial access at plaid. Financial access at plaid financial access at plaid and that's I've been really excited. and that's I've been really excited and that's I've been really excited about my career like taking the approach. About my career like taking the approach about my career like taking the approach. Of looking at the problem space or the of looking at the problem space or the of looking at the problem space or the. Opportunity space from a lot of opportunity space from a lot of opportunity space from a lot of. Different frames has been fun I also different frames has been fun I also different frames has been fun I also. Tend to you know sort of dive in deep tend to you know sort of dive in deep tend to you know sort of dive in deep. Into a particular Market or segment for into a particular Market or segment for into a particular Market or segment for. A particular period of time and then I a particular period of time and then I a particular period of time and then I. Also sort of pull back to look at stuff also sort of pull back to look at stuff also sort of pull back to look at stuff. More from a macro standpoint so I spent more from a macro standpoint so I spent more from a macro standpoint so I spent. A lot of time with with visa and Rwanda a lot of time with with visa and Rwanda a lot of time with with visa and Rwanda. When I was working on financial services when I was working on financial services. When I was working on financial services in messenger in the Philippines in messenger in the Philippines. In messenger in the Philippines and so yeah my role at Platt is to and so yeah my role at Platt is to. and so yeah my role at Platt is to build the tech and the relationships build the tech and the relationships. Build the tech and the relationships that help people to have access to that help people to have access to. That help people to have access to completely portable financial data so completely portable financial data so. Completely portable financial data so that you can take the financial data that you can take the financial data. That you can take the financial data that sits in your bank account or your that sits in your bank account or your. That sits in your bank account or your crypto account or wherever it resides crypto account or wherever it resides. Crypto account or wherever it resides and move that data to another and move that data to another. And move that data to another application or service to Avail application or service to Avail. Application or service to Avail yourselves of the value of that service yourselves of the value of that service. Yourselves of the value of that service well we found Ginger because we thought well we found Ginger because we thought. Well we found Ginger because we thought her background was just fascinating and her background was just fascinating and. Her background was just fascinating and we thought it really connected so well we thought it really connected so well. We thought it really connected so well with the focus areas for SDF but with the focus areas for SDF but. With the focus areas for SDF but honestly Ginger and I really bonded over honestly Ginger and I really bonded over. Honestly Ginger and I really bonded over this whole Middle School basketball this whole Middle School basketball. This whole Middle School basketball thing thing thing and we know we know how challenging that. And we know we know how challenging that and we know we know how challenging that. Is so I just love the fact that you're is so I just love the fact that you're is so I just love the fact that you're. The coach and I know how hard that is on the coach and I know how hard that is on. The coach and I know how hard that is on so many levels first of all I want to so many levels first of all I want to. So many levels first of all I want to have fun playing on your team but also have fun playing on your team but also. Have fun playing on your team but also just to be the coach of Middle School just to be the coach of Middle School. Just to be the coach of Middle School boys boys boys to be clear I think if our kids actually. To be clear I think if our kids actually to be clear I think if our kids actually. Played against each other we might not played against each other we might not played against each other we might not. Be in this relationship for a career be in this relationship for a career be in this relationship for a career. Standpoint because I don't think we standpoint because I don't think we standpoint because I don't think we. Could it was fierce it would be too could it was fierce it would be too could it was fierce it would be too. Competitive I think competitive I think competitive I think I'd love to dig a bit deeper into. I'd love to dig a bit deeper into I'd love to dig a bit deeper into your career Journey so with stepping. Your career Journey so with stepping your career Journey so with stepping into leadership roles like the one you. Into leadership roles like the one you into leadership roles like the one you have now and the ones you've had before. Have now and the ones you've had before have now and the ones you've had before sort of always a part of your plan. Sort of always a part of your plan sort of always a part of your plan interesting question part of my plan. interesting question part of my plan interesting question part of my plan no I think. No I think no I think you know I definitely would say being a you know I definitely would say being a. You know I definitely would say being a leader has generally been something I've leader has generally been something I've. Leader has generally been something I've stumbled into I I've been a leader for a. Stumbled into I I've been a leader for a stumbled into I I've been a leader for a. Good chunk of my life I mean even as a good chunk of my life I mean even as a good chunk of my life I mean even as a. As a child you know in high school for as a child you know in high school for as a child you know in high school for. Example I was the president of our class example I was the president of our class. Example I was the president of our class but I wasn't wasn't because I but I wasn't wasn't because I. but I wasn't wasn't because I intentionally wanted to be that I just intentionally wanted to be that I just. Intentionally wanted to be that I just there was something I was interested in there was something I was interested in. There was something I was interested in or a topic I wanted to pursue or or a topic I wanted to pursue or. Or a topic I wanted to pursue or something I was curious about and I something I was curious about and I. Something I was curious about and I wanted to go and do it wanted to go and do it. Wanted to go and do it and so that's you know I guess it and so that's you know I guess it. and so that's you know I guess it wasn't so much of a strategy around it wasn't so much of a strategy around it. Wasn't so much of a strategy around it as as as good luck perhaps like being as as as good luck perhaps like being. As as as good luck perhaps like being in the right place at the right time and. In the right place at the right time and in the right place at the right time and. Just caring enough to want to like lead just caring enough to want to like lead just caring enough to want to like lead. A group of people through something and a group of people through something and a group of people through something and. I think from a career standpoint it's I think from a career standpoint it's I think from a career standpoint it's. It's been fairly it's been fairly it's been fairly it's been fairly it's been fairly it's been fairly. Similar similar similar where again like this this where again like this this. where again like this this intersection of technology and economic intersection of technology and economic. Intersection of technology and economic development I just I am really development I just I am really. Development I just I am really fascinated with it and I always have fascinated with it and I always have. Fascinated with it and I always have been and so I have a lot of passion for been and so I have a lot of passion for. Been and so I have a lot of passion for that topic and so I will apply that that topic and so I will apply that. That topic and so I will apply that passion and try to bring people along passion and try to bring people along. Passion and try to bring people along with me with me with me to go explore something new or take a. to go explore something new or take a to go explore something new or take a. Look at something and again I think look at something and again I think look at something and again I think. Being in the right place at the right being in the right place at the right being in the right place at the right. Time has often been a part of time has often been a part of time has often been a part of. Getting into leadership roles getting into leadership roles getting into leadership roles. so like at the Forefront of maybe a so like at the Forefront of maybe a so like at the Forefront of maybe a. New technological advancement like the new technological advancement like the new technological advancement like the. Proliferation of mobile devices or proliferation of mobile devices or proliferation of mobile devices or. you know some some kind of social you know some some kind of social you know some some kind of social. Change like the adoption of messaging change like the adoption of messaging. Change like the adoption of messaging services being such a central part in services being such a central part in. Services being such a central part in people's lives through WhatsApp and people's lives through WhatsApp and. People's lives through WhatsApp and messenger so it's it's been a lot of messenger so it's it's been a lot of. Messenger so it's it's been a lot of luck but also because I really care luck but also because I really care. Luck but also because I really care about the topics I work on and I try to about the topics I work on and I try to. About the topics I work on and I try to get people to come along with me get people to come along with me. Get people to come along with me as we explore those opportunities as we explore those opportunities. as we explore those opportunities I can't imagine that it's always been I can't imagine that it's always been. I can't imagine that it's always been easy for you to step up into these easy for you to step up into these. Easy for you to step up into these different roles do you have a particular different roles do you have a particular. Different roles do you have a particular memory of something that was challenging. Memory of something that was challenging memory of something that was challenging. That made you even be better or that that made you even be better or that that made you even be better or that. Caused you to think about things caused you to think about things caused you to think about things. Differently differently differently yeah I think yeah I think yeah I think . Communication has been a big piece of my communication has been a big piece of my. Communication has been a big piece of my Evolution Evolution Evolution and I re I remembered times when I felt. And I re I remembered times when I felt and I re I remembered times when I felt like I couldn't quite get my point. Like I couldn't quite get my point like I couldn't quite get my point across and across and. Across and you know maybe sitting in a room with you know maybe sitting in a room with. you know maybe sitting in a room with with other leaders with other leaders with other leaders. you know and I think the intersection you know and I think the intersection. you know and I think the intersection of sometimes the male female Dynamic has. Of sometimes the male female Dynamic has of sometimes the male female Dynamic has. Always been a little bit interesting in always been a little bit interesting in always been a little bit interesting in. My career but there's certainly been my career but there's certainly been my career but there's certainly been. Moments when I felt like I couldn't moments when I felt like I couldn't moments when I felt like I couldn't. Quite get my voice to be strong enough quite get my voice to be strong enough quite get my voice to be strong enough. And and and oftentimes my team will attest to oftentimes my team will attest to. oftentimes my team will attest to this I love to draw on the whiteboards this I love to draw on the whiteboards. This I love to draw on the whiteboards and I think that this was actually a and I think that this was actually a. And I think that this was actually a tool I developed because I couldn't get tool I developed because I couldn't get. Tool I developed because I couldn't get people to listen in a way that I thought people to listen in a way that I thought. People to listen in a way that I thought I was being well understood or given I was being well understood or given. I was being well understood or given proper a proper forum and so I would say proper a proper forum and so I would say. Proper a proper forum and so I would say something I didn't feel like people were. Something I didn't feel like people were something I didn't feel like people were. Listening the people were talking over listening the people were talking over listening the people were talking over. Me or my point of view wasn't coming me or my point of view wasn't coming me or my point of view wasn't coming. Across I would just stand up and draw it across I would just stand up and draw it. Across I would just stand up and draw it out that doesn't always work because I'm. Out that doesn't always work because I'm out that doesn't always work because I'm. Not great at drawing nor do I have good not great at drawing nor do I have good not great at drawing nor do I have good. Handwriting but sometimes just like handwriting but sometimes just like handwriting but sometimes just like. Documenting the idea would sometimes documenting the idea would sometimes documenting the idea would sometimes. Help to get that through so help to get that through so help to get that through so. Communication tactics and they have to communication tactics and they have to communication tactics and they have to. Be different in every situation be different in every situation be different in every situation. you know has been something I've you know has been something I've you know has been something I've. Continued to try to pay attention to and continued to try to pay attention to and. Continued to try to pay attention to and evolve based on the situation and the evolve based on the situation and the. Evolve based on the situation and the group of people I'm with group of people I'm with. Group of people I'm with you just mentioned that maybe it was the you just mentioned that maybe it was the. You just mentioned that maybe it was the male female dynamic or just the fact male female dynamic or just the fact. Male female dynamic or just the fact that you were a woman in a leadership that you were a woman in a leadership. That you were a woman in a leadership role tell us more about the challenges role tell us more about the challenges. Role tell us more about the challenges or the misnomers or maybe the benefits or the misnomers or maybe the benefits. Or the misnomers or maybe the benefits about being a woman in a leadership about being a woman in a leadership. About being a woman in a leadership position position position yeah I mean yeah I mean . Yeah I mean I think there's I think there's I think there's this balance you need to strike as a. This balance you need to strike as a this balance you need to strike as a female leader between. Female leader between female leader between being assertive and being likable and. Being assertive and being likable and being assertive and being likable and that's not always easy and I think early. That's not always easy and I think early that's not always easy and I think early. In my career in my career in my career I really over indexed on on the I really over indexed on on the. I really over indexed on on the likability like if people like me this likability like if people like me this. Likability like if people like me this will this will go well and I was a will this will go well and I was a. Will this will go well and I was a little nervous about being too assertive little nervous about being too assertive. Little nervous about being too assertive I think also because the expectation is I think also because the expectation is. I think also because the expectation is that I wouldn't have been a service that I wouldn't have been a service. That I wouldn't have been a service and so it felt like sort of and so it felt like sort of. and so it felt like sort of overriding expectations that folks may overriding expectations that folks may. Overriding expectations that folks may have had have had have had but I had this great mentor. but I had this great mentor but I had this great mentor still do Sarah fryer she was the. still do Sarah fryer she was the still do Sarah fryer she was the CFO at Square when I worked there and. CFO at Square when I worked there and CFO at Square when I worked there and she's now the CEO of Nextdoor and I. She's now the CEO of Nextdoor and I she's now the CEO of Nextdoor and I remember she told me one time I just. Remember she told me one time I just remember she told me one time I just looked really directly like it doesn't. Looked really directly like it doesn't looked really directly like it doesn't matter if they like you like you just. Matter if they like you like you just matter if they like you like you just need to make sure they respect you right. Need to make sure they respect you right need to make sure they respect you right. And so what is the combination of how and so what is the combination of how and so what is the combination of how. You need to exist that drives respect you need to exist that drives respect you need to exist that drives respect. Over likability and I think for women over likability and I think for women over likability and I think for women. Unfortunately or maybe fortunately that unfortunately or maybe fortunately that unfortunately or maybe fortunately that. Likability component is an important likability component is an important likability component is an important. Part of of what we do and how we exist part of of what we do and how we exist part of of what we do and how we exist. In the world and we are we even carry in the world and we are we even carry in the world and we are we even carry. Our own biases around that too our own biases around that too our own biases around that too. but having somebody say that so but having somebody say that so but having somebody say that so. Directly to me which is like you're over directly to me which is like you're over. Directly to me which is like you're over indexing on likability like make sure indexing on likability like make sure. Indexing on likability like make sure you're investing on respect was was a you're investing on respect was was a. You're investing on respect was was a really good like waking up moment for me really good like waking up moment for me. Really good like waking up moment for me oh I think that is such a great piece of. Oh I think that is such a great piece of oh I think that is such a great piece of. Advice one that I didn't get early advice one that I didn't get early advice one that I didn't get early. Enough in my career and I definitely enough in my career and I definitely enough in my career and I definitely. Over rotated on the likability I gotta over rotated on the likability I gotta over rotated on the likability I gotta. Be honest sometimes I still do sometimes be honest sometimes I still do sometimes. Be honest sometimes I still do sometimes I see out there the social media I see out there the social media. I see out there the social media responses to things we do or we say and responses to things we do or we say and. Responses to things we do or we say and I'm like really I'm like really I'm like really. so I definitely feel like it's so I definitely feel like it's so I definitely feel like it's. Something it's a journey that we all can something it's a journey that we all can. Something it's a journey that we all can probably not just women that we all probably not just women that we all. probably not just women that we all can benefit from that kind of advice can benefit from that kind of advice. Can benefit from that kind of advice sometimes I think that there's more sometimes I think that there's more. sometimes I think that there's more that we can learn from the failures that that we can learn from the failures that. That we can learn from the failures that we've had than our successes I always we've had than our successes I always. We've had than our successes I always tell my boys this that every failure is tell my boys this that every failure is. Tell my boys this that every failure is a chance for you to do something a chance for you to do something. A chance for you to do something differently next time so anything that differently next time so anything that. Differently next time so anything that you'd share along those lines and what you'd share along those lines and what. You'd share along those lines and what you've learned in those processes yeah I you've learned in those processes yeah I. You've learned in those processes yeah I mean I mean I've made a lot of you know mean I mean I've made a lot of you know. Mean I mean I've made a lot of you know mistakes or you know failed quite mistakes or you know failed quite. Mistakes or you know failed quite a bit I failed early in in hiring a bit I failed early in in hiring. A bit I failed early in in hiring like I was not a great I did not hire like I was not a great I did not hire. Like I was not a great I did not hire great early in my career and I think great early in my career and I think. Great early in my career and I think you know getting the right people on. You know getting the right people on you know getting the right people on your team is super important and it's. Your team is super important and it's your team is super important and it's not something that you're going to wake. Not something that you're going to wake not something that you're going to wake up in the morning one day and be like. Up in the morning one day and be like up in the morning one day and be like I'm going to become a manager and I'm. I'm going to become a manager and I'm I'm going to become a manager and I'm going to be really great at hiring like. Going to be really great at hiring like going to be really great at hiring like you know you really have to work at it. You know you really have to work at it you know you really have to work at it you have to understand like what makes. You have to understand like what makes you have to understand like what makes great team members and and how do you. Great team members and and how do you great team members and and how do you hire correctly but but not all failures. Hire correctly but but not all failures hire correctly but but not all failures I mean if you're if you're watching the. I mean if you're if you're watching the I mean if you're if you're watching the evolution of something that you're. Evolution of something that you're evolution of something that you're working on that's sort of starting to go. Working on that's sort of starting to go working on that's sort of starting to go. Off track like you can turn that failure off track like you can turn that failure. Off track like you can turn that failure into into opportunities into into opportunities. Into into opportunities certainly when I was working for Visa certainly when I was working for Visa. certainly when I was working for Visa in Rwanda we went there with a in Rwanda we went there with a. In Rwanda we went there with a singular intention was still was to singular intention was still was to. Singular intention was still was to launch a Visa's First branchless Banking launch a Visa's First branchless Banking. Launch a Visa's First branchless Banking product so this was a product that product so this was a product that. Product so this was a product that existed only on mobile devices and did existed only on mobile devices and did. Existed only on mobile devices and did not have a plastic card Associated and not have a plastic card Associated and. Not have a plastic card Associated and this was back in you know 2011 when I this was back in you know 2011 when I. This was back in you know 2011 when I moved to Kigali so this was like a very moved to Kigali so this was like a very. Moved to Kigali so this was like a very interesting idea at the time and mobile interesting idea at the time and mobile. Interesting idea at the time and mobile money was starting to take off in East money was starting to take off in East. Money was starting to take off in East Africa but it started with a very Africa but it started with a very. Africa but it started with a very singular product proposition we're going singular product proposition we're going. Singular product proposition we're going to go and do this product to go and do this product. To go and do this product but as we begin to hit different but as we begin to hit different. but as we begin to hit different challenges and roadblocks challenges and roadblocks. Challenges and roadblocks in that the evolution of that product in that the evolution of that product. in that the evolution of that product we began to understand stand actually it. We began to understand stand actually it we began to understand stand actually it. Was because the environment there and was because the environment there and was because the environment there and. The government that we were working with the government that we were working with. The government that we were working with in Rwanda was was needing more from us in Rwanda was was needing more from us. In Rwanda was was needing more from us than just that singular product and than just that singular product and. Than just that singular product and actually what they wanted was they actually what they wanted was they. Actually what they wanted was they wanted a more fully a more full and wanted a more fully a more full and. Wanted a more fully a more full and robust public private partnership robust public private partnership. Robust public private partnership between visa and the government of between visa and the government of. Between visa and the government of Rwanda and so the fact that we you know Rwanda and so the fact that we you know. Rwanda and so the fact that we you know noticed that things were not going as we noticed that things were not going as we. Noticed that things were not going as we had hoped but instead of bailing or just. Had hoped but instead of bailing or just had hoped but instead of bailing or just. Bowing out completely we really tried to bowing out completely we really tried to. Bowing out completely we really tried to dig in deep to understand what could we dig in deep to understand what could we. Dig in deep to understand what could we do differently that would open up doors do differently that would open up doors. Do differently that would open up doors and then we modified what we were doing and then we modified what we were doing. And then we modified what we were doing we still launched that product which is we still launched that product which is. We still launched that product which is called mvisa which was which was great called mvisa which was which was great. Called mvisa which was which was great but probably the best thing that came but probably the best thing that came. but probably the best thing that came out of that experience was just how do out of that experience was just how do. Out of that experience was just how do you constructively engage with a you constructively engage with a. You constructively engage with a national government as a Fortune 500 national government as a Fortune 500. National government as a Fortune 500 company especially in a continent where company especially in a continent where. Company especially in a continent where there wasn't as much experience there there wasn't as much experience there . There wasn't as much experience there you know from the work that Visa had you know from the work that Visa had. You know from the work that Visa had done in the past so anyway I think done in the past so anyway I think. Done in the past so anyway I think there's there's ways that you could take there's there's ways that you could take. There's there's ways that you could take these failures and yes learn from them these failures and yes learn from them. These failures and yes learn from them in the past but you can also take the in the past but you can also take the. In the past but you can also take the failure in real time and like pivot it failure in real time and like pivot it. Failure in real time and like pivot it to turn it into a more interesting to turn it into a more interesting. to turn it into a more interesting opportunity than you were even expecting opportunity than you were even expecting. Opportunity than you were even expecting yeah I love that I think that you know yeah I love that I think that you know. Yeah I love that I think that you know one of the things that I always really one of the things that I always really. One of the things that I always really like to have are these goals that we set like to have are these goals that we set. Like to have are these goals that we set out either if they're product goals or out either if they're product goals or. Out either if they're product goals or their goals for us internally and the their goals for us internally and the. Their goals for us internally and the thing about a goal is that you might thing about a goal is that you might. Thing about a goal is that you might actually pivot along the way and you actually pivot along the way and you. Actually pivot along the way and you might not achieve the exact thing that might not achieve the exact thing that. Might not achieve the exact thing that you set out to and you need to be you set out to and you need to be. You set out to and you need to be willing to make those pivots and to willing to make those pivots and to. Willing to make those pivots and to learn for what's going on in the context learn for what's going on in the context. Learn for what's going on in the context that you're in so I do think that it's that you're in so I do think that it's. That you're in so I do think that it's really hard you can't identify failures really hard you can't identify failures. Really hard you can't identify failures in your life I certainly have plenty but in your life I certainly have plenty but. In your life I certainly have plenty but I also have a lot of those opportunities. I also have a lot of those opportunities I also have a lot of those opportunities. Where we were able to Pivot to make it where we were able to Pivot to make it where we were able to Pivot to make it. Better and more right and more better and more right and more better and more right and more . Constant with the situation so I think constant with the situation so I think constant with the situation so I think. It's really awesome to be able to take it's really awesome to be able to take it's really awesome to be able to take. In that context and to listen and I in that context and to listen and I in that context and to listen and I. Think that sometimes we forget to do think that sometimes we forget to do think that sometimes we forget to do. That along the way on a similar note that along the way on a similar note that along the way on a similar note. What is one piece of advice that you what is one piece of advice that you what is one piece of advice that you. Give someone watching this no matter give someone watching this no matter give someone watching this no matter. What stage of their career that they're what stage of their career that they're what stage of their career that they're. In in in well I mean just to build on what we well I mean just to build on what we. Well I mean just to build on what we were just talking about like I would I were just talking about like I would I. Were just talking about like I would I would ask a lot of questions like ask would ask a lot of questions like ask. Would ask a lot of questions like ask questions constantly constantly test questions constantly constantly test. Questions constantly constantly test your assumptions constantly test your your assumptions constantly test your. Your assumptions constantly test your hypotheses like things change like you hypotheses like things change like you. Hypotheses like things change like you really need to you just keep asking the really need to you just keep asking the. Really need to you just keep asking the next level question next level question next level question. and I think that having that that's and I think that having that that's and I think that having that that's. Actually what I hire for you just talk actually what I hire for you just talk actually what I hire for you just talk. About something we were talking about about something we were talking about about something we were talking about. Earlier that that is actually what I earlier that that is actually what I earlier that that is actually what I. Learned for people that I work with like learned for people that I work with like. Learned for people that I work with like I want them to be really hungry and I want them to be really hungry and. I want them to be really hungry and super curious and so I guess you could super curious and so I guess you could. Super curious and so I guess you could tie that into advice for folks like tie that into advice for folks like. Tie that into advice for folks like be great like no matter what you're be great like no matter what you're. Be great like no matter what you're doing just just be great and I think doing just just be great and I think. Doing just just be great and I think that that that phrase of like Blossom that that that phrase of like Blossom. That that that phrase of like Blossom while you're planted is really while you're planted is really. While you're planted is really important especially early in your important especially early in your. Important especially early in your career I think the opportunities that I career I think the opportunities that I. Career I think the opportunities that I have gained or like been been I've have gained or like been been I've. have gained or like been been I've been available to me and even still been available to me and even still. Been available to me and even still today that are available to me today that are available to me. Today that are available to me actually come a lot from the people actually come a lot from the people. actually come a lot from the people that I interacted with in my early 20s that I interacted with in my early 20s. That I interacted with in my early 20s and I think I mean that was a long time and I think I mean that was a long time. And I think I mean that was a long time ago don't need to say how many years but ago don't need to say how many years but. Ago don't need to say how many years but you know I showed up hungry and you know I showed up hungry and. you know I showed up hungry and motivated and I and I really cared like motivated and I and I really cared like. Motivated and I and I really cared like I really cared about our outcomes even I really cared about our outcomes even. I really cared about our outcomes even if the role I was in was not actually if the role I was in was not actually. If the role I was in was not actually what I thought I wanted to do what I thought I wanted to do. What I thought I wanted to do or the thing that I was working on or the thing that I was working on. or the thing that I was working on actually didn't actually have that much actually didn't actually have that much. Actually didn't actually have that much personal interest in it personal interest in it. Personal interest in it you know just how you show up can can you know just how you show up can can. you know just how you show up can can really matter really matter really matter. I think the other thing is I think the other thing is I think the other thing is. Like we should we should have fun you like we should we should have fun you like we should we should have fun you. Know life is life is too short and know life is life is too short and know life is life is too short and . You should have a good time with what you should have a good time with what you should have a good time with what. You do and I think that's really you do and I think that's really you do and I think that's really. Important it helps with perspective it important it helps with perspective it important it helps with perspective it. Helps with helps with helps with motivation it helps with Team motivation it helps with Team. motivation it helps with Team camaraderie when I was at Facebook we camaraderie when I was at Facebook we . Camaraderie when I was at Facebook we we had a great team called mobile we had a great team called mobile. We had a great team called mobile financial services at Facebook one of financial services at Facebook one of. Financial services at Facebook one of the best teams I've worked with and we the best teams I've worked with and we. The best teams I've worked with and we did some really amazing stuff you know did some really amazing stuff you know. Did some really amazing stuff you know we increased Financial inclusion in the we increased Financial inclusion in the. We increased Financial inclusion in the Philippines we created this great Philippines we created this great. Philippines we created this great product that existed in Emerging Markets product that existed in Emerging Markets. Product that existed in Emerging Markets where people could link accounts or where people could link accounts or. Where people could link accounts or create Financial accounts and use it to create Financial accounts and use it to. Create Financial accounts and use it to send money or pay bills or buy airtime send money or pay bills or buy airtime. Send money or pay bills or buy airtime like there's a lot of good stuff that like there's a lot of good stuff that. Like there's a lot of good stuff that came from that product but I think the came from that product but I think the. Came from that product but I think the best thing that we did was we had fun as best thing that we did was we had fun as. Best thing that we did was we had fun as a team like we had a cowbell that we a team like we had a cowbell that we. A team like we had a cowbell that we used on Friday afternoon meetings we had used on Friday afternoon meetings we had. Used on Friday afternoon meetings we had a cat mascot like I don't know we just a cat mascot like I don't know we just. A cat mascot like I don't know we just we had a great time and when people have we had a great time and when people have. We had a great time and when people have fun like they want to show up they want fun like they want to show up they want. Fun like they want to show up they want to get engaged they are you know they're to get engaged they are you know they're. To get engaged they are you know they're just naturally more productive so those just naturally more productive so those. Just naturally more productive so those would be a couple of thoughts I think would be a couple of thoughts I think. Would be a couple of thoughts I think that is such great advice I think the that is such great advice I think the. That is such great advice I think the have fun one it gets lost one of the have fun one it gets lost one of the. Have fun one it gets lost one of the things that I decided early on things that I decided early on. Things that I decided early on especially once I had kids is that since especially once I had kids is that since. Especially once I had kids is that since I didn't have the choice about whether I didn't have the choice about whether. I didn't have the choice about whether whether to work or not work I needed to whether to work or not work I needed to. Whether to work or not work I needed to work I was a single mom at the time and work I was a single mom at the time and. Work I was a single mom at the time and I had three boys and my focus was that I had three boys and my focus was that I. I had three boys and my focus was that I needed to really be in a role and to be needed to really be in a role and to be. Needed to really be in a role and to be doing work that inspired me that doing work that inspired me that. Doing work that inspired me that constantly challenged me and that I constantly challenged me and that I. Constantly challenged me and that I liked doing with people that I liked liked doing with people that I liked. Liked doing with people that I liked being with and it was those choices that being with and it was those choices that. Being with and it was those choices that really caused like all of my decisions really caused like all of my decisions. Really caused like all of my decisions about where I was going to work it about where I was going to work it. About where I was going to work it wasn't about the money it wasn't about wasn't about the money it wasn't about. Wasn't about the money it wasn't about the big name it was about am I gonna the big name it was about am I gonna. The big name it was about am I gonna like these people are they going to like these people are they going to. Like these people are they going to inspire me to even be better than I am inspire me to even be better than I am. Inspire me to even be better than I am and I think that that have fun part is and I think that that have fun part is. And I think that that have fun part is something that we can't lose and I get something that we can't lose and I get. Something that we can't lose and I get a little fearful sometimes in today's a little fearful sometimes in today's. A little fearful sometimes in today's world that we're not having enough fun world that we're not having enough fun. World that we're not having enough fun because not all of us are together right because not all of us are together right. Because not all of us are together right and and I and you know because of all and and I and you know because of all. And and I and you know because of all the the things that have happened over the the things that have happened over. The the things that have happened over the last many years but I think that the last many years but I think that. The last many years but I think that that is such a crucial thing so have you that is such a crucial thing so have you. That is such a crucial thing so have you been able to do that at all of the roles. Been able to do that at all of the roles been able to do that at all of the roles. That you've been in so probably not all that you've been in so probably not all that you've been in so probably not all. Of them of them of them but I do try like now in fact I'm but I do try like now in fact I'm. but I do try like now in fact I'm looking to see if I have one of the looking to see if I have one of the. Looking to see if I have one of the props around we have like a hat thing at props around we have like a hat thing at. Props around we have like a hat thing at plaid oh I do have one plaid oh I do have one. Plaid oh I do have one well here's my take credit hat like well here's my take credit hat like. well here's my take credit hat like we're constantly wearing hats and I we're constantly wearing hats and I. We're constantly wearing hats and I don't know how we came up with that it don't know how we came up with that it. Don't know how we came up with that it was just this random moment that was just this random moment that. Was just this random moment that happened where all of a sudden it made happened where all of a sudden it made. Happened where all of a sudden it made sense for us to put on weird hats in a sense for us to put on weird hats in a. Sense for us to put on weird hats in a meeting and we've we've been doing it meeting and we've we've been doing it. Meeting and we've we've been doing it for two and a half years and for two and a half years and. For two and a half years and that's it's easy to for us to express that's it's easy to for us to express. that's it's easy to for us to express ourselves because you can see it ourselves because you can see it. Ourselves because you can see it visually from a virtual distance and you visually from a virtual distance and you. Visually from a virtual distance and you don't have to be together to have that don't have to be together to have that. Don't have to be together to have that you know joke or funny thing that you do you know joke or funny thing that you do. You know joke or funny thing that you do like it's something that we could we like it's something that we could we. Like it's something that we could we could do remotely but again like we could do remotely but again like we. Could do remotely but again like we didn't plan that it's just you know didn't plan that it's just you know. Didn't plan that it's just you know something that you stumble upon when something that you stumble upon when. Something that you stumble upon when when you really want to connect with when you really want to connect with. When you really want to connect with your team and when you're having when your team and when you're having when. Your team and when you're having when you're having fun like you have to be in you're having fun like you have to be in. You're having fun like you have to be in an environment where you feel an environment where you feel. An environment where you feel comfortable randomly putting a hat on comfortable randomly putting a hat on. Comfortable randomly putting a hat on your head and making a joke about it and your head and making a joke about it and. Your head and making a joke about it and feeling like people are going to accept feeling like people are going to accept. Feeling like people are going to accept you you know you're being authentic you you know you're being authentic. You you know you're being authentic you know that it's this just a you know that it's this just a. you know that it's this just a natural part of of existing as a team natural part of of existing as a team. Natural part of of existing as a team together is that ability to play together is that ability to play. Together is that ability to play just I wanted to point out that if just I wanted to point out that if. just I wanted to point out that if you have questions go ahead and put them you have questions go ahead and put them. You have questions go ahead and put them in the comments and I'm going to try to in the comments and I'm going to try to. In the comments and I'm going to try to look at those as I'm asking questions as look at those as I'm asking questions as. Look at those as I'm asking questions as I go through here so I know you I go through here so I know you. I go through here so I know you started your career focused on financial started your career focused on financial. Started your career focused on financial services in emerging markets and you services in emerging markets and you. Services in emerging markets and you told us a little bit about that in told us a little bit about that in. Told us a little bit about that in particular you're a big advocate for the particular you're a big advocate for the. Particular you're a big advocate for the impact that expanding Financial access impact that expanding Financial access. Impact that expanding Financial access for women in these markets can have why for women in these markets can have why. For women in these markets can have why is that why has that been a focal point is that why has that been a focal point. Is that why has that been a focal point for you yeah for you yeah for you yeah . you know obviously there's or maybe not you know obviously there's or maybe not. You know obviously there's or maybe not obviously there's research that shows obviously there's research that shows. Obviously there's research that shows you know that when women are in you know that when women are in. you know that when women are in control of limited budgets that they control of limited budgets that they. Control of limited budgets that they will traditionally or typically invest will traditionally or typically invest. Will traditionally or typically invest more in education and health and more in education and health and. More in education and health and things that are going to help their things that are going to help their. Things that are going to help their children to prosper and I think you can children to prosper and I think you can. Children to prosper and I think you can tie that to not just building strong tie that to not just building strong. Tie that to not just building strong children and strong families but then children and strong families but then. Children and strong families but then building strong communities and so I building strong communities and so I. Building strong communities and so I think that there's like a you know think that there's like a you know. Think that there's like a you know research proven tie between those two research proven tie between those two. Research proven tie between those two things but most things but most things but most. Experiences that I had had in trying to experiences that I had had in trying to experiences that I had had in trying to. You know build some of these tools and you know build some of these tools and you know build some of these tools and. And products and markets around the and products and markets around the and products and markets around the. World that just really sat with me I world that just really sat with me I world that just really sat with me I. Mean there was we were doing research in mean there was we were doing research in. Mean there was we were doing research in Bangladesh this is when I was with Bangladesh this is when I was with. Bangladesh this is when I was with Facebook and we were trying to Facebook and we were trying to. Facebook and we were trying to understand understand understand motivations that someone might have. motivations that someone might have motivations that someone might have to use a digital financial management. To use a digital financial management to use a digital financial management tool and in order to understand what you. Tool and in order to understand what you tool and in order to understand what you. Would potentially build to Aid someone would potentially build to Aid someone would potentially build to Aid someone. In in those desires you really have to in in those desires you really have to in in those desires you really have to. Understand why they do it or or what it understand why they do it or or what it understand why they do it or or what it. Is about their lives that that could be is about their lives that that could be is about their lives that that could be. Improved and there was this one woman improved and there was this one woman improved and there was this one woman. Talking about you know talking about you know talking about you know her ability to manage the money for the. Her ability to manage the money for the her ability to manage the money for the family based on the very wide swings of. Family based on the very wide swings of family based on the very wide swings of income that came from her husband's job. Income that came from her husband's job income that came from her husband's job was like that was her identity like her. Was like that was her identity like her was like that was her identity like her ability to be creative about how that. Ability to be creative about how that ability to be creative about how that money was managed to be able to make it. Money was managed to be able to make it money was managed to be able to make it last in you know Seasons where income. Last in you know Seasons where income last in you know Seasons where income was low and be able to save it and and. Was low and be able to save it and and was low and be able to save it and and hold it back when it was high and to do. Hold it back when it was high and to do hold it back when it was high and to do that like with a very intricate web of. That like with a very intricate web of that like with a very intricate web of very informal systems everything from. Very informal systems everything from very informal systems everything from storing it in a container in the kitchen. Storing it in a container in the kitchen storing it in a container in the kitchen. To giving some to her sister to hiding to giving some to her sister to hiding to giving some to her sister to hiding. It in places to stitching it into it in places to stitching it into it in places to stitching it into. Clothes to buying jewelry because that clothes to buying jewelry because that clothes to buying jewelry because that. Would last longer and hold value I mean would last longer and hold value I mean would last longer and hold value I mean. It was just amazing what this woman was it was just amazing what this woman was it was just amazing what this woman was. Holding in her head in terms of all of holding in her head in terms of all of holding in her head in terms of all of. The things that she was doing to to have the things that she was doing to to have. The things that she was doing to to have the best you know Financial outcome for the best you know Financial outcome for. The best you know Financial outcome for her family and so not just that her family and so not just that. Her family and so not just that experience but Global money agents that experience but Global money agents that. Experience but Global money agents that we worked with in the Philippines we worked with in the Philippines. We worked with in the Philippines you know more than 50 percent of the you know more than 50 percent of the. you know more than 50 percent of the agent Network we were working with were agent Network we were working with were. Agent Network we were working with were women-owned businesses and they were women-owned businesses and they were. Women-owned businesses and they were just all business like they were I was just all business like they were I was. Just all business like they were I was so impressed with them right so impressed with them right. So impressed with them right and so like finding ways that you can and so like finding ways that you can. and so like finding ways that you can Empower women in these roles not only as. Empower women in these roles not only as Empower women in these roles not only as. The leader of a family but also a leader the leader of a family but also a leader. The leader of a family but also a leader of a small business of a small business of a small business. and having more opportunities and having more opportunities and having more opportunities. you know to be part of these networks you know to be part of these networks. you know to be part of these networks that we're investing in on-ramps and that we're investing in on-ramps and. That we're investing in on-ramps and off-ramps for fiat currency to digital off-ramps for fiat currency to digital. Off-ramps for fiat currency to digital currency like you know these are the currency like you know these are the. Currency like you know these are the places that are on the Forefront of places that are on the Forefront of. Places that are on the Forefront of technical Innovation and having women be technical Innovation and having women be. Technical Innovation and having women be a part of that I think will not only be a part of that I think will not only be. A part of that I think will not only be good for for them for the products that good for for them for the products that. Good for for them for the products that we're all building but also for the we're all building but also for the. We're all building but also for the communities in which they live communities in which they live. Communities in which they live it's one of those things that the it's one of those things that the. It's one of those things that the research that has been done I think by research that has been done I think by. Research that has been done I think by the World Bank it's talked about the the World Bank it's talked about the. The World Bank it's talked about the fact that when women are engaged in fact that when women are engaged in. Fact that when women are engaged in financial infrastructure and are able to financial infrastructure and are able to. Financial infrastructure and are able to use those tools the GDP of the use those tools the GDP of the. Use those tools the GDP of the government goes up and or the country government goes up and or the country. Government goes up and or the country goes up and it's one of the things that goes up and it's one of the things that. Goes up and it's one of the things that the the one of the reasons why I am so the the one of the reasons why I am so. The the one of the reasons why I am so deeply focused on it when I was at deeply focused on it when I was at. Deeply focused on it when I was at Mozilla we were building a Firefox Mozilla we were building a Firefox. Mozilla we were building a Firefox operating system for a mobile device it operating system for a mobile device it. Operating system for a mobile device it was low it was for low-end mobile was low it was for low-end mobile. Was low it was for low-end mobile devices that could be used anywhere and devices that could be used anywhere and. Devices that could be used anywhere and it was built on the HTML5 so we were it was built on the HTML5 so we were. It was built on the HTML5 so we were like very interested in the open part like very interested in the open part. Like very interested in the open part but one of the things I loved in but one of the things I loved in. But one of the things I loved in partnership with these different partnership with these different. Partnership with these different carriers was the fact that we could look carriers was the fact that we could look. Carriers was the fact that we could look at local problems and one of the at local problems and one of the. At local problems and one of the problems with the women were trying to problems with the women were trying to. Problems with the women were trying to make money and one of the things they make money and one of the things they. Make money and one of the things they could do is they could sell one of the could do is they could sell one of the. Could do is they could sell one of the extra meals that they had that night and extra meals that they had that night and. Extra meals that they had that night and how that would just improve things for how that would just improve things for. How that would just improve things for them and so giving them the tools to do them and so giving them the tools to do. Them and so giving them the tools to do that just changes the whole dynamic for that just changes the whole dynamic for. That just changes the whole dynamic for the family so I too like I'm just so the family so I too like I'm just so. The family so I too like I'm just so enamored with that and so really truly enamored with that and so really truly. Enamored with that and so really truly want to help there and I'm so grateful want to help there and I'm so grateful. Want to help there and I'm so grateful for the work that you've done and for the work that you've done and. For the work that you've done and certainly one of the things that we've certainly one of the things that we've. Certainly one of the things that we've talked about is those on and off ramps talked about is those on and off ramps. Talked about is those on and off ramps and the work that you've done and the work that you've done. And the work that you've done historically in Africa and all over historically in Africa and all over. Historically in Africa and all over really helps us to be able to have the really helps us to be able to have the. Really helps us to be able to have the sounding board from you to talk through sounding board from you to talk through. Sounding board from you to talk through these really important issues and to these really important issues and to. These really important issues and to hopefully get them right solving these hopefully get them right solving these. Hopefully get them right solving these local problems yeah and if you think local problems yeah and if you think. Local problems yeah and if you think about I made a flip comment about you about I made a flip comment about you. About I made a flip comment about you know moving cash to digital you know know moving cash to digital you know. Know moving cash to digital you know digital Fiat to crypto like there's a digital Fiat to crypto like there's a. Digital Fiat to crypto like there's a whole host of change that have to be whole host of change that have to be. Whole host of change that have to be solved chains that have to be solved for solved chains that have to be solved for. Solved chains that have to be solved for and you asked a question earlier and you asked a question earlier. And you asked a question earlier about failures I don't know if I want to about failures I don't know if I want to. About failures I don't know if I want to put it in the failure account but I put it in the failure account but I. Put it in the failure account but I think a very large learning from some of think a very large learning from some of. Think a very large learning from some of my experiences is that the how do you my experiences is that the how do you. My experiences is that the how do you properly incentivize motivate properly incentivize motivate. Properly incentivize motivate those retail outlets or those end those retail outlets or those end. those retail outlets or those end points many of which are humans points many of which are humans. Points many of which are humans running small retail shops some which running small retail shops some which. running small retail shops some which are also digital but like how do you get. Are also digital but like how do you get are also digital but like how do you get. That the on-ramps and off-ramps solved that the on-ramps and off-ramps solved that the on-ramps and off-ramps solved. if you really want to move out of if you really want to move out of if you really want to move out of. Cash-based economies and into a digital cash-based economies and into a digital cash-based economies and into a digital. World like that's to me that was the world like that's to me that was the world like that's to me that was the. Hardest part it's been the hardest part hardest part it's been the hardest part hardest part it's been the hardest part. In in three different you know three in in three different you know three in in three different you know three. Different companies and three different different companies and three different different companies and three different. Products I've worked on like that that products I've worked on like that that products I've worked on like that that. Piece is the hardest and piece is the hardest and piece is the hardest and . And yeah a lot of those endpoints are and yeah a lot of those endpoints are and yeah a lot of those endpoints are. Women women women and so I just think it's a really and so I just think it's a really. and so I just think it's a really interesting problem that we're going to interesting problem that we're going to. Interesting problem that we're going to have to continue to keep solving have to continue to keep solving. Have to continue to keep solving so there's a question here that may be a so there's a question here that may be a. So there's a question here that may be a little bit too specific but I'm going to. Little bit too specific but I'm going to little bit too specific but I'm going to. Go ahead and grab it I have a sarban if go ahead and grab it I have a sarban if go ahead and grab it I have a sarban if. You remember is our smart Contracting you remember is our smart Contracting you remember is our smart Contracting. Platform that we're building platform that we're building platform that we're building. and I'm going to ask you about where and I'm going to ask you about where and I'm going to ask you about where. Do you the one of the questions is what do you the one of the questions is what do you the one of the questions is what. Is the biggest underserved area in is the biggest underserved area in is the biggest underserved area in. Fintech that you feel Stellar and fintech that you feel Stellar and fintech that you feel Stellar and. Sorbonne or just Stellar could really sorbonne or just Stellar could really sorbonne or just Stellar could really. Help fill over the next 36 to 48 months help fill over the next 36 to 48 months help fill over the next 36 to 48 months. Yeah I think it's a great question and yeah I think it's a great question and yeah I think it's a great question and. I'm gonna it's not a cop-out answer but I'm gonna it's not a cop-out answer but I'm gonna it's not a cop-out answer but. I really really mean this which is I really really mean this which is I really really mean this which is. What is the what is the what is the place the segment the people that you're place the segment the people that you're. Place the segment the people that you're trying to serve and what is it that they. Trying to serve and what is it that they trying to serve and what is it that they. Need in order to do the thing that they need in order to do the thing that they need in order to do the thing that they. Want to do take the action they want to want to do take the action they want to want to do take the action they want to. Take have a better life have a better take have a better life have a better take have a better life have a better. Livelihood you really have to hone that livelihood you really have to hone that livelihood you really have to hone that. Down to something very specific and down to something very specific and down to something very specific and. Small to get started so so thinking small to get started so so thinking small to get started so so thinking. About like all these broad industry about like all these broad industry about like all these broad industry. Problems I've always struggled being problems I've always struggled being problems I've always struggled being. Successful if I take too broad of a successful if I take too broad of a successful if I take too broad of a. Mindset or too broad of a view on things mindset or too broad of a view on things. Mindset or too broad of a view on things and where I felt more confidence that we. And where I felt more confidence that we and where I felt more confidence that we. Were building the right things or were building the right things or were building the right things or. Investing in the right kind of investing in the right kind of investing in the right kind of. Technology was when you could get very Technology was when you could get very Technology was when you could get very. Pointed about pointed about pointed about you know this is the ultimately the you know this is the ultimately the. You know this is the ultimately the problem we want to solve in a global problem we want to solve in a global. Problem we want to solve in a global basis but we're going to start very basis but we're going to start very. Basis but we're going to start very locally and so who's the who's the locally and so who's the who's the. Locally and so who's the who's the segment that you're trying to solve is segment that you're trying to solve is. Segment that you're trying to solve is it artists is it low-income women is it artists is it low-income women is. It artists is it low-income women is it online businesses and e-commerce it online businesses and e-commerce. It online businesses and e-commerce like what's what's the thing that you're like what's what's the thing that you're. Like what's what's the thing that you're trying to solve who are your customers trying to solve who are your customers. Trying to solve who are your customers and then work your way into the and then work your way into the. And then work your way into the technology that needs to be built from technology that needs to be built from. Technology that needs to be built from that real world problem and I mean that real world problem and I mean. That real world problem and I mean making money work better for people and making money work better for people and. Making money work better for people and making it more fluid is what Stellar is making it more fluid is what Stellar is. Making it more fluid is what Stellar is all about and I think that that can all about and I think that that can. All about and I think that that can apply to so many different situations I apply to so many different situations I. Apply to so many different situations I love the model that Denelle and team love the model that Denelle and team. Love the model that Denelle and team have of like identifying and finding you have of like identifying and finding you. Have of like identifying and finding you know businesses and entrepreneurs who know businesses and entrepreneurs who. Know businesses and entrepreneurs who are who are building in this ecosystem are who are building in this ecosystem. Are who are building in this ecosystem based on real world problems and I based on real world problems and I. Based on real world problems and I suspect that what gets built and what suspect that what gets built and what. Suspect that what gets built and what those problems are is going to be fairly those problems are is going to be fairly. Those problems are is going to be fairly diverse right and so the trick is then diverse right and so the trick is then. Diverse right and so the trick is then to pull up and find the similarities and to pull up and find the similarities and. To pull up and find the similarities and the you know the patterns across the you know the patterns across. The you know the patterns across those things those things those things well they're here to that there's so. Well they're here to that there's so well they're here to that there's so much noise out there though and there . Much noise out there though and there much noise out there though and there . There's a focus on the hype of crypto there's a focus on the hype of crypto there's a focus on the hype of crypto. And blockchain like the trading use and blockchain like the trading use and blockchain like the trading use. Cases the speculation so much of our cases the speculation so much of our cases the speculation so much of our. Attention over the last month has been attention over the last month has been attention over the last month has been. On the awful failure of FTX and how on the awful failure of FTX and how on the awful failure of FTX and how. That harms so many people so we often that harms so many people so we often that harms so many people so we often. Try to instead get to people to see the try to instead get to people to see the try to instead get to people to see the. Value it brings to the financial system value it brings to the financial system value it brings to the financial system. Here do you want to see our industry here do you want to see our industry here do you want to see our industry. Focus somewhere else or there or how do Focus somewhere else or there or how do Focus somewhere else or there or how do. You think about it you think about it you think about it meaning like on people versus not yeah. Meaning like on people versus not yeah meaning like on people versus not yeah or you know we're trying to focus on. Or you know we're trying to focus on or you know we're trying to focus on these real world problems as you just. These real world problems as you just these real world problems as you just mentioned and we're really trying to. Mentioned and we're really trying to mentioned and we're really trying to focus there but is there something else. Focus there but is there something else focus there but is there something else another way to attack that. Another way to attack that another way to attack that okay so I think you have to base it. Okay so I think you have to base it okay so I think you have to base it there but you can also think about the. There but you can also think about the there but you can also think about the systems that are required. Systems that are required systems that are required to eliminate the pain points that again. To eliminate the pain points that again to eliminate the pain points that again once you pull up and you look across. Once you pull up and you look across once you pull up and you look across those patterns like where are the pain. Those patterns like where are the pain those patterns like where are the pain points exist that are similar across. Points exist that are similar across points exist that are similar across different types of services I'm going to. Different types of services I'm going to different types of services I'm going to. Cheat and just use plaid for a second cheat and just use plaid for a second cheat and just use plaid for a second. Which is like you know which is like you know which is like you know quickly realize that people individuals. Quickly realize that people individuals quickly realize that people individuals again wanted to tie their financial data. Again wanted to tie their financial data again wanted to tie their financial data. Or move their financial data from one or move their financial data from one or move their financial data from one. Particular place to another but they particular place to another but they particular place to another but they. Didn't learn that by talking to people didn't learn that by talking to people didn't learn that by talking to people. Like they had customers and businesses like they had customers and businesses like they had customers and businesses. That were trying to build build great that were trying to build build great. That were trying to build build great products and services for people and products and services for people and. Products and services for people and they realized many of them had the same they realized many of them had the same. They realized many of them had the same need and so it doesn't have to be the need and so it doesn't have to be the. Need and so it doesn't have to be the person that you start with it can be an person that you start with it can be an. Person that you start with it can be an ecosystem pain point it can be a group ecosystem pain point it can be a group. Ecosystem pain point it can be a group of businesses it can be a group of of businesses it can be a group of. Of businesses it can be a group of customers who are telling you over and customers who are telling you over and. Customers who are telling you over and over again that they have something that over again that they have something that. Over again that they have something that they want to solve they want to solve they want to solve. this happened again cheating a little this happened again cheating a little. this happened again cheating a little bit here with plaid which was like you bit here with plaid which was like you. Bit here with plaid which was like you know we were hearing that people wanted know we were hearing that people wanted. Know we were hearing that people wanted to be able to see their crypto Holdings to be able to see their crypto Holdings. To be able to see their crypto Holdings alongside Holdings that they have in alongside Holdings that they have in. Alongside Holdings that they have in other types of investment accounts other types of investment accounts. Other types of investment accounts savings accounts checking accounts and savings accounts checking accounts and. Savings accounts checking accounts and and even loans and so build so that and even loans and so build so that. and even loans and so build so that was a pretty specific pattern we were was a pretty specific pattern we were. Was a pretty specific pattern we were seeing across a number of different seeing across a number of different. Seeing across a number of different customers who were focused on Building customers who were focused on Building. Customers who were focused on Building Wealth Management Solutions and so what Wealth Management Solutions and so what. Wealth Management Solutions and so what did we do well let's go build did we do well let's go build. Did we do well let's go build Integrations into digital asset Integrations into digital asset. Integrations into digital asset exchanges and other crypto companies so exchanges and other crypto companies so. Exchanges and other crypto companies so people can see the balances of those people can see the balances of those. People can see the balances of those accounts but we didn't you know there accounts but we didn't you know there. Accounts but we didn't you know there wasn't a lot of talking to the wasn't a lot of talking to the. Wasn't a lot of talking to the individual person about that it was individual person about that it was. Individual person about that it was about seeing the system and the pattern about seeing the system and the pattern. About seeing the system and the pattern of the request across a number of of the request across a number of. Of the request across a number of different customers that were valuable different customers that were valuable. Different customers that were valuable to us yeah using data to sort of help to to us yeah using data to sort of help to. To us yeah using data to sort of help to drive the solution as well another drive the solution as well another. Drive the solution as well another question from the audience is what is question from the audience is what is. Question from the audience is what is your perspective of the most attractive your perspective of the most attractive. Your perspective of the most attractive use cases that can be achieved working use cases that can be achieved working. Use cases that can be achieved working with MoneyGram in our in the MoneyGram with MoneyGram in our in the MoneyGram. With MoneyGram in our in the MoneyGram integration yeah so I think that's an integration yeah so I think that's an. Integration yeah so I think that's an interesting one I mean I think there's interesting one I mean I think there's. Interesting one I mean I think there's like two areas with like two areas with like two areas with. an organization like MoneyGram that an organization like MoneyGram that an organization like MoneyGram that. Are probably interested in looking at are probably interested in looking at are probably interested in looking at. One plays right into what we were one plays right into what we were one plays right into what we were. Talking about earlier about the agent talking about earlier about the agent talking about earlier about the agent. Network I mean they they have such a Network I mean they they have such a Network I mean they they have such a. Strong visible and reputable strong visible and reputable strong visible and reputable. You know money movement Network that you know money movement Network that you know money movement Network that. Local communities understand and see and local communities understand and see and. Local communities understand and see and I think you can not dismiss the value of. I think you can not dismiss the value of I think you can not dismiss the value of. That that is a very hard thing for a that that is a very hard thing for a that that is a very hard thing for a. Company to build moneygram's been doing company to build moneygram's been doing company to build moneygram's been doing. This for you know decades right this for you know decades right this for you know decades right. but if you if you take new tech but if you if you take new tech but if you if you take new tech. Companies and you think about their companies and you think about their companies and you think about their. Relevance to relevance to relevance to physical Cash locations in local physical Cash locations in local. physical Cash locations in local communities globally that is a very hard communities globally that is a very hard. Communities globally that is a very hard thread thread thread you know to tie because one that company. You know to tie because one that company you know to tie because one that company. May not be known certainly their may not be known certainly their may not be known certainly their. Offerings and financial services aren't offerings and financial services aren't offerings and financial services aren't. Going to be known so the amount of going to be known so the amount of going to be known so the amount of. Marketing dollars and communication that marketing dollars and communication that. Marketing dollars and communication that have to go into building Brands and have to go into building Brands and. Have to go into building Brands and local communities is really challenging local communities is really challenging. Local communities is really challenging and MoneyGram has that in Spades and so and MoneyGram has that in Spades and so. And MoneyGram has that in Spades and so I think like the combination between I think like the combination between. I think like the combination between Stellar's technology and the ability to Stellar's technology and the ability to. Stellar's technology and the ability to more easily move funds around the world more easily move funds around the world. More easily move funds around the world in addition to MoneyGrams brand and in addition to MoneyGrams brand and. In addition to MoneyGrams brand and prominence in local communities is like prominence in local communities is like. Prominence in local communities is like is a fantastic offering is a fantastic offering. Is a fantastic offering yeah Alex the the chairman and CEO of yeah Alex the the chairman and CEO of. Yeah Alex the the chairman and CEO of MoneyGram says they've been getting MoneyGram says they've been getting. MoneyGram says they've been getting disrupted for like the last 50 years or disrupted for like the last 50 years or. Disrupted for like the last 50 years or something like that it's this joke that something like that it's this joke that. Something like that it's this joke that he makes across the board and the great he makes across the board and the great. He makes across the board and the great thing is is that this isn't about thing is is that this isn't about. Thing is is that this isn't about disruption as much as much as it about disruption as much as much as it about. Disruption as much as much as it about really enhancing that traditional really enhancing that traditional. Really enhancing that traditional Financial infrastructure and leveraging Financial infrastructure and leveraging. Financial infrastructure and leveraging the value they've built over all of the value they've built over all of. The value they've built over all of these years and really bringing that to these years and really bringing that to. These years and really bringing that to blockchain so that you don't need a blockchain so that you don't need a. Blockchain so that you don't need a credit card and you don't need a bank credit card and you don't need a bank. Credit card and you don't need a bank account which a lot of people don't have account which a lot of people don't have. Account which a lot of people don't have outside the U.S and outside of Western outside the U.S and outside of Western. Outside the U.S and outside of Western countries so it's definitely something countries so it's definitely something. Countries so it's definitely something for it's the one of the things I'm for it's the one of the things I'm. For it's the one of the things I'm most proud that we were able to bring most proud that we were able to bring. Most proud that we were able to bring together all right I have one last together all right I have one last. Together all right I have one last question for you because I think we only question for you because I think we only. Question for you because I think we only have time for it so have time for it so have time for it so. if you had a billboard in Times if you had a billboard in Times if you had a billboard in Times. Square Square Square and it could say anything and it could say anything and it could say anything. What would it say what would it say what would it say s s s while they're Ginger come on okay all. While they're Ginger come on okay all while they're Ginger come on okay all right let me think. Right let me think right let me think I mean something probably super I mean something probably super. I mean something probably super cheesy like you know be authentic or cheesy like you know be authentic or. Cheesy like you know be authentic or something something something so when so when. so when when I was a kid this is gonna date me when I was a kid this is gonna date me. When I was a kid this is gonna date me okay so maybe we delete this part of the okay so maybe we delete this part of the. Okay so maybe we delete this part of the segment when I was a kid there was segment when I was a kid there was. Segment when I was a kid there was this America's top America top 40. This America's top America top 40. This America's top America top 40. There's a guy named Casey Kasem who used there's a guy named Casey Kasem who used. There's a guy named Casey Kasem who used to say you know you feed on the ground to say you know you feed on the ground. To say you know you feed on the ground and keep reaching for the Stars like I and keep reaching for the Stars like I. And keep reaching for the Stars like I think it would be something like that think it would be something like that. Think it would be something like that America top 40. I think that's how it America top 40. I think that's how it. America top 40. I think that's how it went yeah and that just really sticks in went yeah and that just really sticks in. Went yeah and that just really sticks in the brain and I think that it's also a the brain and I think that it's also a. The brain and I think that it's also a great it's a great statement right you great it's a great statement right you. Great it's a great statement right you have to have your feet you have to be have to have your feet you have to be. Have to have your feet you have to be realistic you have to be grounded you realistic you have to be grounded you. Realistic you have to be grounded you have to be grounded in what's going on have to be grounded in what's going on. Have to be grounded in what's going on grounded in your capabilities of your grounded in your capabilities of your. Grounded in your capabilities of your team grounded in the capabilities of the team grounded in the capabilities of the. Team grounded in the capabilities of the technology you have grounded in the technology you have grounded in the. Technology you have grounded in the realities of the world and the ecosystem realities of the world and the ecosystem. Realities of the world and the ecosystem in which you're working in the partner in which you're working in the partner. In which you're working in the partner Dynamics but you can't stop you know you Dynamics but you can't stop you know you. Dynamics but you can't stop you know you can't stop trying to go to the moon so can't stop trying to go to the moon so. Can't stop trying to go to the moon so anyway something I would I would just anyway something I would I would just. Anyway something I would I would just 100 borrow Casey cases 100 borrow Casey cases. 100 borrow Casey cases well I loved that that actually came on well I loved that that actually came on. Well I loved that that actually came on Sundays and it was one of the things Sundays and it was one of the things. Sundays and it was one of the things that I was you guys don't understand out that I was you guys don't understand out. That I was you guys don't understand out there who are not having had to there who are not having had to. There who are not having had to experience this part we didn't know it experience this part we didn't know it. Experience this part we didn't know it was the top 40 unless we sat there on was the top 40 unless we sat there on. Was the top 40 unless we sat there on Sundays and listened to Casey Kason and Sundays and listened to Casey Kason and. Sundays and listened to Casey Kason and you would tape it did you ever do that you would tape it did you ever do that. You would tape it did you ever do that thing where you would wait for the yeah thing where you would wait for the yeah. Thing where you would wait for the yeah then you would to press the two buttons then you would to press the two buttons. Then you would to press the two buttons on your tape player so you could record on your tape player so you could record. On your tape player so you could record it and listen to it later it was a big it and listen to it later it was a big. It and listen to it later it was a big deal it was a really big deal none of deal it was a really big deal none of. Deal it was a really big deal none of you guys understand how cool it was way you guys understand how cool it was way. You guys understand how cool it was way back when yeah and now we're talking back when yeah and now we're talking. Back when yeah and now we're talking about Stellar right yeah things have about Stellar right yeah things have. About Stellar right yeah things have changed things have definitely changed I changed things have definitely changed I. Changed things have definitely changed I am so grateful for the time thank you so. Am so grateful for the time thank you so am so grateful for the time thank you so. Much for joining us I'm so grateful that much for joining us I'm so grateful that. Much for joining us I'm so grateful that you are a part of our Stellar family you are a part of our Stellar family. You are a part of our Stellar family and I look forward to all the more we and I look forward to all the more we. And I look forward to all the more we can do together thank you thanks so much. Can do together thank you thanks so much can do together thank you thanks so much. For having me Denelle great to see you.
