Hi everyone and welcome to this week's Hi everyone and welcome to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting. This week at. Stellar Developer Meeting. This week at Stellar Developer Meeting. This week at Stellar we just concluded the the latest. Stellar we just concluded the the latest Stellar we just concluded the the latest. Cohort in the incubator collaboration cohort in the incubator collaboration. Cohort in the incubator collaboration we have with Draperu and I thought we have with Draperu and I thought. We have with Draperu and I thought since we just wrapped this up and 20 since we just wrapped this up and 20. Since we just wrapped this up and 20 teams teams teams graduated from from the incubator. graduated from from the incubator graduated from from the incubator program I thought it could be. Program I thought it could be program I thought it could be interesting to invite someone who went. Interesting to invite someone who went interesting to invite someone who went through the program last year. So today. Through the program last year. So today through the program last year. So today I have I have the the founder of. I have I have the the founder of I have I have the the founder of Flashback in the studio. So yeah, please. Flashback in the studio. So yeah, please Flashback in the studio. So yeah, please. Introduce yourself and let us know what introduce yourself and let us know what introduce yourself and let us know what. You're working on. You're working on. You're working on.  Hello guys. so my name is Briu  Hello guys. so my name is Briu .  Hello guys. so my name is Briu so co-ounder of flashback and so. so co-ounder of flashback and so so co-ounder of flashback and so yeah we were part of this first and. Yeah we were part of this first and yeah we were part of this first and initial batch for the draper cross . Initial batch for the draper cross initial batch for the draper cross . Ster unbug program which was I ster unbug program which was I ster unbug program which was I. Think between yeah November 2024 to think between yeah November 2024 to think between yeah November 2024 to. February 2025 February 2025 February 2025 and so yeah some just a bit of and so yeah some just a bit of. and so yeah some just a bit of background about myself. So I have PhD background about myself. So I have PhD. Background about myself. So I have PhD in computer science mainly in machine in computer science mainly in machine. In computer science mainly in machine learning artificial intelligence. so learning artificial intelligence. so. Learning artificial intelligence. so I did that for seven eight years. big I did that for seven eight years. big. I did that for seven eight years. big patient with in AI and all you can use patient with in AI and all you can use. Patient with in AI and all you can use AI you know with cloud technologies and AI you know with cloud technologies and. AI you know with cloud technologies and the fact that today AI is very related the fact that today AI is very related. The fact that today AI is very related to cloud technologies. I got very to cloud technologies. I got very. To cloud technologies. I got very curious about what we call the curious about what we call the. Curious about what we call the decentralized physical infrastructure decentralized physical infrastructure. Decentralized physical infrastructure network the cloud storage cloud network the cloud storage cloud. Network the cloud storage cloud computing sovereignty data protection computing sovereignty data protection. Computing sovereignty data protection etc etc and of course since 2016 I etc etc and of course since 2016 I. Etc etc and of course since 2016 I discovered the cryptocurrency space discovered the cryptocurrency space. Discovered the cryptocurrency space initially with project like lisk and initially with project like lisk and. initially with project like lisk and arc so very old project I would not arc so very old project I would not. Arc so very old project I would not say I'm no g but close to say I'm no g but close to. Say I'm no g but close to And yeah, I discovered the blockchain And yeah, I discovered the blockchain. And yeah, I discovered the blockchain more kind of patient and since March more kind of patient and since March. More kind of patient and since March 2023, I decided to start my 2023, I decided to start my. 2023, I decided to start my entrepreneurship journey start to to entrepreneurship journey start to to. Entrepreneurship journey start to to build my first solution which was a build my first solution which was a. Build my first solution which was a decentralized storage network. Decentralized storage network. Decentralized storage network. trying to in fact build something trying to in fact build something trying to in fact build something. For fast data retrieval because if you for fast data retrieval because if you for fast data retrieval because if you. Are trying if you already tried you know are trying if you already tried you know. Are trying if you already tried you know fon iwave it's made for archival data . Fon iwave it's made for archival data fon iwave it's made for archival data . But once you want to do what storage and but once you want to do what storage and. But once you want to do what storage and to use it in a very frequent way is not to use it in a very frequent way is not. To use it in a very frequent way is not very compatible for this kind of usage. Very compatible for this kind of usage. Very compatible for this kind of usage. So we wanted to step and to try to build So we wanted to step and to try to build. So we wanted to step and to try to build something there but you know building something there but you know building. Something there but you know building solution going through for one year and solution going through for one year and. Solution going through for one year and a half we understood like we talking a half we understood like we talking. A half we understood like we talking with thousand of I was hundred and with thousand of I was hundred and. With thousand of I was hundred and thousand of funders with different thousand of funders with different. Thousand of funders with different conferences par blockchain week ETH conferences par blockchain week ETH. Conferences par blockchain week ETH progCC progCC progCC token 2049 we discover quickly that yes. Token 2049 we discover quickly that yes token 2049 we discover quickly that yes in fact flashback was born from an. In fact flashback was born from an in fact flashback was born from an simple problem it's a vunderlooking. Simple problem it's a vunderlooking simple problem it's a vunderlooking problem everyone is facing that but . Problem everyone is facing that but problem everyone is facing that but yeah if you want custom I have a small. Yeah if you want custom I have a small yeah if you want custom I have a small presentation to help people to go. Presentation to help people to go presentation to help people to go through. Through. Through.  Yeah let's let's go to the  Yeah let's let's go to the  Yeah let's let's go to the. Presentation. Presentation. Presentation.  Okay. Here it is. Here it is. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, yes, Flashback is an AI power code So, yes, Flashback is an AI power code So, yes, Flashback is an AI power code. Defecification solution. Defecification solution. Defecification solution. So we want to be this unified interface So we want to be this unified interface So we want to be this unified interface. For developers and companies to be able for developers and companies to be able for developers and companies to be able. To diversify with centralized and to diversify with centralized and to diversify with centralized and. Decentralized cloud providers. We want decentralized cloud providers. We want decentralized cloud providers. We want. Make we want to make it cheaper, simpler make we want to make it cheaper, simpler. Make we want to make it cheaper, simpler and more flexible to you to deeper your and more flexible to you to deeper your. And more flexible to you to deeper your data storage and in fact make the mic data storage and in fact make the mic. Data storage and in fact make the mic cloud journey something that you can cloud journey something that you can. Cloud journey something that you can start at the beginning of your start at the beginning of your. Start at the beginning of your entrepreneurship or when you want to entrepreneurship or when you want to. Entrepreneurship or when you want to start to build a project. Start to build a project. Start to build a project. So in fact basically we have the large So in fact basically we have the large So in fact basically we have the large. Vendors you know Google cloud AWS vendors you know Google cloud AWS vendors you know Google cloud AWS. Microsoft Azure they are fast and Microsoft Azure they are fast and Microsoft Azure they are fast and. Reliable we know them well they have a reliable we know them well they have a reliable we know them well they have a. Lot of stacks but the thing is that lot of stacks but the thing is that lot of stacks but the thing is that. They're very expensive I think we know they're very expensive I think we know they're very expensive I think we know. We as a developer we know this me of we as a developer we know this me of we as a developer we know this me of . If you want to justify your please you if you want to justify your please you if you want to justify your please you. Just have to say AWS it's very well just have to say AWS it's very well just have to say AWS it's very well. Known very difficult to understand known very difficult to understand known very difficult to understand. All you are doing your expenses is and all you are doing your expenses is and all you are doing your expenses is and. At the same time most of the company at the same time most of the company at the same time most of the company. When they started to deploy with one when they started to deploy with one when they started to deploy with one. Provider they depose so much solution on provider they depose so much solution on. Provider they depose so much solution on the top that they have this fun looking the top that they have this fun looking. The top that they have this fun looking issue which is the major issue today issue which is the major issue today. Issue which is the major issue today because it doesn't allow you to be great because it doesn't allow you to be great. Because it doesn't allow you to be great easily to another provider so you're easily to another provider so you're. Easily to another provider so you're stuck with the bunder stuck with the bunder stuck with the bunder. And the other side we have the and the other side we have the and the other side we have the. Decentralized solutions more affordable decentralized solutions more affordable decentralized solutions more affordable. more privacy rel compliant more privacy rel compliant more privacy rel compliant. and low cost but think that fon for and low cost but think that fon for and low cost but think that fon for. Virus. They're using the blockchain virus. They're using the blockchain virus. They're using the blockchain. Technology and they're using a lot of technology and they're using a lot of technology and they're using a lot of. Protocols and decentralized consensus protocols and decentralized consensus protocols and decentralized consensus. Which makes the system more slower and which makes the system more slower and which makes the system more slower and. So at the same times very difficult for so at the same times very difficult for so at the same times very difficult for. Developers to know the tax and or to developers to know the tax and or to developers to know the tax and or to. Build efficiently with this solution. Build efficiently with this solution. Build efficiently with this solution. So yeah for a company very quickly at So yeah for a company very quickly at So yeah for a company very quickly at. The beginning of the journey you can the beginning of the journey you can the beginning of the journey you can. Spend hundred hours even more spend a spend hundred hours even more spend a spend hundred hours even more spend a. Lot of money to deploy with one or two lot of money to deploy with one or two lot of money to deploy with one or two. Or three different providers to build or three different providers to build or three different providers to build. Your own infrastructure it can be up to your own infrastructure it can be up to your own infrastructure it can be up to. 25% of your revenue you're going to 25% of your revenue you're going to 25% of your revenue you're going to. Inject in fact to develop this at the inject in fact to develop this at the inject in fact to develop this at the. Same time DP technologies very same time DP technologies very same time DP technologies very. Interesting technologies but it's only interesting technologies but it's only interesting technologies but it's only. 0.1% of the market size So I would say 0.1% of the market size So I would say 0.1% of the market size So I would say. That it's still a niche a niche that can that it's still a niche a niche that can. That it's still a niche a niche that can be explored by people but people do not be explored by people but people do not. Be explored by people but people do not have the time to explore them. So it is have the time to explore them. So it is. Have the time to explore them. So it is why we have decide to build flashback. Why we have decide to build flashback. Why we have decide to build flashback. So with flashback you can do a cloud So with flashback you can do a cloud So with flashback you can do a cloud. Divers it's cloud diversification divers it's cloud diversification divers it's cloud diversification. Platform. So in fact you're going to platform. So in fact you're going to platform. So in fact you're going to. Have three different advantages. Have three different advantages. Have three different advantages. The first one you will be able to reduce The first one you will be able to reduce. The first one you will be able to reduce your cost because by deploying on your cost because by deploying on. Your cost because by deploying on flashback what you can do is indeed play flashback what you can do is indeed play. Flashback what you can do is indeed play with centralized providers quite with centralized providers quite. With centralized providers quite expensive but sometimes play with expensive but sometimes play with. Expensive but sometimes play with decentralized providers you can have decentralized providers you can have. Decentralized providers you can have this easy access to deep technologies. This easy access to deep technologies. This easy access to deep technologies. We want to make it very easy like you We want to make it very easy like you We want to make it very easy like you. Connect you deploy your bucket. You connect you deploy your bucket. You connect you deploy your bucket. You. Connect your bucket with this connect your bucket with this connect your bucket with this . Providers which are some specific providers which are some specific providers which are some specific. Services on the top to deploy buckets. Services on the top to deploy buckets. Services on the top to deploy buckets. And then of course we want to make the And then of course we want to make the And then of course we want to make the. Mutual deployment seamless not only for mutual deployment seamless not only for mutual deployment seamless not only for. Large companies but at some time for large companies but at some time for large companies but at some time for. Startups for five coders anyone that startups for five coders anyone that startups for five coders anyone that. Want to indeed start at the beginning of want to indeed start at the beginning of. Want to indeed start at the beginning of the development of of their technology the development of of their technology. The development of of their technology to have a multi cloud approach and so to to have a multi cloud approach and so to. To have a multi cloud approach and so to not to get right the bundle looking not to get right the bundle looking. Not to get right the bundle looking issue. Issue. Issue. I think it's mainly for the main I think it's mainly for the main I think it's mainly for the main. Presentation, but what I can do is presentation, but what I can do is presentation, but what I can do is. Perhaps if it's okay to make like a perhaps if it's okay to make like a perhaps if it's okay to make like a. Little live demo of the platform. Little live demo of the platform. Little live demo of the platform.  Sure, let's do that.  Sure, let's do that.  Sure, let's do that.  Okay, let's go. ,  Okay, let's go. ,  Okay, let's go. ,.  deos is always fun.  deos is always fun.  deos is always fun.  Live demo is always fun, you know.  Live demo is always fun, you know.  Live demo is always fun, you know.  Yeah,  Yeah,  Yeah,  it's let's let's see what's u Okay, I.  it's let's let's see what's u Okay, I  it's let's let's see what's u Okay, I. Can share the screen and just get used can share the screen and just get used can share the screen and just get used. To the system. I will share my work. Can I share my I will share my work. Can I share my work screen? Okay, let's go like this. Work screen? Okay, let's go like this. Work screen? Okay, let's go like this. It would be easier because we're going It would be easier because we're going It would be easier because we're going. To jump between my spider and to jump between my spider and to jump between my spider and . Okay, great. Okay, great. Okay, great. So, So, So, this is the platform. This is the platform. This is the platform. Very simple. so with the platform of Very simple. so with the platform of Very simple. so with the platform of. Course you can read about the platform. Course you can read about the platform. Course you can read about the platform. So it's platform.flashback.tech tech and So it's platform.flashback.tech tech and. So it's platform.flashback.tech tech and of course you can learn more you have a of course you can learn more you have a. Of course you can learn more you have a documentation I just open here the documentation I just open here the. Documentation I just open here the documentation you can go through the documentation you can go through the. Documentation you can go through the documentation documentation documentation a lot of information about indeed what. A lot of information about indeed what a lot of information about indeed what we are building why we're building this. We are building why we're building this we are building why we're building this you have introduction storage want to. you have introduction storage want to you have introduction storage want to. Make it as transparent as as informative make it as transparent as as informative. Make it as transparent as as informative as possible for people and of course you. As possible for people and of course you as possible for people and of course you. Have some guides to help you to create have some guides to help you to create have some guides to help you to create. Your buckets repository configure your buckets repository configure your buckets repository configure. With the system uploaded on the files with the system uploaded on the files with the system uploaded on the files. So today we are focusing on the optic So today we are focusing on the optic So today we are focusing on the optic. Storage which is the first layer. I will storage which is the first layer. I will. Storage which is the first layer. I will say that any kind of cloud solution but say that any kind of cloud solution but. Say that any kind of cloud solution but indeed in the future want to have indeed in the future want to have. Indeed in the future want to have more features according to what more features according to what. More features according to what developers can bring us what developers developers can bring us what developers. Developers can bring us what developers can bring us in term of feedback and can bring us in term of feedback and. Can bring us in term of feedback and information what they want to have in information what they want to have in. Information what they want to have in this platform. So feel free as well to this platform. So feel free as well to. This platform. So feel free as well to to to give any kind of feedback. you to to give any kind of feedback. you. To to give any kind of feedback. you have a lot of API references if you are have a lot of API references if you are. Have a lot of API references if you are more in depth of indeed interacted with more in depth of indeed interacted with. More in depth of indeed interacted with our flashback API. Our flashback API. Our flashback API. So we we are trying to make it this as So we we are trying to make it this as So we we are trying to make it this as. Flexible as as possible for developers flexible as as possible for developers flexible as as possible for developers. And indeed being able to to to play and indeed being able to to to play and indeed being able to to to play. With the platform in the best way. So with the platform in the best way. So with the platform in the best way. So. Let let me let let me let let me of course you can sign up sign up of course you can sign up sign up. Of course you can sign up sign up with your Google or GitHub account. With your Google or GitHub account. With your Google or GitHub account. You couldn't create otherwise you know you couldn't create otherwise you know you couldn't create otherwise you know. Email password it's okay and of email password it's okay and of email password it's okay and of. Course login so in this case I'm going course login so in this case I'm going course login so in this case I'm going. To log with my Google account to log with my Google account to log with my Google account. Just a few time and here and here of course you have the platform so the the you have the platform so the the. Platform platform platform made we try to make things very simple made we try to make things very simple. Made we try to make things very simple to understand what's going on at the to understand what's going on at the. To understand what's going on at the same time on the microord level. So the same time on the microord level. So the. Same time on the microord level. So the idea is to abstract the fact that you're idea is to abstract the fact that you're. Idea is to abstract the fact that you're going to work with different code going to work with different code. Going to work with different code providers or to provide you all the providers or to provide you all the. Providers or to provide you all the information to understand how you can information to understand how you can. Information to understand how you can interact with different code providers. Interact with different code providers. Interact with different code providers. So you have an overview page where So you have an overview page where So you have an overview page where. Indeed you can have some links to the indeed you can have some links to the indeed you can have some links to the. Documentation you need and to start your documentation you need and to start your. Documentation you need and to start your journey with the platform. Journey with the platform. Journey with the platform. some statistics transfer packet some statistics transfer packet some statistics transfer packet. Activity so the packet activity activity so the packet activity activity so the packet activity. Is part of the cloud storage where we is part of the cloud storage where we is part of the cloud storage where we. Have the repository and buckets so let's have the repository and buckets so let's. Have the repository and buckets so let's see the buckets so I won't go deep in see the buckets so I won't go deep in. See the buckets so I won't go deep in term of what is a bucket I think people term of what is a bucket I think people. Term of what is a bucket I think people who already are using no AWS or GCP who already are using no AWS or GCP. Who already are using no AWS or GCP or some S3 compatible solution can or some S3 compatible solution can. Or some S3 compatible solution can indeed understand what is a bucket so indeed understand what is a bucket so. Indeed understand what is a bucket so here in fact it's with we are starting here in fact it's with we are starting. Here in fact it's with we are starting kind of flashback buckets to connect kind of flashback buckets to connect. Kind of flashback buckets to connect your buckets from AWS or GCP to the your buckets from AWS or GCP to the. Your buckets from AWS or GCP to the flashback system. So very briefly I want flashback system. So very briefly I want. Flashback system. So very briefly I want to go far but for instance if you are to go far but for instance if you are. To go far but for instance if you are using AWS you can have different using AWS you can have different. Using AWS you can have different buckets. So here you have like three or buckets. So here you have like three or. Buckets. So here you have like three or four different buckets and indeed you four different buckets and indeed you. Four different buckets and indeed you can indeed find this bucket here. So two can indeed find this bucket here. So two. Can indeed find this bucket here. So two connects. Connects. Connects. Let's see if we can just cancel this one Let's see if we can just cancel this one. Let's see if we can just cancel this one for instance. Deleted for instance. Deleted. For instance. Deleted sure if it's going to work. Ah okay. Sure if it's going to work. Ah okay. Sure if it's going to work. Ah okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. so to connect a bucket you have so to connect a bucket you have so to connect a bucket you have. Different ways to connect your bucket. Different ways to connect your bucket. Different ways to connect your bucket. You can connect your bucket with GCP AWS You can connect your bucket with GCP AWS. You can connect your bucket with GCP AWS Azure. So Azure is bit different. So Azure. So Azure is bit different. So. Azure. So Azure is bit different. So every provider has its own concept of every provider has its own concept of. Every provider has its own concept of all you can store you can do object all you can store you can do object. All you can store you can do object storage with the cloud. So today we storage with the cloud. So today we. Storage with the cloud. So today we tested these five providers. You can tested these five providers. You can. Tested these five providers. You can find FCON. So we're using in fact find FCON. So we're using in fact. Find FCON. So we're using in fact through FCON we're using AAV which is an through FCON we're using AAV which is an. Through FCON we're using AAV which is an S3 compatible provider on the top of S3 compatible provider on the top of. S3 compatible provider on the top of Finch system is S3 compatible. But Finch system is S3 compatible. But . Finch system is S3 compatible. But feel free as well if you subscribe to feel free as well if you subscribe to. Feel free as well if you subscribe to the platform and want to try it to test the platform and want to try it to test. The platform and want to try it to test the the other S3 compatible providers. The the other S3 compatible providers. The the other S3 compatible providers. Yeah, you can try I know there is Yeah, you can try I know there is Yeah, you can try I know there is. Some pinata stuff like this. So feel some pinata stuff like this. So feel some pinata stuff like this. So feel. Free to get your API key stuff like this free to get your API key stuff like this. Free to get your API key stuff like this and to set up your system. But for and to set up your system. But for. And to set up your system. But for instance, if you're using instance, if you're using. Instance, if you're using and then IWS, so let's see, I'm going to and then IWS, so let's see, I'm going to. And then IWS, so let's see, I'm going to give a label a label for my my bucket give a label a label for my my bucket. Give a label a label for my my bucket and see look. I'm going to create a and see look. I'm going to create a. And see look. I'm going to create a new bucket on my account. This way I can new bucket on my account. This way I can. New bucket on my account. This way I can show you that show you that show you that. Can work. So let's create a bucket on my can work. So let's create a bucket on my. Can work. So let's create a bucket on my AWS account. Oh, come on. You prepare AWS account. Oh, come on. You prepare. AWS account. Oh, come on. You prepare everything to be log and you're log out. Everything to be log and you're log out. Everything to be log and you're log out. Huh? So, let's see if we can go fast. So, let's see if we can go fast. Sign inh. Sign inh. Sign inh. No way. See later. Just want to skip for No way. See later. Just want to skip for. No way. See later. Just want to skip for now. Now. Now. Of course, always set up a lot of Of course, always set up a lot of Of course, always set up a lot of. Security there. But yeah, let's create a bucket. There. But yeah, let's create a bucket. Okay. So, we're in the we're going to Okay. So, we're in the we're going to Okay. So, we're in the we're going to. Create a bucket that say like the create a bucket that say like the create a bucket that say like the. Thieves thieves thieves AWS buckets AWS buckets AWS buckets and PH and PH. And PH blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. We're just so you can go through these We're just so you can go through these We're just so you can go through these. Different stuff depending on you're different stuff depending on you're different stuff depending on you're. Working with its but of course for us working with its but of course for us working with its but of course for us. And for the purpose of the demonstration and for the purpose of the demonstration. And for the purpose of the demonstration we're just going to create the bucket we're just going to create the bucket. We're just going to create the bucket directly. Here we are. Directly. Here we are. Directly. Here we are. And so this field bucket I can just keep And so this field bucket I can just keep. And so this field bucket I can just keep the name here. So it's good to there is the name here. So it's good to there is. The name here. So it's good to there is some information to provide of course in some information to provide of course in. Some information to provide of course in the platform to be able to set up your the platform to be able to set up your. The platform to be able to set up your buckets. but you need let's say that buckets. but you need let's say that. Buckets. but you need let's say that it's my VSS it's my VSS it's my VSS buckets. Buckets buckets fivebs fivebs fivebs here some stuff. so yeah if I show here some stuff. so yeah if I show. Here some stuff. so yeah if I show you my secret and access key the I'm you my secret and access key the I'm. You my secret and access key the I'm not sure I'm sharing my work screen, not sure I'm sharing my work screen,. Not sure I'm sharing my work screen, right? So, right? So, right? So,  yeah, I can I can pause it for a.  yeah, I can I can pause it for a  yeah, I can I can pause it for a. Moment if you want. Moment if you want. Moment if you want.  Oh, yeah. Just if I can just this way.  Oh, yeah. Just if I can just this way.  Oh, yeah. Just if I can just this way. Yeah, in this way I can just Yeah, in this way I can just Yeah, in this way I can just. perfect. Thank you, custom. perfect. Thank you, custom. perfect. Thank you, custom.  Thank you for my privacy.  Thank you for my privacy.  Thank you for my privacy.  so, let me find my keys and  so, let me find my keys and  so, let me find my keys and. Information like this. So there is a delegation system as well So there is a delegation system as well where you can delegate instead of indeed. Where you can delegate instead of indeed where you can delegate instead of indeed. Setting up the API keys and the secrets setting up the API keys and the secrets setting up the API keys and the secrets. Where we have to store it and to split where we have to store it and to split where we have to store it and to split. It in different servers. You can use a it in different servers. You can use a it in different servers. You can use a. Delegation system which allow you in delegation system which allow you in delegation system which allow you in. Fact to not share with us this kind of fact to not share with us this kind of fact to not share with us this kind of. Secrets or to keep a kind of a better secrets or to keep a kind of a better. Secrets or to keep a kind of a better security for you and your privacy. Okay, just a minute. Just Okay, just a minute. Just this one. Okay, I'm just going to copy paste. Just Okay, I'm just going to copy paste. Just. One second. Here we are. Here we are. Okay, you can share again my screen. I Okay, you can share again my screen. I Okay, you can share again my screen. I. Think you're custom.  So you see my screen normally.  So you see my screen normally.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Okay. We So we said key secret key in  Okay. We So we said key secret key in.  Okay. We So we said key secret key in this way. I can create my packets and. This way. I can create my packets and this way. I can create my packets and too many requests. What did what did I. Too many requests. What did what did I too many requests. What did what did I do? . Do? do? okay. No worries. It's part of the test. Okay. No worries. It's part of the test. Okay. No worries. It's part of the test. Instant navigation. So what we're going instant navigation. So what we're going instant navigation. So what we're going. To do is that we are we're assuming that to do is that we are we're assuming that. To do is that we are we're assuming that you create your account. You can do that. You create your account. You can do that you create your account. You can do that. With GCP as well. So same for GCP you have all the So same for GCP you have all the information to provide. Information to provide information to provide and according to what you you want to. And according to what you you want to and according to what you you want to. Provide it's I have a sound from my provide it's I have a sound from my provide it's I have a sound from my. Side Kirsten I don't know if you have side Kirsten I don't know if you have side Kirsten I don't know if you have. The same the same the same  you have one  you have one  you have one.  okay no I have a strange sound in my  okay no I have a strange sound in my.  okay no I have a strange sound in my ear anyway so depending on the. Ear anyway so depending on the ear anyway so depending on the different information you have to. Different information you have to different information you have to provide so Google cloud storage is. Provide so Google cloud storage is provide so Google cloud storage is different information. So of course the. Different information. So of course the different information. So of course the best is to refer to create the bucket. Best is to refer to create the bucket best is to refer to create the bucket. For instance to get the information or for instance to get the information or for instance to get the information or. Or to create the bucket. So there or to create the bucket. So there or to create the bucket. So there. Some information to provide to connect some information to provide to connect some information to provide to connect. Your bucket with with a solution. Your bucket with with a solution. Your bucket with with a solution. So once you indeed provide your So once you indeed provide your So once you indeed provide your. Bucket so it's create your bucket you bucket so it's create your bucket you bucket so it's create your bucket you. Have this status in fact we're using a have this status in fact we're using a have this status in fact we're using a. Technology which called the bridge node. Technology which called the bridge node. Technology which called the bridge node. You can as well find some information in You can as well find some information in. You can as well find some information in in the documentation. So we explain what. In the documentation. So we explain what in the documentation. So we explain what. Is the bridge node and indeed the is the bridge node and indeed the is the bridge node and indeed the. Purpose of the bridge node. So we have purpose of the bridge node. So we have purpose of the bridge node. So we have. Some region we're covering. So the some region we're covering. So the some region we're covering. So the. Bridge node is mainly in fact a system bridge node is mainly in fact a system bridge node is mainly in fact a system. That allow us to interact with the that allow us to interact with the that allow us to interact with the. Different providers. It's our AP different providers. It's our AP different providers. It's our AP. Technology and it's where in fact we can technology and it's where in fact we can. Technology and it's where in fact we can get and collect different metrics of get and collect different metrics of. Get and collect different metrics of your different buckets. Your different buckets. Your different buckets. And so of course once you create your And so of course once you create your. And so of course once you create your buckets you can create what we call a. buckets you can create what we call a buckets you can create what we call a. Repo. So we have we we have created I repo. So we have we we have created I repo. So we have we we have created I. Created this morning in different created this morning in different created this morning in different. Buckets and of course you have this buckets and of course you have this buckets and of course you have this. Repo. So when you want once you want to repo. So when you want once you want to repo. So when you want once you want to. Create a repo you can call it any names create a repo you can call it any names create a repo you can call it any names. You want like repo 6 five like this you you want like repo 6 five like this you you want like repo 6 five like this you. Can add one or two packets different can add one or two packets different can add one or two packets different. Because let's GCP one create because let's GCP one create because let's GCP one create. Okay okay okay I should I should disconnect in fact I should I should disconnect in fact I. I should I should disconnect in fact I think so think so think so anyway so I continue. Anyway so I continue anyway so I continue say that you just say that you just say that you just.  yeah yeah it's anation but it's okay  yeah yeah it's anation but it's okay.  yeah yeah it's anation but it's okay it's part the it's part the it's part the.  yeah it just went live. This this  yeah it just went live. This this .  yeah it just went live. This this this this just went live and you. This this just went live and you this this just went live and you already told me that anyone who use it. Already told me that anyone who use it already told me that anyone who use it you would appreciate feedback because it. You would appreciate feedback because it you would appreciate feedback because it. Is in the very early stage of being is in the very early stage of being is in the very early stage of being. Live. So if if any of you try it out live. So if if any of you try it out live. So if if any of you try it out . I know I know feedback is very I know I know feedback is very I know I know feedback is very. Appreciated. Appreciated. Appreciated. So these things happen. So these things happen. So these things happen.  Exactly. We have a button to give a lot  Exactly. We have a button to give a lot.  Exactly. We have a button to give a lot of feedback. So feel free to give any. Of feedback. So feel free to give any of feedback. So feel free to give any. Kind of feedback. indeed it we we kind of feedback. indeed it we we kind of feedback. indeed it we we. Started to develop this in fact started to develop this in fact started to develop this in fact . Just straight after the the so all this just straight after the the so all this just straight after the the so all this. concept since February and then concept since February and then. concept since February and then we want to add this Stellar concept we want to add this Stellar concept. We want to add this Stellar concept of the pin we have but we can come come of the pin we have but we can come come. Of the pin we have but we can come come back on it later and so in fact when we back on it later and so in fact when we. Back on it later and so in fact when we once you have a repo in fact and the once you have a repo in fact and the. Once you have a repo in fact and the repo allow you to indeed have your repo allow you to indeed have your. Repo allow you to indeed have your different buckets so you have the GCP different buckets so you have the GCP. Different buckets so you have the GCP AWS buckets and you can create to API AWS buckets and you can create to API. AWS buckets and you can create to API keys. So here I create an API keys which keys. So here I create an API keys which. Keys. So here I create an API keys which allow me in fact I will try to make it a. Allow me in fact I will try to make it a allow me in fact I will try to make it a. Very simple demo if it's working very simple demo if it's working very simple demo if it's working . To test any storage but indeed for to test any storage but indeed for to test any storage but indeed for. Instance if I want to store so I have a instance if I want to store so I have a instance if I want to store so I have a. Repo I provide some access key repo I provide some access key repo I provide some access key. Secret key so of course I did it in in secret key so of course I did it in in secret key so of course I did it in in. JS and stuff like this and of course if JS and stuff like this and of course if JS and stuff like this and of course if. We can make this little example we are we can make this little example we are we can make this little example we are. Going to transfer this genus bill. I going to transfer this genus bill. I going to transfer this genus bill. I. Took the the text of the genus bill and took the the text of the genus bill and took the the text of the genus bill, and now we're going to create the genus bill now we're going to create the genus bill. Now we're going to create the genus bill and copy eight. And copy eight. And copy eight. so let's go. Here we are. So right now we're storing Here we are. So right now we're storing with an S3 endpoint to S3 buckets. So. with an S3 endpoint to S3 buckets. So with an S3 endpoint to S3 buckets. So. We can see that we store something. We we can see that we store something. We we can see that we store something. We. Can always check that is working. But if can always check that is working. But if. Can always check that is working. But if we're looking the second AWS buckets, we. We're looking the second AWS buckets, we we're looking the second AWS buckets, we. Should probably see this. We have a lot should probably see this. We have a lot should probably see this. We have a lot. Of test of test of test P8 which is here. but of course what P8 which is here. but of course what. P8 which is here. but of course what is very funny is to see if in our you is very funny is to see if in our you. Is very funny is to see if in our you know Google buckets from an S S3 know Google buckets from an S S3. Know Google buckets from an S S3 endpoint we can get something there. So endpoint we can get something there. So. Endpoint we can get something there. So we're going to copy paste in term of we're going to copy paste in term of. We're going to copy paste in term of bucket name which is great because GCS bucket name which is great because GCS. Bucket name which is great because GCS and AWS is using some same and AWS is using some same . And AWS is using some same wording. so let me go on the wording. so let me go on the. Wording. so let me go on the platform. You can find in fact duplicate platform. You can find in fact duplicate. Platform. You can find in fact duplicate names directly on the report details. Names directly on the report details. Names directly on the report details. So So So this one is the GCP one. I'm going to this one is the GCP one. I'm going to. This one is the GCP one. I'm going to copy paste and copy paste and copy paste and. And here we are. Good. cut and here we are. Good. cut and here we are. Good. cut and we're going to send this same copy. And we're going to send this same copy and we're going to send this same copy to the GCP. So we have an S3 end points. To the GCP. So we have an S3 end points to the GCP. So we have an S3 end points and we're sending to DCP. Okay, thanks. And we're sending to DCP. Okay, thanks and we're sending to DCP. Okay, thanks to in fact this bridge node which is. To in fact this bridge node which is to in fact this bridge node which is this address. This address. This address. Okay, so we can check it is Okay. And here we are. So of course Okay. And here we are. So of course . Alpha vision right now I just show alpha vision right now I just show alpha vision right now I just show. You with an S3 endpoints to store with you with an S3 endpoints to store with you with an S3 endpoints to store with. GCS and AWS. you can try with Azure GCS and AWS. you can try with Azure GCS and AWS. you can try with Azure. Through the the tutorials. You can through the the tutorials. You can through the the tutorials. You can. Indeed provide some feedback if it's indeed provide some feedback if it's indeed provide some feedback if it's. Working or not. It's a truly alpha working or not. It's a truly alpha working or not. It's a truly alpha. Vision. We're going to do a more stable vision. We're going to do a more stable vision. We're going to do a more stable. Vision in September with indeed more vision in September with indeed more vision in September with indeed more. Better UI and some improvements better UI and some improvements . Better UI and some improvements such as the private bridge nodes because. Such as the private bridge nodes because such as the private bridge nodes because. Today the bridge nodes are hosted by today the bridge nodes are hosted by today the bridge nodes are hosted by. Flashback. But the idea indeed is to Flashback. But the idea indeed is to Flashback. But the idea indeed is to . To to let you to be able to deploy this to to let you to be able to deploy this to to let you to be able to deploy this. Node in your tenants. And so to manage node in your tenants. And so to manage node in your tenants. And so to manage. Your your strateging my screen should work like this. Okay, my screen should work like this. Okay,. Perfect. So it's globally all about perfect. So it's globally all about perfect. So it's globally all about . The presentation about this little live the presentation about this little live the presentation about this little live. Demo with all the bugs we got. but demo with all the bugs we got. but demo with all the bugs we got. but. Yeah, of course it's still an alpha yeah, of course it's still an alpha yeah, of course it's still an alpha. Vision, an improved beta vision vision, an improved beta vision vision, an improved beta vision . For for for flashback and our road map for for for flashback and our road map for for for flashback and our road map. Is very simple. We want indeed stabilize is very simple. We want indeed stabilize. Is very simple. We want indeed stabilize all of this. It's always a complex all of this. It's always a complex. All of this. It's always a complex features. If it was simple you will features. If it was simple you will. Features. If it was simple you will have this everywhere. So we decided to have this everywhere. So we decided to. Have this everywhere. So we decided to take this challenge and and thanks to take this challenge and and thanks to. Take this challenge and and thanks to Stella, we we have this chance to indeed Stella, we we have this chance to indeed. Stella, we we have this chance to indeed push it with Stella. We have this push it with Stella. We have this . Push it with Stella. We have this in the Stellar community fund for the one in the Stellar community fund for the one. In the Stellar community fund for the one who are interesting. There is in fact a who are interesting. There is in fact a. Who are interesting. There is in fact a second product and feature called the second product and feature called the. Second product and feature called the flashback DP where in fact we as you can flashback DP where in fact we as you can. Flashback DP where in fact we as you can see in fact with this platform you see in fact with this platform you. See in fact with this platform you interact with the platform with the interact with the platform with the. Interact with the platform with the service level of cloud providers. So service level of cloud providers. So. Service level of cloud providers. So of course it's still still the services of course it's still still the services. Of course it's still still the services but if you want to interact with I but if you want to interact with I. But if you want to interact with I would say data centers or in a higher would say data centers or in a higher. Would say data centers or in a higher privacy model you the the flashback privacy model you the the flashback. Privacy model you the the flashback DP will allow you in fact to interact DP will allow you in fact to interact. DP will allow you in fact to interact with the data center is going to ask is with the data center is going to ask is. With the data center is going to ask is hardware a software connect is bridge hardware a software connect is bridge. Hardware a software connect is bridge nodes and then connect to the DBN nodes and then connect to the DBN. Nodes and then connect to the DBN marketplace and so the Stellar is marketplace and so the Stellar is. Marketplace and so the Stellar is Stellar is going to play a big key role Stellar is going to play a big key role. Stellar is going to play a big key role there because we're going to deploy all there because we're going to deploy all. There because we're going to deploy all smart contract with Stellar to indeed smart contract with Stellar to indeed. Smart contract with Stellar to indeed manage as marketplace as the same times manage as marketplace as the same times. Manage as marketplace as the same times to collect thanks to our bridge to collect thanks to our bridge. To collect thanks to our bridge nodes to our smart contracts all the nodes to our smart contracts all the. Nodes to our smart contracts all the quality of services agreements and all quality of services agreements and all. Quality of services agreements and all the metric related to that. So in the the metric related to that. So in the. The metric related to that. So in the marketplace what you're going to find as marketplace what you're going to find as. Marketplace what you're going to find as a consumer you're going to connect to a consumer you're going to connect to. A consumer you're going to connect to the flashback DPIN platform. You're the flashback DPIN platform. You're. The flashback DPIN platform. You're going to find different offers from going to find different offers from. Going to find different offers from different providers. You're going to different providers. You're going to. Different providers. You're going to select the ones you want. Then these select the ones you want. Then these. Select the ones you want. Then these ones are going to give you thanks to the ones are going to give you thanks to the. Ones are going to give you thanks to the bridge note which is S3 compatible and bridge note which is S3 compatible and. Bridge note which is S3 compatible and stuff like this. We believe that they're stuff like this. We believe that they're. Stuff like this. We believe that they're going to use you know like system like going to use you know like system like. Going to use you know like system like Mio. So they are going to give you an Mio. So they are going to give you an. Mio. So they are going to give you an API keys and stuff like this. So you can API keys and stuff like this. So you can. API keys and stuff like this. So you can already interact with in in S3 in a very. Already interact with in in S3 in a very already interact with in in S3 in a very. Easy way and of course then once you easy way and of course then once you easy way and of course then once you. Decide and you have the right agreement decide and you have the right agreement decide and you have the right agreement. With the storage providers we deploy all with the storage providers we deploy all. With the storage providers we deploy all of this in the smart contract and then of this in the smart contract and then. Of this in the smart contract and then we operate and the bridge is going to we operate and the bridge is going to. We operate and the bridge is going to say okay this is the quality of services say okay this is the quality of services. Say okay this is the quality of services of the storage with the consumer speed I. Of the storage with the consumer speed I of the storage with the consumer speed I. Mean upload download speed latency stuff mean upload download speed latency stuff. Mean upload download speed latency stuff like this and according to the quality like this and according to the quality. Like this and according to the quality they agreed to increase the reputation they agreed to increase the reputation. They agreed to increase the reputation score of contract on earth as a score of contract on earth as a. Score of contract on earth as a providers as well and then it's where providers as well and then it's where. Providers as well and then it's where you start to have a bit of tokconomics you start to have a bit of tokconomics. You start to have a bit of tokconomics and stuff like this. So it's what we we and stuff like this. So it's what we we. And stuff like this. So it's what we we want to achieve with Stellar and want to achieve with Stellar and. Want to achieve with Stellar and normally we should have the first trench normally we should have the first trench. Normally we should have the first trench one delivered within the next weeks. So one delivered within the next weeks. So. One delivered within the next weeks. So it's our next goal right now. It's our next goal right now. It's our next goal right now.  That's super exciting and and I think  That's super exciting and and I think.  That's super exciting and and I think it's it's really interesting. It's an. It's it's really interesting. It's an it's it's really interesting. It's an interesting use case for for for smart. Interesting use case for for for smart interesting use case for for for smart contracts. , just before we went on. Contracts. , just before we went on contracts. , just before we went on the call here, we were talking about. The call here, we were talking about the call here, we were talking about there's a lot of focus on on DeFi. There's a lot of focus on on DeFi there's a lot of focus on on DeFi applications on on chain and and more. Applications on on chain and and more applications on on chain and and more like working with tokenization and real. Like working with tokenization and real like working with tokenization and real world assets and but but this is a very. World assets and but but this is a very world assets and but but this is a very to me is a very untra untraditional. To me is a very untra untraditional to me is a very untra untraditional blockchain project. but but you. blockchain project. but but you blockchain project. but but you have taken some of the some of the. Have taken some of the some of the have taken some of the some of the elements and applied that in in a. Elements and applied that in in a elements and applied that in in a project that or a product that you don't. Project that or a product that you don't project that or a product that you don't. Usually associate with with blockchain usually associate with with blockchain usually associate with with blockchain. And I think that's super interesting. and I think that's super interesting. . And I think that's super interesting. love to see more of that. it's love to see more of that. it's. Love to see more of that. it's it's interesting to see these kind of it's interesting to see these kind of. It's interesting to see these kind of use cases where you are thinking huh use cases where you are thinking huh. Use cases where you are thinking huh that that was not obvious to use that that was not obvious to use. That that was not obvious to use blockchain in that way but it works blockchain in that way but it works. Blockchain in that way but it works really well. So it broadens the the the really well. So it broadens the the the. Really well. So it broadens the the the scope of what you can do and how you scope of what you can do and how you. Scope of what you can do and how you perceive blockchain. So yeah, super perceive blockchain. So yeah, super. Perceive blockchain. So yeah, super interesting. Interesting. Interesting.  Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.  Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.  Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Indeed, it's I would say that for the Indeed, it's I would say that for the. Indeed, it's I would say that for the the ecosystem, if people are very the ecosystem, if people are very. The ecosystem, if people are very curious about this kind of technology, curious about this kind of technology,. Curious about this kind of technology, it's the deep technology finally. so it's the deep technology finally. so. It's the deep technology finally. so the central physical infrastructure the central physical infrastructure. The central physical infrastructure network some people are indeed deploying network some people are indeed deploying. Network some people are indeed deploying their own blockchain and their own their own blockchain and their own. Their own blockchain and their own protocol stuff like this. For us, we protocol stuff like this. For us, we. Protocol stuff like this. For us, we prefer to use the existing existing prefer to use the existing existing. Prefer to use the existing existing blockchain and to build in fact with blockchain and to build in fact with. Blockchain and to build in fact with smart contract. which is great with smart contract. which is great with. Smart contract. which is great with Stellar is in fact the flexibility. I Stellar is in fact the flexibility. I. Stellar is in fact the flexibility. I mean we first in Rust which we have a mean we first in Rust which we have a. Mean we first in Rust which we have a preference in rest. sorry Goland. preference in rest. sorry Goland. . Preference in rest. sorry Goland. but yeah we have a preference in Rust. But yeah we have a preference in Rust. But yeah we have a preference in Rust. the Stellar kit kit is very nice and the Stellar kit kit is very nice and the Stellar kit kit is very nice and. And the thing is that with all the and the thing is that with all the and the thing is that with all the. Programs you're doing like with the programs you're doing like with the programs you're doing like with the. University is great because indeed you university is great because indeed you university is great because indeed you. Can you can discover the ecosystem can you can discover the ecosystem. Can you can discover the ecosystem and to you can truly develop something and to you can truly develop something. And to you can truly develop something real.  Great. Yeah. I don't know if  Great. Yeah. I don't know if. There's any questions from anyone there's any questions from anyone there's any questions from anyone. Watching but otherwise I say this watching but otherwise I say this watching but otherwise I say this. Was this is super great to see this was this is super great to see this was this is super great to see this. Demo. I remember talking to you demo. I remember talking to you demo. I remember talking to you. About this about a year ago and I about this about a year ago and I about this about a year ago and I. Thought this is an interesting use case. Thought this is an interesting use case. Thought this is an interesting use case. I would love to see that in real life I would love to see that in real life. I would love to see that in real life and here we are. You launched the the and here we are. You launched the the. And here we are. You launched the the first version and yeah I I've been first version and yeah I I've been. First version and yeah I I've been playing around with it and I think this playing around with it and I think this. Playing around with it and I think this is this is super interesting and is this is super interesting and. Is this is super interesting and everyone who plays around with it if everyone who plays around with it if. Everyone who plays around with it if there's any if you find anything u I there's any if you find anything u I. There's any if you find anything u I think I know that that you're very u think I know that that you're very u. Think I know that that you're very u you're very appreciative of of feedback. You're very appreciative of of feedback. You're very appreciative of of feedback. It is the it is early days of the It is the it is early days of the It is the it is early days of the. Platform. So yeah, please forward any platform. So yeah, please forward any platform. So yeah, please forward any. Feedback you may have. I think we have a feedback you may have. I think we have a. Feedback you may have. I think we have a question here from from Matias. question here from from Matias. . Question here from from Matias. it also raises awareness from other it also raises awareness from other. It also raises awareness from other nonblockchain orient corpse and orgs to nonblockchain orient corpse and orgs to. Nonblockchain orient corpse and orgs to start thinking of integrations to make start thinking of integrations to make. Start thinking of integrations to make things more efficient. Yeah, I think things more efficient. Yeah, I think. Things more efficient. Yeah, I think this is a good example of that. This is a good example of that. This is a good example of that.  Exactly. Exactly. And I think we  Exactly. Exactly. And I think we.  Exactly. Exactly. And I think we blockchain is AI cloud storage it's very. Blockchain is AI cloud storage it's very blockchain is AI cloud storage it's very. Demanding in term of I think that demanding in term of I think that demanding in term of I think that. That's put for the blockchain. So it's that's put for the blockchain. So it's that's put for the blockchain. So it's. Why it's maybe why it's maybe why it's maybe comparative is not so developed comparative is not so developed. comparative is not so developed because there are still a lot of things because there are still a lot of things. Because there are still a lot of things to do around blockchain in term of to do around blockchain in term of. To do around blockchain in term of scalability to make this kind of use scalability to make this kind of use. Scalability to make this kind of use case more and more applicable with the case more and more applicable with the. Case more and more applicable with the blockchain. Yeah, we see a lot of focus blockchain. Yeah, we see a lot of focus. Blockchain. Yeah, we see a lot of focus on on AI not just on tooling but also on on AI not just on tooling but also. On on AI not just on tooling but also like implementing like implementing like implementing. both blockchain and AI in the same both blockchain and AI in the same both blockchain and AI in the same. Application where it makes sense how are application where it makes sense how are. Application where it makes sense how are you using AI. I know if I see on your you using AI. I know if I see on your. You using AI. I know if I see on your website you do mention AI. So in what website you do mention AI. So in what. Website you do mention AI. So in what way are you using AI in your way are you using AI in your. Way are you using AI in your application? Application? Application?  Yeah, so it's true that if people go  Yeah, so it's true that if people go.  Yeah, so it's true that if people go through our website we don't do not. Through our website we don't do not through our website we don't do not mention so much about decentralized. Mention so much about decentralized mention so much about decentralized technologies and stuff like this. and. Technologies and stuff like this. and technologies and stuff like this. and. Indeed because it's like for us a kind indeed because it's like for us a kind indeed because it's like for us a kind. Of motor and people you know see the of motor and people you know see the of motor and people you know see the. Design of the car and not specifically design of the car and not specifically design of the car and not specifically. The motor inside but in our AI we are the motor inside but in our AI we are. The motor inside but in our AI we are going to going to going to I mean from the AI we're going to. I mean from the AI we're going to I mean from the AI we're going to develop we have different steps of the. Develop we have different steps of the develop we have different steps of the we're going to have the first step is. We're going to have the first step is we're going to have the first step is could be a chatbased recommendation. Could be a chatbased recommendation could be a chatbased recommendation system because basically most of the. System because basically most of the system because basically most of the developers v coders even exper. Developers v coders even exper developers v coders even exper people with expertise sometimes needs do. People with expertise sometimes needs do people with expertise sometimes needs do. As well to to see how they can leverage as well to to see how they can leverage as well to to see how they can leverage. In the best way the platform. So we're in the best way the platform. So we're in the best way the platform. So we're. Going to guide people so chart to going to guide people so chart to going to guide people so chart to. Understand what they are looking for in understand what they are looking for in understand what they are looking for in. Term of multi cloud configuration term of multi cloud configuration term of multi cloud configuration. If they're looking for a micro if they're looking for a micro if they're looking for a micro. Configuration if they have some credits configuration if they have some credits configuration if they have some credits. Or we can help them to reduce the cost or we can help them to reduce the cost or we can help them to reduce the cost. And sometimes to take all the benefits and sometimes to take all the benefits and sometimes to take all the benefits. Of this wide ecosystem which is of this wide ecosystem which is of this wide ecosystem which is. Extremely fragmented today. and so extremely fragmented today. and so extremely fragmented today. and so. It's going to be the first version of AI it's going to be the first version of AI. It's going to be the first version of AI and indeed with the use AI needs data. And indeed with the use AI needs data and indeed with the use AI needs data. And so AI can't do a lot if you don't and so AI can't do a lot if you don't and so AI can't do a lot if you don't. Have a lot of people using the platform have a lot of people using the platform have a lot of people using the platform. So it's why I'm pushing people to indeed so it's why I'm pushing people to indeed. So it's why I'm pushing people to indeed try and use the platform because this AI. Try and use the platform because this AI try and use the platform because this AI. Is going to indeed learn more about your is going to indeed learn more about your. Is going to indeed learn more about your patterns and more learn about all you patterns and more learn about all you. Patterns and more learn about all you you can do what you can do with the you can do what you can do with the. You can do what you can do with the platform and then improve your platform and then improve your. Platform and then improve your recommendation in real time saying like recommendation in real time saying like. Recommendation in real time saying like oh yeah you are using this kind of oh yeah you are using this kind of. Oh yeah you are using this kind of storage, you're doing everything in odd storage, you're doing everything in odd. Storage, you're doing everything in odd storage with AWS. While in fact we can storage with AWS. While in fact we can. Storage with AWS. While in fact we can see that 50% of your data are not used see that 50% of your data are not used. See that 50% of your data are not used in a frequent way. So you are just in a frequent way. So you are just. in a frequent way. So you are just being a lot perhaps you can just be being a lot perhaps you can just be. Being a lot perhaps you can just be great part in StarJ or FON and reduce great part in StarJ or FON and reduce. Great part in StarJ or FON and reduce the cost and so it's where the AI is the cost and so it's where the AI is. The cost and so it's where the AI is going to intervene in your journey with going to intervene in your journey with. Going to intervene in your journey with the platform and what we want to achieve the platform and what we want to achieve. The platform and what we want to achieve with AI for decentralization. With AI for decentralization. With AI for decentralization. It's you know decentralizing AI is It's you know decentralizing AI is It's you know decentralizing AI is. Always complex is more perhaps what always complex is more perhaps what always complex is more perhaps what. We are looking at right now is perhaps we are looking at right now is perhaps we are looking at right now is perhaps. On the privacy level perhaps on on the privacy level perhaps on on the privacy level perhaps on. Providing all the is doing certain providing all the is doing certain providing all the is doing certain. Recommendation stuff like this but recommendation stuff like this but recommendation stuff like this but. Right now the decentralized AI is still right now the decentralized AI is still right now the decentralized AI is still. Kind of a baby in in the crypto space. Kind of a baby in in the crypto space. Kind of a baby in in the crypto space.  Yeah. I noticed something you said  Yeah. I noticed something you said.  Yeah. I noticed something you said you said that you're not really. you said that you're not really you said that you're not really advertising. you don't really write that. Advertising. you don't really write that advertising. you don't really write that. You that that you use blockchain. , you that that you use blockchain. , you that that you use blockchain. ,. And I think I think that's actually it and I think I think that's actually it and I think I think that's actually it. It's it's interesting because I see it's it's interesting because I see it's it's interesting because I see. Blockchain as a technology just like blockchain as a technology just like blockchain as a technology just like. Many other technologies. It's not many other technologies. It's not many other technologies. It's not. Necessarily necessarily necessarily that that the users don't really it's that that the users don't really it's. That that the users don't really it's it's information that if if you have a it's information that if if you have a. It's information that if if you have a really nice imple implementation that really nice imple implementation that. Really nice imple implementation that doesn't really have where users don't doesn't really have where users don't. Doesn't really have where users don't have to jump through a lot of hoops that have to jump through a lot of hoops that. Have to jump through a lot of hoops that we usually see in a lot of blockchain we usually see in a lot of blockchain. We usually see in a lot of blockchain applications. It's not really relevant. Applications. It's not really relevant. Applications. It's not really relevant. How you choose to solve the the problems How you choose to solve the the problems. How you choose to solve the the problems is is not you use technology. In this is is not you use technology. In this. Is is not you use technology. In this case you use blockchain. I love to case you use blockchain. I love to. Case you use blockchain. I love to see it be more normalized that see it be more normalized that. See it be more normalized that blockchain you don't need to you don't blockchain you don't need to you don't. Blockchain you don't need to you don't need to put it up as a big banner you're need to put it up as a big banner you're. Need to put it up as a big banner you're using blockchain like more normalized using blockchain like more normalized. Using blockchain like more normalized using blockchain in different kinds of using blockchain in different kinds of. Using blockchain in different kinds of applications so I think I think that's applications so I think I think that's. Applications so I think I think that's that's interesting yeah we have a that's interesting yeah we have a. That's interesting yeah we have a question more from Matias he asked what question more from Matias he asked what. Question more from Matias he asked what you think about awe you think about awe. you think about awe  a good question aweave is  a good question aweave is.  a good question aweave is extremely nice in term of volat of extremely nice in term of volat of. Extremely nice in term of volat of course it's made for this I mean it has course it's made for this I mean it has. Course it's made for this I mean it has been designed for this I know that there been designed for this I know that there. Been designed for this I know that there is they're doing more and more kind of is they're doing more and more kind of. Is they're doing more and more kind of development on the top of the protocol development on the top of the protocol. Development on the top of the protocol there right now to indeed diversify with there right now to indeed diversify with. There right now to indeed diversify with other other other storage type like storage and or at. Storage type like storage and or at storage type like storage and or at least storage perhaps our wave is a. Least storage perhaps our wave is a least storage perhaps our wave is a bit expensive from my u point of view . Bit expensive from my u point of view bit expensive from my u point of view . Specifically if you want to store NFTs specifically if you want to store NFTs specifically if you want to store NFTs. So you know very small portion of data So you know very small portion of data So you know very small portion of data. the cost for a terabytes the cost for a terabytes the cost for a terabytes. is very specific application at least is very specific application at least. Is very specific application at least for the main the core protocol of code I for the main the core protocol of code I. For the main the core protocol of code I know that they're working on different know that they're working on different. Know that they're working on different angle and trying to simplify or doing angle and trying to simplify or doing. Angle and trying to simplify or doing what the cloud is doing finally what the cloud is doing finally. What the cloud is doing finally so I think the next evolution they're so I think the next evolution they're. so I think the next evolution they're going to do can be good I think it's going to do can be good I think it's. Going to do can be good I think it's they got the same issue they got the same issue. They got the same issue that Fon got in the past because Fon did that Fon got in the past because Fon did. That Fon got in the past because Fon did this protocol very interesting consensus. This protocol very interesting consensus this protocol very interesting consensus. By the way. I mean it's very the math by the way. I mean it's very the math by the way. I mean it's very the math. Behind it is it's beautiful. I mean they behind it is it's beautiful. I mean they. Behind it is it's beautiful. I mean they did something very very nice zero did something very very nice zero. Did something very very nice zero knowledge applic too too slow and I don't know all. Too too slow and I don't know all people know about that but you have to people know about that but you have to. People know about that but you have to when you store your data with fon you when you store your data with fon you. When you store your data with fon you have to unlock a portion of gigabytes have to unlock a portion of gigabytes. Have to unlock a portion of gigabytes you have to seal it and then in seal it you have to seal it and then in seal it. You have to seal it and then in seal it so this mechanism that prove that you're so this mechanism that prove that you're. So this mechanism that prove that you're somebody hosting your data at the same somebody hosting your data at the same. Somebody hosting your data at the same time it's very slow to retrieve the data time it's very slow to retrieve the data. Time it's very slow to retrieve the data so they have to work on a lot of systems. So they have to work on a lot of systems so they have to work on a lot of systems. And you know to accept certain central and you know to accept certain central and you know to accept certain central. Centralized process to make it faster centralized process to make it faster centralized process to make it faster. But anyway it's it's part of the but anyway it's it's part of the but anyway it's it's part of the. Blockchain journey I believe that more blockchain journey I believe that more blockchain journey I believe that more. And more the blockchain is going to and more the blockchain is going to and more the blockchain is going to. Evolve the best it would be in term of u evolve the best it would be in term of u. Evolve the best it would be in term of u decentralization for storage and decentralization for storage and. Decentralization for storage and computing and more computing and more computing and more.  great well thank you so much for joining  great well thank you so much for joining.  great well thank you so much for joining today for me It's it's it's today for me It's it's it's. Today for me It's it's it's interesting. It's it's it's been it's interesting. It's it's it's been it's. Interesting. It's it's it's been it's been fun to be a tiny part of this been fun to be a tiny part of this. Been fun to be a tiny part of this journey. I've followed you along the journey. I've followed you along the. Journey. I've followed you along the lines since we on the side since we lines since we on the side since we. Lines since we on the side since we met first time last year and see that met first time last year and see that. Met first time last year and see that you you launched the product and you you launched the product and . You you launched the product and yeah, it's great to see so everyone yeah, it's great to see so everyone. Yeah, it's great to see so everyone please go check it out and yeah, please go check it out and yeah,. Please go check it out and yeah, thank you again for for joining this thank you again for for joining this. Thank you again for for joining this week. Week. Week.  Thank you very much guys.  Thank you very much guys.  Thank you very much guys.  Thank you everyone for for joining.  Thank you everyone for for joining. .  Thank you everyone for for joining. we'll be back again next week.
