Hi everyone welcome to the Stellar open hi everyone welcome to the Stellar open protocol discussion in these meetings. Protocol discussion in these meetings protocol discussion in these meetings. As always we discuss core advancement as always we discuss core advancement as always we discuss core advancement. Proposals caps proposals caps proposals caps which are technical specs that suggest. Which are technical specs that suggest which are technical specs that suggest changes to the Stellar protocol and. Changes to the Stellar protocol and changes to the Stellar protocol and they're necessary to allow that protocol. They're necessary to allow that protocol they're necessary to allow that protocol. To continue to evolve to meet ecosystem to continue to evolve to meet ecosystem to continue to evolve to meet ecosystem. Needs we live stream the meetings so needs we live stream the meetings so needs we live stream the meetings so. That you can follow along I do want to that you can follow along I do want to that you can follow along I do want to. Note it's a technical discussion so if note it's a technical discussion so if note it's a technical discussion so if. You're watching please take a look at you're watching please take a look at you're watching please take a look at. The cap link to in the show description the cap link to in the show description the cap link to in the show description. Cap21 cap21 cap21 we do keep an eye on the discussion box we do keep an eye on the discussion box. We do keep an eye on the discussion box and your comments there inform future and your comments there inform future. And your comments there inform future decisions but our goal today is to talk decisions but our goal today is to talk. Decisions but our goal today is to talk through some final questions about cap through some final questions about cap. Through some final questions about cap 21 so we'll only really address 21 so we'll only really address. 21 so we'll only really address questions here if they're directly questions here if they're directly. Questions here if they're directly related to that goal related to that goal . Related to that goal once again this meeting is part of a once again this meeting is part of a. Once again this meeting is part of a caps life cycle they are started on the caps life cycle they are started on the. Caps life cycle they are started on the Stellar dev mailing list and there's a Stellar dev mailing list and there's a. Stellar dev mailing list and there's a link to that mailing list for anyone who link to that mailing list for anyone who. Link to that mailing list for anyone who wants to participate in future wants to participate in future. Wants to participate in future discussions they're drafted and iterated discussions they're drafted and iterated. Discussions they're drafted and iterated on before they're on before they're on before they're. Drafted or before they end up in this in drafted or before they end up in this in. Drafted or before they end up in this in this discussion in this meeting and this discussion in this meeting and. This discussion in this meeting and based on what happens in this meeting based on what happens in this meeting. Based on what happens in this meeting they may get put up for a vote before they may get put up for a vote before. They may get put up for a vote before the cap committee who decides whether or the cap committee who decides whether or. The cap committee who decides whether or not to accept or reject a cap not to accept or reject a cap. Not to accept or reject a cap after a vote the cap enters a week after a vote the cap enters a week. After a vote the cap enters a week final comment period so everyone has a final comment period so everyone has a. Final comment period so everyone has a last chance to raise questions on that last chance to raise questions on that. Last chance to raise questions on that same mailing list if a cat makes it same mailing list if a cat makes it. Same mailing list if a cat makes it through final comment period it's through final comment period it's. Through final comment period it's implemented in a major release of implemented in a major release of. Implemented in a major release of Stellar core which is then put forward Stellar core which is then put forward. Stellar core which is then put forward for network validators to vote on for network validators to vote on. For network validators to vote on ultimately at the end of the process it ultimately at the end of the process it. Ultimately at the end of the process it is the network that decides on whether is the network that decides on whether. Is the network that decides on whether to accept major protocol changes to accept major protocol changes. To accept major protocol changes on that note on that note on that note there is currently a validator vote to. There is currently a validator vote to there is currently a validator vote to upgrade the network to protocol 18. Upgrade the network to protocol 18 upgrade the network to protocol 18 scheduled for november 3rd that's next. Scheduled for november 3rd that's next scheduled for november 3rd that's next week and so that upgrade would introduce. Week and so that upgrade would introduce week and so that upgrade would introduce. Automated market maker functionality to automated market maker functionality to automated market maker functionality to. Stellar so it's very exciting Stellar so it's very exciting Stellar so it's very exciting. It also introduces some breaking changes it also introduces some breaking changes. It also introduces some breaking changes so if you build on Stellar please make so if you build on Stellar please make. So if you build on Stellar please make sure to install up-to-date versions of sure to install up-to-date versions of. Sure to install up-to-date versions of any Stellar sdks you use any Stellar sdks you use. Any Stellar sdks you use any Stellar sdks along with Stellar core any Stellar sdks along with Stellar core. Any Stellar sdks along with Stellar core and horizon if you run a node and horizon if you run a node. And horizon if you run a node but today we're discussing a different but today we're discussing a different. But today we're discussing a different cap destined potentially for a different cap destined potentially for a different. Cap destined potentially for a different protocol cap 21. Protocol cap 21. Protocol cap 21. Cap 21 lays the groundwork for building cap 21 lays the groundwork for building cap 21 lays the groundwork for building. Payment channels on Stellar payment payment channels on Stellar payment payment channels on Stellar payment. Channels allow multiple parties to channels allow multiple parties to channels allow multiple parties to. Transact off chain and periodically transact off chain and periodically transact off chain and periodically. Settle on chain and among other things settle on chain and among other things settle on chain and among other things. What they do is they make it a lot what they do is they make it a lot what they do is they make it a lot. Easier to build high volume use cases on easier to build high volume use cases on. Easier to build high volume use cases on Stellar so Stellar so Stellar so cap 21 cap 21. Cap 21 it makes technical changes geared it makes technical changes geared it makes technical changes geared. Towards enabling payment channels towards enabling payment channels towards enabling payment channels. Payment channels are great for scaling payment channels are great for scaling payment channels are great for scaling. Network throughput network throughput network throughput that's kind of my overview where we. That's kind of my overview where we that's kind of my overview where we are with cop21 we've discussed it a few. Are with cop21 we've discussed it a few are with cop21 we've discussed it a few times. Times times revisions were revisions were revisions were david made revisions recently based on. David made revisions recently based on david made revisions recently based on the last discussion that we have and so. The last discussion that we have and so the last discussion that we have and so I think where we're at now is like. I think where we're at now is like I think where we're at now is like are there are there. Are there any questions lingering issues anything any questions lingering issues anything. Any questions lingering issues anything that we can go over with cap 21 that we can go over with cap 21 . That we can go over with cap 21 especially anything that's preventing it especially anything that's preventing it. Especially anything that's preventing it from being put forward to the cap from being put forward to the cap. From being put forward to the cap committee for approval committee for approval. Committee for approval so so so anyone got anything anyone got anything anyone got anything. I'm happy to summarize the changes I'm happy to summarize the changes I'm happy to summarize the changes. Awesome perfect pretty minor awesome perfect pretty minor awesome perfect pretty minor. so so so you know there was this thing where like you know there was this thing where like. You know there was this thing where like we said that time points should be we said that time points should be. We said that time points should be signed because like databases were like signed because like databases were like. Signed because like databases were like have is more convenient some databases have is more convenient some databases. Have is more convenient some databases have signed 64-bit numbers but like have signed 64-bit numbers but like. Have signed 64-bit numbers but like then we decided actually that was a bad then we decided actually that was a bad. Then we decided actually that was a bad idea so it's mostly like kind of idea so it's mostly like kind of. Idea so it's mostly like kind of orthogonal to this proposal it's just orthogonal to this proposal it's just. Orthogonal to this proposal it's just like since I we're making use of time like since I we're making use of time. Like since I we're making use of time points and durations and stuff so that's points and durations and stuff so that's. Points and durations and stuff so that's reverted to unsigned well go go over reverted to unsigned well go go over. Reverted to unsigned well go go over the small changes then the small changes then. The small changes then people wanted a note about like the bump people wanted a note about like the bump. People wanted a note about like the bump sequence how like that can like sequence how like that can like. Sequence how like that can like invalidate a transaction in the same invalidate a transaction in the same. Invalidate a transaction in the same block block block the main the main the main. the main change is that the main change is that the main change is that . Basically when you have when you see two basically when you have when you see two. Basically when you have when you see two transactions that are incompatible they transactions that are incompatible they. Transactions that are incompatible they can't both be in the same block because can't both be in the same block because. Can't both be in the same block because like let's say one has like let's say one has. Like let's say one has sequence number 12 and a min seek ledger sequence number 12 and a min seek ledger. Sequence number 12 and a min seek ledger gap of gap of gap of two and the other has like sequence. Two and the other has like sequence two and the other has like sequence number 11. Number 11. Number 11. you know previously you know previously you know previously I can't remember what I said you took. I can't remember what I said you took I can't remember what I said you took the one with like the highest. The one with like the highest the one with like the highest or or or or or or. Or lowest sequence number something or lowest sequence number something or lowest sequence number something. Now you just take the first one that you now you just take the first one that you. Now you just take the first one that you saw and the reason I didn't do that in saw and the reason I didn't do that in. Saw and the reason I didn't do that in the first place because I was worried the first place because I was worried. The first place because I was worried about well now you're going to see a about well now you're going to see a. About well now you're going to see a block and you're going to end up having block and you're going to end up having. Block and you're going to end up having to like fetch transactions that you to like fetch transactions that you. To like fetch transactions that you don't have don't have don't have it turns out you'll have to do that you. It turns out you'll have to do that you it turns out you'll have to do that you have to do that anyway. Have to do that anyway have to do that anyway because this kind of stuff because this kind of stuff. Because this kind of stuff can come out in in other contexts like can come out in in other contexts like. Can come out in in other contexts like if you have two transactions that have if you have two transactions that have. If you have two transactions that have the same sequence number and the same the same sequence number and the same. The same sequence number and the same fee fee fee then you know like and they're flooded. Then you know like and they're flooded then you know like and they're flooded at the same time to different nodes well. At the same time to different nodes well at the same time to different nodes well. Yeah like half the nodes might see one yeah like half the nodes might see one yeah like half the nodes might see one. And half might see another and so we're and half might see another and so we're and half might see another and so we're. Just doing the same thing we just you just doing the same thing we just you just doing the same thing we just you. Keep whichever you saw first and you keep whichever you saw first and you keep whichever you saw first and you. Discard anything you receive later that discard anything you receive later that discard anything you receive later that. Can't exist in the same block as the can't exist in the same block as the can't exist in the same block as the. First one you received is what we is what we david is that what we discussed before. David is that what we discussed before david is that what we discussed before because I thought that was actually. Because I thought that was actually because I thought that was actually taking the lowest I mean. Taking the lowest I mean taking the lowest I mean because I thought this was a potential. Because I thought this was a potential because I thought this was a potential way to artificially like. Way to artificially like way to artificially like delay delay delay forever like that's right you don't you don't think. That's right you don't you don't think the lowest pre-signed contractions right the lowest pre-signed contractions right. The lowest pre-signed contractions right like like a typical of the house like like a typical of the house. Like like a typical of the house first one is right but like a bad a bad first one is right but like a bad a bad. First one is right but like a bad a bad you know you know you know a bad actor can. A bad actor can a bad actor can always submit the always submit the always submit the. The the the the the the the the the lower one right lower one right lower one right. So maybe it's a no it doesn't matter you so maybe it's a no it doesn't matter you. So maybe it's a no it doesn't matter you just take the first one you see so just take the first one you see so. Just take the first one you see so if if something's been flooded and the if if something's been flooded and the. If if something's been flooded and the bad actor bad actor bad actor floods something incompatible it just. Floods something incompatible it just floods something incompatible it just. The validators won't accept that the validators won't accept that the validators won't accept that. Or they won't forward it they would just or they won't forward it they would just. Or they won't forward it they would just well it's more like you have to be first. Well it's more like you have to be first well it's more like you have to be first. To submit your transaction right which to submit your transaction right which to submit your transaction right which. Is kind of annoying from a security is kind of annoying from a security is kind of annoying from a security. Standpoint first first like if if I have like I think we like if if I have like I think we. Like if if I have like I think we discussed that I I'm not exactly sure if discussed that I I'm not exactly sure if. Discussed that I I'm not exactly sure if it was relevant to the it was relevant to the. It was relevant to the to the to the to the protocol that is described in the cup . Yeah because you have like yeah because you have like like all some protocols you have like. Like all some protocols you have like like all some protocols you have like you know many many sequence numbers. You know many many sequence numbers you know many many sequence numbers and the reason you have this gap is it. And the reason you have this gap is it and the reason you have this gap is it allows you to kind of jump forward. Allows you to kind of jump forward allows you to kind of jump forward so I can basically like delay that that. So I can basically like delay that that so I can basically like delay that that transaction in an arbitrary fashion if i. Transaction in an arbitrary fashion if I transaction in an arbitrary fashion if i. Can have if I have access to those can have if I have access to those can have if I have access to those. Pre-signed transactions pre-signed transactions pre-signed transactions I don't remember actually I would. I don't remember actually I would I don't remember actually I would need to go back to the protocol that is. Need to go back to the protocol that is need to go back to the protocol that is described in the cup i. Described in the cup I described in the cup I think maybe it doesn't matter in this. Think maybe it doesn't matter in this think maybe it doesn't matter in this situation. Situation situation can people remember can people remember can people remember I remember the the problem with the. I remember the the problem with the I remember the the problem with the the problem with the old one was that. The problem with the old one was that the problem with the old one was that yeah you could keep you could keep. yeah you could keep you could keep yeah you could keep you could keep. Submitting something submitting something submitting something that would like you know bump the age. That would like you know bump the age that would like you know bump the age. Or or whatever or or whatever or or whatever so so so and so now it's it doesn't matter it's. And so now it's it doesn't matter it's and so now it's it doesn't matter it's just like . Just like just like whichever one you there's nothing there's nothing . I mean I guess there's there's I mean I guess there's there's I mean I guess there's there's. Potentially like a continued potentially like a continued potentially like a continued. Race race race but there's nothing but there's nothing but there's nothing that like inherently. But there's nothing that like inherently but there's nothing that like inherently. Guarantees that the attacker can win the guarantees that the attacker can win the. Guarantees that the attacker can win the race the disclosure yeah like I'm looking. The disclosure yeah like I'm looking at the protocol that described in the at the protocol that described in the. At the protocol that described in the cap so like the disclosure transaction cap so like the disclosure transaction. Cap so like the disclosure transaction is it is it is it using using using . The mean sec the mean sec the mean sec like those ranges all now yeah so basically. Yeah so basically you can and then the second one uses you can and then the second one uses. You can and then the second one uses mince mince mince so it's only the mean think age that. So it's only the mean think age that so it's only the mean think age that would be affected and we don't I think. Would be affected and we don't I think would be affected and we don't I think we don't care in this context because. We don't care in this context because we don't care in this context because dude dude. Dude it it it it depends directly from the it depends directly from the it depends directly from the. Yeah the disclosure is not impacted by yeah the disclosure is not impacted by yeah the disclosure is not impacted by. This flood first type of thing right this flood first type of thing right this flood first type of thing right. Because it doesn't have that because it doesn't have that because it doesn't have that. Mean mean mean mean mean mean age condition age condition age condition. Okay so then it's I think yeah like now okay so then it's I think yeah like now okay so then it's I think yeah like now. I remember like it's I remember like it's I remember like it's for this particular protocol it's it. For this particular protocol it's it for this particular protocol it's it it's fine to take the you know an. It's fine to take the you know an it's fine to take the you know an arbitrary one. Arbitrary one arbitrary one yeah yeah yeah so I mean it doesn't really come up in. So I mean it doesn't really come up in so I mean it doesn't really come up in this protocol because all of the. This protocol because all of the this protocol because all of the disclosure transactions are compatible. Disclosure transactions are compatible disclosure transactions are compatible like they could all yeah exactly yeah. Like they could all yeah exactly yeah like they could all yeah exactly yeah but you could all run run them all in. But you could all run run them all in but you could all run run them all in the same block. The same block the same block yeah so does that mean that the way that so does that mean that the way that. Things are written right now in cap 21 things are written right now in cap 21 things are written right now in cap 21. The question the question the question this take the first one you see approach this take the first one you see approach. This take the first one you see approach seems to work for people seems to work for people. Seems to work for people cool cool cool great yeah it's also simpler to great yeah it's also simpler to. Great yeah it's also simpler to implement yeah I think we actually implement yeah I think we actually. Implement yeah I think we actually discussed some of that last time which discussed some of that last time which. Discussed some of that last time which was was was but it's not perfect in a way that like. But it's not perfect in a way that like but it's not perfect in a way that like already other situations aren't perfect. Already other situations aren't perfect already other situations aren't perfect like two two transactions with the same. Like two two transactions with the same like two two transactions with the same sequence number and fee. Sequence number and fee sequence number and fee so it doesn't make any it doesn't make. So it doesn't make any it doesn't make so it doesn't make any it doesn't make things worse. When you say the first that you see that when you say the first that you see that. Means that is submitted first means that is submitted first means that is submitted first. In real time in real time in real time yes but of course the I mean of course yes but of course the I mean of course. Yes but of course the I mean of course before consensus different validators before consensus different validators. Before consensus different validators will see things in different order right will see things in different order right. Will see things in different order right right I think I don't propagate through right I think I don't propagate through. Right I think I don't propagate through the network the network the network so so. So but I think we you know we already but I think we you know we already but I think we you know we already. Accept the fact that you may need to accept the fact that you may need to accept the fact that you may need to. Kind of refetch the block kind of refetch the block kind of refetch the block you know while it's being nominated so. David are there other david are there other changes that we should walk through changes that we should walk through. Changes that we should walk through that's it wow wow john john john I didn't have any issues when I mean. I didn't have any issues when I mean I didn't have any issues when I mean there's some typos and stuff but I don't. There's some typos and stuff but I don't there's some typos and stuff but I don't. Know if they're you know know if they're you know know if they're you know worth going through. Worth going through worth going through lee I remember that you were doing some. Lee I remember that you were doing some like some like experiments on the like some like experiments on the. Like some like experiments on the kind of performance you can get out of kind of performance you can get out of. Kind of performance you can get out of this I remember you were considering this I remember you were considering. This I remember you were considering different kinds of cases and different kinds of cases and. Different kinds of cases and different like structures of payment different like structures of payment. Different like structures of payment channels that you could do like channels that you could do like. Channels that you could do like synchronous and asynchronous and all synchronous and asynchronous and all. Synchronous and asynchronous and all these other kinds of things do you want these other kinds of things do you want. These other kinds of things do you want to give us like some context on what the to give us like some context on what the. To give us like some context on what the kind of outcome of all of that was what kind of outcome of all of that was what. Kind of outcome of all of that was what the limitations are of this proposal in the limitations are of this proposal in. The limitations are of this proposal in in the in the in the land of what you kind of were. Land of what you kind of were land of what you kind of were experimenting on experimenting on. Experimenting on I don't I don't know because I like the I don't I don't know because I like the. I don't I don't know because I like the it's very clear to me that this produces it's very clear to me that this produces. It's very clear to me that this produces payment channels and they work payment channels and they work. Payment channels and they work but it's not like having not done any but it's not like having not done any. but it's not like having not done any of the experiments myself it's not clear. Of the experiments myself it's not clear of the experiments myself it's not clear. To me what's the limitation like what's to me what's the limitation like what's to me what's the limitation like what's. The best payment channel you can build the best payment channel you can build the best payment channel you can build. Here in terms of throughput in terms of here in terms of throughput in terms of here in terms of throughput in terms of. All these other things all these other things all these other things yeah in terms of . Yeah in terms of yeah in terms of yeah so I think there's a couple of yeah so I think there's a couple of. Yeah so I think there's a couple of things here so things here so things here so we've been doing experiments to. we've been doing experiments to we've been doing experiments to validate validate. Validate does this does this produce a payment does this does this produce a payment. does this does this produce a payment channel that's safe does a producer can channel that's safe does a producer can. Channel that's safe does a producer can you build a payment channel with this you build a payment channel with this. You build a payment channel with this that's predictable that interacts that's predictable that interacts. that's predictable that interacts with things like issued assets well with things like issued assets well. With things like issued assets well interacts with things like regulated interacts with things like regulated. interacts with things like regulated assets assets assets and and and. And yeah like what sort of performance and yeah like what sort of performance and yeah like what sort of performance. Can you get out of it I think the can you get out of it I think the can you get out of it I think the. Performance thing is something that performance thing is something that performance thing is something that. We're still we're still we're still experimenting with so and it's still experimenting with so and it's still. Experimenting with so and it's still something that we're something that we're. Something that we're we're figuring that out and we're figuring that out and we're figuring that out and. in terms of everything else what in terms of everything else what in terms of everything else what. We've seen we've seen we've seen you know we have discovered you know we have discovered. You know we have discovered is this better is this better okay yes so what we're seeing is that it. yes so what we're seeing is that it works really well with issued assets works really well with issued assets . Works really well with issued assets and and and we've written up a more a thorough sort. We've written up a more a thorough sort we've written up a more a thorough sort of description about how you would. Of description about how you would of description about how you would implement this so that it's safe. Implement this so that it's safe implement this so that it's safe you know with trust lines and can be. You know with trust lines and can be you know with trust lines and can be predictable. Predictable predictable with trust lines and we have ideas as with trust lines and we have ideas as. With trust lines and we have ideas as well well well for how this would work with regulated. For how this would work with regulated for how this would work with regulated assets things like the assets that use. Assets things like the assets that use assets things like the assets that use ecosystem standards like sep 8. Ecosystem standards like sep 8 ecosystem standards like sep 8 and it looks like it fits those. And it looks like it fits those and it looks like it fits those fit those use cases well as well so i. Fit those use cases well as well so I fit those use cases well as well so I think. Think think the experimentation we've done to the experimentation we've done to the experimentation we've done to. Validate does cap 21 enable payment validate does cap 21 enable payment validate does cap 21 enable payment. Channels channels channels sufficiently then I think the answer is sufficiently then I think the answer is. Sufficiently then I think the answer is yes it does yes it does yes it does . in terms of like you know what in terms of like you know what in terms of like you know what. Problems we haven't solved yet like you problems we haven't solved yet like you problems we haven't solved yet like you. Mentioned you know asynchronous payment mentioned you know asynchronous payment mentioned you know asynchronous payment. Channels channels channels and we've kept 40 that we've and we've kept 40 that we've. and we've kept 40 that we've discussed previously that we want to is discussed previously that we want to is. Discussed previously that we want to is sort of being batched together with cap sort of being batched together with cap. Sort of being batched together with cap 21 21 21 we can do you know single message. we can do you know single message we can do you know single message payment channels which is which is. Payment channels which is which is payment channels which is which is really I think interesting so I can. Really I think interesting so I can really I think interesting so I can send you a message. Send you a message send you a message and that's all that we have to do for and that's all that we have to do for. And that's all that we have to do for you to receive everything you need you to receive everything you need. You to receive everything you need to to execute that payment that doesn't to to execute that payment that doesn't. To to execute that payment that doesn't actually have to be any further actually have to be any further. Actually have to be any further communication communication communication but I think what we haven't figured out. But I think what we haven't figured out but I think what we haven't figured out everything you know for how to implement. Everything you know for how to implement everything you know for how to implement. That type of that type of that type of type of thing so I think there is still type of thing so I think there is still. Type of thing so I think there is still more experimentation to be done to more experimentation to be done to. More experimentation to be done to figure out figure out figure out other. Other other like with those experiments with those experiments do we does it make sense to wait to. Do we does it make sense to wait to do we does it make sense to wait to accept a cap like this into pending the. Accept a cap like this into pending the accept a cap like this into pending the results of those experiments because. Results of those experiments because results of those experiments because they might affect the cap itself or are. They might affect the cap itself or are they might affect the cap itself or are or not. Is that question directed at me or I is that question directed at me or I think so. Think so think so basically basically basically it sounds like there are more. It sounds like there are more it sounds like there are more experiments that you want to do. Experiments that you want to do experiments that you want to do to sort of verify or find out. To sort of verify or find out to sort of verify or find out certain things about the way that these. Certain things about the way that these certain things about the way that these payment channels that are enabled by cap. Payment channels that are enabled by cap payment channels that are enabled by cap. 21 and cap 40 would 21 and cap 40 would 21 and cap 40 would perform perform perform. Correct correct correct so I mean I think we can experiment so I mean I think we can experiment. so I mean I think we can experiment we could experiment with this forever we could experiment with this forever . We could experiment with this forever yeah and there's always aspects of this yeah and there's always aspects of this. Yeah and there's always aspects of this that we can that we can that we can improve. Improve improve I think what we've proven so far I think what we've proven so far . I think what we've proven so far and and what we've coupled with cut 40 and and what we've coupled with cut 40. And and what we've coupled with cut 40 into cup 21 into cup 21 into cup 21 is at a point where. is at a point where is at a point where like I don't think we need to do more. like I don't think we need to do more like I don't think we need to do more. Experimentation with it experimentation with it experimentation with it to try actually using it in some in. to try actually using it in some in to try actually using it in some in use cases so. Use cases so use cases so yeah I don't think this needs to be yeah I don't think this needs to be. Yeah I don't think this needs to be blocked on more experimentation great yeah like I think. Yeah like I think like with the like with the like with the at this point we're probably not going. At this point we're probably not going at this point we're probably not going to be blocked on on the actual cap. To be blocked on on the actual cap to be blocked on on the actual cap itself like in terms of. Itself like in terms of itself like in terms of from a technical standpoint I think it. From a technical standpoint I think it from a technical standpoint I think it makes. It's more of a available of more like it's more of a available of more like prioritization and is that like do we. Prioritization and is that like do we prioritization and is that like do we want to accept this now because we. Want to accept this now because we want to accept this now because we typically what we want to do is that we. Typically what we want to do is that we typically what we want to do is that we we don't want to accept the cap that is. We don't want to accept the cap that is we don't want to accept the cap that is going to linger for a year or whatever. Going to linger for a year or whatever going to linger for a year or whatever so so. So so it's like I think so it's like I think so it's like I think what I would like to see is either like. What I would like to see is either like what I would like to see is either like and that's a you know appealing to the. And that's a you know appealing to the and that's a you know appealing to the ecosystem like. Ecosystem like ecosystem like like people you know like people you know. like people you know coming forward coming forward coming forward . You know if they are really interested you know if they are really interested you know if they are really interested. In this or we're going to have to in this or we're going to have to in this or we're going to have to. Find find find somebody somebody somebody identify ourselves somebody in the. Identify ourselves somebody in the identify ourselves somebody in the ecosystem ecosystem. Ecosystem so that that would be my so that that would be my so that that would be my. And that's I think it's going to be kind and that's I think it's going to be kind. And that's I think it's going to be kind of the of the of the the next step for this one I mean i. The next step for this one I mean I the next step for this one I mean I think in in terms of timing like you. Think in in terms of timing like you think in in terms of timing like you it's it's you know you need to kind of. It's it's you know you need to kind of it's it's you know you need to kind of accept the cap sometimes in order to. Accept the cap sometimes in order to accept the cap sometimes in order to attract the users right and if you look. Attract the users right and if you look attract the users right and if you look at you know like obviously we've had. At you know like obviously we've had at you know like obviously we've had things like multiplex accounts where. Things like multiplex accounts where things like multiplex accounts where you know it's been a long road but it. you know it's been a long road but it you know it's been a long road but it. Seems like there's like valid use cases seems like there's like valid use cases seems like there's like valid use cases. And so people are gonna be quite and so people are gonna be quite and so people are gonna be quite. Happy to have it in the long run happy to have it in the long run happy to have it in the long run. I think it's definitely the same thing I think it's definitely the same thing I think it's definitely the same thing. In this because it like fundamentally in this because it like fundamentally in this because it like fundamentally. Adds new capabilities that people adds new capabilities that people adds new capabilities that people. Haven't thinking of things like you know haven't thinking of things like you know. Haven't thinking of things like you know in addition to payment channels right in addition to payment channels right. In addition to payment channels right this also allows like new forms of this also allows like new forms of. This also allows like new forms of account recovery and things like that account recovery and things like that. Account recovery and things like that and but the thing that's and but the thing that's . And but the thing that's the thing about this cap is that the thing about this cap is that. The thing about this cap is that it could be that we need it in like a it could be that we need it in like a. It could be that we need it in like a big hurry right like it could be that big hurry right like it could be that . Big hurry right like it could be that you know it turns out some new use case you know it turns out some new use case. You know it turns out some new use case comes along that is like super popular comes along that is like super popular. Comes along that is like super popular and and and requires like fairly high requires like fairly high . Requires like fairly high transactional throughput and transactional throughput and. Transactional throughput and and so and so and so once something is in core then it's like. Once something is in core then it's like once something is in core then it's like. You know people can update the you know people can update the you know people can update the. Applications to work on it much faster applications to work on it much faster applications to work on it much faster. But the cycle is such that you know if but the cycle is such that you know if but the cycle is such that you know if. Some amazing use case came along and some amazing use case came along and some amazing use case came along and. Then had kind of explosive growth that then had kind of explosive growth that then had kind of explosive growth that. That required payment channels it would that required payment channels it would that required payment channels it would. That project would basically die if it that project would basically die if it that project would basically die if it. Had to wait for it to like go through had to wait for it to like go through had to wait for it to like go through. The Stellar core release process so I the Stellar core release process so I the Stellar core release process so i. Think we should think we should think we should get a version of this get a version of this. Get a version of this deployed into core where deployed into core where deployed into core where. And you know if we have to revise it you and you know if we have to revise it you. And you know if we have to revise it you know it's it's it's a union right we can. Know it's it's it's a union right we can know it's it's it's a union right we can. Have have have a subsequent version of this but it's a subsequent version of this but it's. A subsequent version of this but it's better to have something out there better to have something out there. Better to have something out there current current current the things that you have to do to. The things that you have to do to the things that you have to do to compensate for not having this range. Compensate for not having this range compensate for not having this range from it's impossible like the account. From it's impossible like the account from it's impossible like the account recovery stuff is like. Recovery stuff is like recovery stuff is like basically like almost impossible to like. Basically like almost impossible to like basically like almost impossible to like. You need like a huge number of like just you need like a huge number of like just. You need like a huge number of like just extra accounts to each have their own. Extra accounts to each have their own extra accounts to each have their own. Sequence number and stuff and it's just sequence number and stuff and it's just sequence number and stuff and it's just. Like so I have a question nico which is so I have a question nico which is how do you estimate the cost of. How do you estimate the cost of how do you estimate the cost of implementing this because obviously. Implementing this because obviously implementing this because obviously there's there's tension here between . There's there's tension here between there's there's tension here between you know you want to see that there's. You know you want to see that there's you know you want to see that there's ecosystem use cases but like david says. Ecosystem use cases but like david says ecosystem use cases but like david says if if you know if like a a monster use. If if you know if like a a monster use if if you know if like a a monster use case shows up and the network is not. Case shows up and the network is not case shows up and the network is not ready ready. Ready in time like is this is there an in time like is this is there an in time like is this is there an. Opportunity cost here I mean like yeah I mean it's like I mean like yeah I mean it's like. Everything else like I think we have to everything else like I think we have to everything else like I think we have to. Go go go like I think like I think like I think most likely from most likely from. Most likely from from what it looks like the changes that from what it looks like the changes that. From what it looks like the changes that are going to be the more are going to be the more. Are going to be the more complicated things in as part of that complicated things in as part of that. Complicated things in as part of that cap are probably going to be around the cap are probably going to be around the. Cap are probably going to be around the overlay type of changes that's what overlay type of changes that's what. Overlay type of changes that's what it looks like to me the latest change it looks like to me the latest change. It looks like to me the latest change should make it simpler right because should make it simpler right because. Should make it simpler right because well you still have to do it in a safe well you still have to do it in a safe. Well you still have to do it in a safe and efficient way and blah blah I mean and efficient way and blah blah I mean. And efficient way and blah blah I mean that's that's what it looks like that's that's what it looks like. That's that's what it looks like especially because we have the prototype especially because we have the prototype. Especially because we have the prototype that we put together for the actual that we put together for the actual. That we put together for the actual implementation implementation implementation to this is one part . To this is one part to this is one part I think the I think the I think the. The other part was around I think the the other part was around I think the the other part was around I think the. Question mark on testing like the test question mark on testing like the test question mark on testing like the test. Infrastructure that we have which is infrastructure that we have which is infrastructure that we have which is. Kind of kind of kind of broken in the in this context I'm broken in the in this context I'm. Broken in the in this context I'm not sure exactly how much work this is not sure exactly how much work this is. Not sure exactly how much work this is going to be I mean like to answer the going to be I mean like to answer the. Going to be I mean like to answer the the last question I mean it's I mean it's it's not the. It's not the it's not the cheapest cup you know we've done it's cheapest cup you know we've done it's. Cheapest cup you know we've done it's I would probably put it as like a I would probably put it as like a. I would probably put it as like a you know medium in terms of like you know medium in terms of like. You know medium in terms of like complexity complexity complexity you know whatever that means you. you know whatever that means you you know whatever that means you know so like if we were starting to. Know so like if we were starting to know so like if we were starting to let's say work on this . Let's say work on this let's say work on this like in q1 next year it would probably. Like in q1 next year it would probably like in q1 next year it would probably be done in q1. Be done in q1 be done in q1 I don't know the implications on like I don't know the implications on like. I don't know the implications on like the sdks and so on though like but it looks like they are basically not. But it looks like they are basically not like there is not a whole lot going on like there is not a whole lot going on. Like there is not a whole lot going on there it's very similar to the change we there it's very similar to the change we. There it's very similar to the change we did for when we like the I think like. Did for when we like the I think like did for when we like the I think like. The the the when we changed the envelope when we changed the envelope . when we changed the envelope before before before without the actual without the actual. Without the actual it's a little easier yeah yeah it's like it's a little easier yeah yeah it's like. It's a little easier yeah yeah it's like a little easier a little easier a little easier. Because there's no max account which was because there's no max account which was. Because there's no max account which was the the big the the big the the big no mess. No mess no mess it's still like yeah like all the it's still like yeah like all the. It's still like yeah like all the sdks have to upgrade that sdks have to upgrade that. Sdks have to upgrade that situation situation situation yeah I can I can talk about the sdks a. Yeah I can I can talk about the sdks a yeah I can I can talk about the sdks a little bit because I prototyped making. Little bit because I prototyped making little bit because I prototyped making. Them change the core horizon and then them change the core horizon and then them change the core horizon and then. The sdks and I obviously took shortcuts the sdks and I obviously took shortcuts the sdks and I obviously took shortcuts. Around testing but around testing but around testing but the the the. the sdk part was very very the sdk part was very very the sdk part was very very. Straightforward actually so I think straightforward actually so I think straightforward actually so I think. There'll be very little there'll be very little there'll be very little it'll be a lot easier than when we. It'll be a lot easier than when we it'll be a lot easier than when we introduce the envelope a lot easier. Introduce the envelope a lot easier introduce the envelope a lot easier than when we introduced must accounts. Than when we introduced must accounts than when we introduced must accounts . and I think even the core changes were and I think even the core changes were and I think even the core changes were. Relatively relatively relatively straightforward in terms of when you straightforward in terms of when you. straightforward in terms of when you just focus on the functionality just focus on the functionality. Just focus on the functionality but then it definitely got a bit fuzzy but then it definitely got a bit fuzzy. But then it definitely got a bit fuzzy when when when trying to figure out how to how how. trying to figure out how to how how trying to figure out how to how how to test this in the existing test tests. To test this in the existing test tests to test this in the existing test tests and. And and I'm not that's familiar with the I'm not that's familiar with the I'm not that's familiar with the. Style called codebase so it was style called codebase so it was style called codebase so it was . Definitely challenging so I definitely challenging so I definitely challenging so i. I think that's probably right too and I think that's probably right too and I think that's probably right too and. Then I think in horizon then I think in horizon then I think in horizon the. The the horizon has this transaction queue horizon has this transaction queue horizon has this transaction queue. Where you submit transactions they go where you submit transactions they go where you submit transactions they go. Into a transaction queue they get into a transaction queue they get into a transaction queue they get. Ordered by sequence number ordered by sequence number ordered by sequence number and then gets submitted when that. And then gets submitted when that and then gets submitted when that sequence number is ready to be processed. Sequence number is ready to be processed sequence number is ready to be processed. So it allows so it allows so it allows people in the ecosystem who are using. People in the ecosystem who are using people in the ecosystem who are using horizon just submit transactions in any. Horizon just submit transactions in any horizon just submit transactions in any order and horizon just sort of smooths. Order and horizon just sort of smooths order and horizon just sort of smooths that experience over for them and i. That experience over for them and I that experience over for them and I think there is some you know a little. Think there is some you know a little think there is some you know a little bit of work to do there to to make that. Bit of work to do there to to make that bit of work to do there to to make that work with min sequence numbers. Work with min sequence numbers work with min sequence numbers but other than that the rest of the. But other than that the rest of the but other than that the rest of the horizon changes were pretty. Horizon changes were pretty horizon changes were pretty straightforward as well something that I want to mention too is. Something that I want to mention too is see nico was see nico was see nico was. Like appealing to the ecosystem like like appealing to the ecosystem like like appealing to the ecosystem like. We want to find out what use cases we want to find out what use cases we want to find out what use cases. People have people have people have for this you know we've got for this you know we've got. for this you know we've got meridian coming up in meridian coming up in meridian coming up in. soon and we are going to be talking soon and we are going to be talking soon and we are going to be talking. About about about cat 21 cap 40 payment channels how it cat 21 cap 40 payment channels how it. cat 21 cap 40 payment channels how it actually works there actually works there. Actually works there and we will talk about you know the and we will talk about you know the. And we will talk about you know the performance performance performance we should have the performance. we should have the performance we should have the performance experiments done by them as well so. Experiments done by them as well so experiments done by them as well so if that's something. If that's something if that's something that's probably like that's probably like. That's probably like worth watching so it seems like where that leads us is so it seems like where that leads us is. Technically this cap feels sound technically this cap feels sound technically this cap feels sound. There are further experiments that are there are further experiments that are there are further experiments that are. Happening to test performance issues happening to test performance issues happening to test performance issues. There's a question of whether or not there's a question of whether or not there's a question of whether or not. We should prioritize implementation of we should prioritize implementation of we should prioritize implementation of. It it it that we can try to figure out offline that we can try to figure out offline. That we can try to figure out offline and and and we would love to hear from people in the. We would love to hear from people in the we would love to hear from people in the. Ecosystem ecosystem ecosystem about any use cases because that would about any use cases because that would. About any use cases because that would definitely help identify this as a definitely help identify this as a. Definitely help identify this as a priority although it's not necessary priority although it's not necessary. Priority although it's not necessary that we hear that but we'd love to hear that we hear that but we'd love to hear. That we hear that but we'd love to hear from anyone who might want to use this from anyone who might want to use this. From anyone who might want to use this and finally there will be more info on and finally there will be more info on. And finally there will be more info on this at meridian which is a good time to this at meridian which is a good time to. This at meridian which is a good time to learn more out there and also possibly learn more out there and also possibly. Learn more out there and also possibly come to us with some idea of how you come to us with some idea of how you. Come to us with some idea of how you might use this does that all sound might use this does that all sound. Might use this does that all sound correct correct correct yeah but you know it's also like. Yeah but you know it's also like yeah but you know it's also like this isn't also an insurance policy. This isn't also an insurance policy this isn't also an insurance policy right you don't go around like asking. Right you don't go around like asking right you don't go around like asking people like you know what are your use. People like you know what are your use people like you know what are your use cases for insurance or whatever right. Cases for insurance or whatever right cases for insurance or whatever right like like. Like so yeah no I understand I don't know I so yeah no I understand I don't know i. So yeah no I understand I don't know I don't think it's necessary right I don't don't think it's necessary right I don't. Don't think it's necessary right I don't think that it has to be the sole think that it has to be the sole. Think that it has to be the sole criteria to make us decide how to criteria to make us decide how to. Criteria to make us decide how to prioritize this but if someone is like I prioritize this but if someone is like i. Prioritize this but if someone is like I know what I need this for and they told know what I need this for and they told. Know what I need this for and they told us that would be helpful right yeah but I don't think it's that's a. Yeah but I don't think it's that's a good reason to delay accepting it today yeah I mean just like procedurally. Yeah I mean just like procedurally you're gonna get more data you're always you're gonna get more data you're always. You're gonna get more data you're always gonna get more information by delaying gonna get more information by delaying. Gonna get more information by delaying until it's too late I mean I think procedurally we there's. I mean I think procedurally we there's one person jed couldn't make it today one person jed couldn't make it today. One person jed couldn't make it today and so I think that actual acceptance and so I think that actual acceptance. And so I think that actual acceptance would have to happen asynchronously would have to happen asynchronously. Would have to happen asynchronously offline offline offline and so and so. And so for me I think the takeaway is for me I think the takeaway is for me I think the takeaway is. That we should put it in front of the that we should put it in front of the that we should put it in front of the. Cap committee cap committee cap committee and see see what you guys and see see what you guys. And see see what you guys think about accepting that's that's kind think about accepting that's that's kind. Think about accepting that's that's kind of where I'm at I don't know any objections to that plan. Any objections to that plan and cap 40 as well and cap 40 as well and cap 40 as well. Because yeah and so I guess only because yeah and so I guess only because yeah and so I guess only. Objection to cap 40 was the cap 21 objection to cap 40 was the cap 21 objection to cap 40 was the cap 21. Hadn't been accepted yet so that's hadn't been accepted yet so that's hadn't been accepted yet so that's. Correct correct correct we should people should go on record we should people should go on record. we should people should go on record now as having any suggestions for cap 40 now as having any suggestions for cap 40. Now as having any suggestions for cap 40 or we should move forward with that one or we should move forward with that one. Or we should move forward with that one as well no no it should it should move no no it should it should move. With at the same time okay cool well then I think the next the okay cool well then I think the next the. Follow-up action is to follow-up action is to follow-up action is to basically put both of those and say hey. Basically put both of those and say hey basically put both of those and say hey cap committee. Cap committee cap committee take a look take a look take a look and see if they get approved. And see if they get approved and see if they get approved which we can do which we can do. which we can do asynchronously asynchronously asynchronously is there anything else are we done for. Is there anything else are we done for is there anything else are we done for the day. I take that silences awesome well once I take that silences awesome well once again thanks everybody for joining . Again thanks everybody for joining again thanks everybody for joining thanks so much for everyone watching and. Thanks so much for everyone watching and thanks so much for everyone watching and. Again please make sure that you prepare again please make sure that you prepare again please make sure that you prepare. For the protocol 18 upgrade the vote is for the protocol 18 upgrade the vote is for the protocol 18 upgrade the vote is. On tuesday november or wednesday on tuesday november or wednesday on tuesday november or wednesday. November 3rd so install up-to-date november 3rd so install up-to-date november 3rd so install up-to-date. Software before then software before then software before then and yeah if you have anything exciting. And yeah if you have anything exciting and yeah if you have anything exciting to say about payment channels make sure. To say about payment channels make sure to say about payment channels make sure to join the discussion or check in with. To join the discussion or check in with to join the discussion or check in with us. Us us because we would love to know about use because we would love to know about use. Because we would love to know about use cases that this would enable cases that this would enable. Cases that this would enable and we will see you and we will see you and we will see you. Next time and at meridian thanks next time and at meridian thanks next time and at meridian thanks. Everybody.
