Hey everyone welcome to the open hey everyone welcome to the open protocol meeting sorry for the slightly. Protocol meeting sorry for the slightly protocol meeting sorry for the slightly late start just a quick technical glitch. Late start just a quick technical glitch late start just a quick technical glitch. As per usual so the Stellar protocol as per usual so the Stellar protocol as per usual so the Stellar protocol. Meeting in these meetings we discuss and meeting in these meetings we discuss and. Meeting in these meetings we discuss and plan for plan for plan for upcoming changes to the Stellar protocol. Upcoming changes to the Stellar protocol upcoming changes to the Stellar protocol. And today we're going to talk about and today we're going to talk about and today we're going to talk about. Something very exciting project jump something very exciting project jump something very exciting project jump. Cannon which is going to bring smart cannon which is going to bring smart cannon which is going to bring smart. Contracts to Stellar so just quick contracts to Stellar so just quick contracts to Stellar so just quick. Intro as most of you know Stellar was intro as most of you know Stellar was intro as most of you know Stellar was. Launched in 2014. Launched in 2014. Launched in 2014. At the time there was a very deliberate at the time there was a very deliberate at the time there was a very deliberate. Design decision to keep things simple design decision to keep things simple design decision to keep things simple. Right so only support a fixed repertoire right so only support a fixed repertoire. Right so only support a fixed repertoire of transactions but at this point after of transactions but at this point after. Of transactions but at this point after a ton of feedback from the ecosystem a ton of feedback from the ecosystem. A ton of feedback from the ecosystem it's clear there's a need for more it's clear there's a need for more. It's clear there's a need for more flexibility so developers they're flexibility so developers they're. Flexibility so developers they're interested in building applications interested in building applications. Interested in building applications they're relying on submitting custom they're relying on submitting custom. They're relying on submitting custom turing complete contra code right to run turing complete contra code right to run. Turing complete contra code right to run in the transaction execution phase of in the transaction execution phase of. In the transaction execution phase of the network so essentially people want the network so essentially people want. The network so essentially people want smart contracts so in march we smart contracts so in march we. Smart contracts so in march we officially kicked off project jump officially kicked off project jump. Officially kicked off project jump cannon and there's a link to the cannon and there's a link to the. Cannon and there's a link to the announcement in the meeting description announcement in the meeting description. Announcement in the meeting description and after a very thorough examination of and after a very thorough examination of. And after a very thorough examination of the existing smart contract landscape the existing smart contract landscape. The existing smart contract landscape we made a decision to build it on a we made a decision to build it on a. We made a decision to build it on a webassembly run times wasm for short webassembly run times wasm for short. Webassembly run times wasm for short so if you want to know more about the so if you want to know more about the. So if you want to know more about the selection process there's also a link to selection process there's also a link to. Selection process there's also a link to a blog called a blog called a blog called. Project jump canon choosing wasm project jump canon choosing wasm project jump canon choosing wasm. And that will sort of help walk through and that will sort of help walk through and that will sort of help walk through. That decision the evaluation that led us that decision the evaluation that led us. That decision the evaluation that led us to where we are today but today we're to where we are today but today we're. To where we are today but today we're actually going to start to get into the actually going to start to get into the. Actually going to start to get into the protocol changes necessary to like protocol changes necessary to like. Protocol changes necessary to like accommodate that decision so we're going accommodate that decision so we're going. Accommodate that decision so we're going to start by talking about the core to start by talking about the core. To start by talking about the core advancement proposal cap 46 advancement proposal cap 46. Advancement proposal cap 46 webassembly smart contract runtime webassembly smart contract runtime. Webassembly smart contract runtime environment which as you can probably environment which as you can probably. Environment which as you can probably guess by the title specifies the guess by the title specifies the. Guess by the title specifies the lowest level code execution and data lowest level code execution and data. Lowest level code execution and data model components of a wasm-based smart model components of a wasm-based smart. Model components of a wasm-based smart contract system for the Stellar network contract system for the Stellar network. Contract system for the Stellar network once we talk about cap 46 we'll also once we talk about cap 46 we'll also. once we talk about cap 46 we'll also start to ask some general questions start to ask some general questions. Start to ask some general questions about how smart contracts should about how smart contracts should. About how smart contracts should interoperate with the network interoperate with the network. Interoperate with the network this is as per usual a technical this is as per usual a technical. This is as per usual a technical discussion so if you want to keep up I discussion so if you want to keep up i. Discussion so if you want to keep up I suggest taking a look at the cap as well suggest taking a look at the cap as well. Suggest taking a look at the cap as well as the discussion thread about it those as the discussion thread about it those. As the discussion thread about it those are both are both are both linked to in a meeting description and. Linked to in a meeting description and linked to in a meeting description and then if you're interested you can also. Then if you're interested you can also then if you're interested you can also join the conversation about smart. Join the conversation about smart join the conversation about smart contracts you can do that by. Contracts you can do that by contracts you can do that by participating in that thread that's. Participating in that thread that's participating in that thread that's linked to here or by joining the Stellar. Linked to here or by joining the Stellar linked to here or by joining the Stellar. Developer discord which is where we're developer discord which is where we're developer discord which is where we're. Having all the jump cannon discussions having all the jump cannon discussions having all the jump cannon discussions. So that the work is open the so that the work is open the so that the work is open the. Participatory we're doing you know can participatory we're doing you know can participatory we're doing you know can. Really follow along on the Stellar really follow along on the Stellar really follow along on the Stellar. Developer discord developer discord developer discord okay okay okay cap 46. so cat 46 came out on friday. Cap 46. so cat 46 came out on friday cap 46. so cat 46 came out on friday I think there's been a lot of back and. I think there's been a lot of back and I think there's been a lot of back and forth on the mailing list though over. Forth on the mailing list though over forth on the mailing list though over the past few days a lot of questions. The past few days a lot of questions the past few days a lot of questions asked but I'm going to pass it to graden. Asked but I'm going to pass it to graden asked but I'm going to pass it to graden. grading I guess to start off with is grading I guess to start off with is. Grading I guess to start off with is there anything that you want to tell us there anything that you want to tell us. There anything that you want to tell us about cat 46 and or about any issues about cat 46 and or about any issues. About cat 46 and or about any issues that you have that you'd like to discuss that you have that you'd like to discuss. That you have that you'd like to discuss about it today thanks yeah there's there's lots to. Thanks yeah there's there's lots to discuss here I want to give a discuss here I want to give a. Discuss here I want to give a little bit of background because this little bit of background because this. Little bit of background because this is this is in some ways an unusual cap is this is in some ways an unusual cap. Is this is in some ways an unusual cap often times when we write caps often times when we write caps. Often times when we write caps they're they're directly changing the they're they're directly changing the. They're they're directly changing the protocol or they're proposing to protocol or they're proposing to. Protocol or they're proposing to directly change the protocol directly change the protocol . Directly change the protocol that people are using and cat 46 is a that people are using and cat 46 is a. That people are using and cat 46 is a little bit weird in that it it contains little bit weird in that it it contains. Little bit weird in that it it contains protocol protocol protocol contents there are new new xcr. Contents there are new new xcr contents there are new new xcr definitions like there would be in in. Definitions like there would be in in definitions like there would be in in most caps. Most caps most caps but none of them can actually be used but none of them can actually be used. But none of them can actually be used this is a building block for other caps this is a building block for other caps. This is a building block for other caps and so and so and so if if this cap for example were. If if this cap for example were if if this cap for example were accepted as is tomorrow there will be no. Accepted as is tomorrow there will be no accepted as is tomorrow there will be no. New messages that you could send on the new messages that you could send on the new messages that you could send on the. Network yet so this is just a building network yet so this is just a building network yet so this is just a building. Block cap it's a piece of vocabulary block cap it's a piece of vocabulary block cap it's a piece of vocabulary. That we want to talk through the that we want to talk through the that we want to talk through the. Potential uses for in the future potential uses for in the future potential uses for in the future. But without it without actually but without it without actually but without it without actually. Committing to a specific transaction committing to a specific transaction committing to a specific transaction. Format specific ledger entries anything format specific ledger entries anything format specific ledger entries anything. Like that this is this is a vocabulary like that this is this is a vocabulary like that this is this is a vocabulary. In particular for in particular for in particular for interoperation between interoperation between. Interoperation between two two two environments so the way to think about environments so the way to think about. Environments so the way to think about this cap is that it's describing two two this cap is that it's describing two two. This cap is that it's describing two two different different different .   places places places in inside of Stellar core in inside of Stellar core. In inside of Stellar core where where where code can run the guest and the host code can run the guest and the host. Code can run the guest and the host and so so that division between guest and so so that division between guest. And so so that division between guest and host is a key concept that's being and host is a key concept that's being. And host is a key concept that's being introduced here and most of the cap is a introduced here and most of the cap is a. Introduced here and most of the cap is a discussion of how the guests and hosts discussion of how the guests and hosts. Discussion of how the guests and hosts are going to relate to each other are going to relate to each other. Are going to relate to each other both their their calling relationship both their their calling relationship. Both their their calling relationship with what values can be passed back and with what values can be passed back and. With what values can be passed back and forth between them forth between them forth between them. And then the types of and then the types of and then the types of data that will be stored. Data that will be stored data that will be stored in in this particular proposal the way. In in this particular proposal the way in in this particular proposal the way we're discussing data storage . We're discussing data storage we're discussing data storage actually involves a split and it's a. Actually involves a split and it's a actually involves a split and it's a split that's brought about by. Split that's brought about by split that's brought about by idiosyncrasies of of the. Idiosyncrasies of of the idiosyncrasies of of the wasm wasm wasm runtime interface which is that you. Runtime interface which is that you runtime interface which is that you can't really pass complicated data types. Can't really pass complicated data types can't really pass complicated data types. Back and forth back and forth back and forth there's a few other reasons for this . There's a few other reasons for this there's a few other reasons for this it's actually there's there's a there's. It's actually there's there's a there's it's actually there's there's a there's a very large rationale section of the. A very large rationale section of the a very large rationale section of the cap that tries to lay out our. Cap that tries to lay out our cap that tries to lay out our thinking as we explore different options. Thinking as we explore different options thinking as we explore different options. Here here here there's there's an efficiency argument there's there's an efficiency argument. There's there's an efficiency argument code size code size code size . there's a compatibility there's a compatibility there's a compatibility . The ability for third parties to browse the ability for third parties to browse the ability for third parties to browse. And interoperate for contracts to and interoperate for contracts to and interoperate for contracts to. Interoperate with one another there's a interoperate with one another there's a interoperate with one another there's a. Whole host of different reasons for for whole host of different reasons for for whole host of different reasons for for. Splitting data the way we are splitting data the way we are splitting data the way we are. but really the way to think about but really the way to think about but really the way to think about. This cap is and i've had this this cap is and i've had this this cap is and i've had this. Conversation with a few people so far conversation with a few people so far . Conversation with a few people so far to to picture in your mind a sort of a to to picture in your mind a sort of a. To to picture in your mind a sort of a four quadrant diagram four quadrant diagram. Four quadrant diagram upper left upper right lower left upper left upper right lower left. upper left upper right lower left and lower right and and in the upper and lower right and and in the upper. And lower right and and in the upper level you've got level you've got level you've got . The the the the the the host and guest environments on the left host and guest environments on the left. Host and guest environments on the left and right and right and right okay so those are those are at runtime. Okay so those are those are at runtime okay so those are those are at runtime while code is executing there's . While code is executing there's while code is executing there's these two environments that are. These two environments that are these two environments that are communicating with each other. Communicating with each other communicating with each other and and and sharing access to a data model where. Sharing access to a data model where sharing access to a data model where much of the data is stored on the host. Much of the data is stored on the host much of the data is stored on the host side but the guest has these little. Side but the guest has these little side but the guest has these little handles that reference into it. Handles that reference into it handles that reference into it and then in the lower two quadrants you. And then in the lower two quadrants you and then in the lower two quadrants you have corresponding to each of those. Have corresponding to each of those have corresponding to each of those types of data. Types of data types of data what we would call the the values which what we would call the the values which. What we would call the the values which can be handles and the objects can be handles and the objects. Can be handles and the objects there's an xdr layer so in the upper two there's an xdr layer so in the upper two. There's an xdr layer so in the upper two quadrants of this diagram you've got the. Quadrants of this diagram you've got the quadrants of this diagram you've got the. Hosting guest at runtime hosting guest at runtime hosting guest at runtime. Where where values are in memory and where where values are in memory and where where values are in memory and. Then and the contract is executing in then and the contract is executing in. Then and the contract is executing in the lower two quadrants you've got the the lower two quadrants you've got the. The lower two quadrants you've got the xdr representation which is sort of data xdr representation which is sort of data. Xdr representation which is sort of data at rest at rest at rest and and and in fact. In fact in fact quadrants are quite the right quadrants are quite the right . Quadrants are quite the right description because the entire lower description because the entire lower. Description because the entire lower layer of this diagram is essentially all layer of this diagram is essentially all. Layer of this diagram is essentially all xdr but there is a there's a xdr but there is a there's a. Xdr but there is a there's a correspondence between values that are correspondence between values that are. Correspondence between values that are accessible in the in the guest side in accessible in the in the guest side in. Accessible in the in the guest side in valve then the sc valve xdr type that's valve then the sc valve xdr type that's. Valve then the sc valve xdr type that's presented in the in the cap presented in the in the cap. Presented in the in the cap so the cap introduces these value and so the cap introduces these value and. So the cap introduces these value and object types and it introduces the the object types and it introduces the the. Object types and it introduces the the split between the host and the guest split between the host and the guest. Split between the host and the guest environment and and that that vocabulary environment and and that that vocabulary. Environment and and that that vocabulary is is a sort of background of what we're. Is is a sort of background of what we're is is a sort of background of what we're. Trying to get laid out here now we have trying to get laid out here now we have trying to get laid out here now we have. A a a prototype implementation of this we prototype implementation of this we prototype implementation of this we. Actually at this point have two actually at this point have two actually at this point have two. Prototype implementations because we prototype implementations because we prototype implementations because we. We've done a version of this in c4 we've done a version of this in c4 we've done a version of this in c4. Plus and version of it in rust plus and version of it in rust plus and version of it in rust. and and and we're fairly confident this is a this we're fairly confident this is a this. we're fairly confident this is a this is a structure that is a structure that is a structure that. Works well in that it allows a works well in that it allows a works well in that it allows a. Very small and highly interoperable very small and highly interoperable very small and highly interoperable. Guest code to run in a you know a guest code to run in a you know a guest code to run in a you know a. Wasm runtime that is connected to a host wasm runtime that is connected to a host. Wasm runtime that is connected to a host that has these host objects and so that has these host objects and so. That has these host objects and so most the discussion around this cap so most the discussion around this cap so. Most the discussion around this cap so far has actually been like which host far has actually been like which host. Far has actually been like which host objects to start with because there's objects to start with because there's. Objects to start with because there's there's a there's a potential repertoire. There's a there's a potential repertoire there's a there's a potential repertoire. Of multiple types of host objects of multiple types of host objects of multiple types of host objects. And a little bit around and a little bit around and a little bit around the value representation and bit. the value representation and bit the value representation and bit packing and stuff like that but there's. Packing and stuff like that but there's packing and stuff like that but there's there's not a lot of . You know in in many caps there's there's you know in in many caps there's there's. semantic rules to to talk through in semantic rules to to talk through in. Semantic rules to to talk through in terms of of a terms of of a terms of of a sequence of events that occur in. Sequence of events that occur in sequence of events that occur in response to a transaction or an. Response to a transaction or an response to a transaction or an algorithm that's implied or something. Algorithm that's implied or something algorithm that's implied or something like that there's not a lot of verbs in. Like that there's not a lot of verbs in like that there's not a lot of verbs in this this is really more of a nouns cap. This this is really more of a nouns cap this this is really more of a nouns cap right it's it's laying out a vocabulary. Right it's it's laying out a vocabulary right it's it's laying out a vocabulary of of of things that will exist in. Of of of things that will exist in of of of things that will exist in memory and or on on. Memory and or on on memory and or on on stable storage and xtr or being sent. Stable storage and xtr or being sent stable storage and xtr or being sent over the wire. Over the wire over the wire and so and so and so you can imagine all sorts of operations. You can imagine all sorts of operations you can imagine all sorts of operations happening all the actual operations that. Happening all the actual operations that happening all the actual operations that. Will occur on this data model are will occur on this data model are will occur on this data model are. Essentially left to later caps they're essentially left to later caps they're essentially left to later caps they're. Things that still have to be worked things that still have to be worked things that still have to be worked. Out we're still we're still sort of out we're still we're still sort of out we're still we're still sort of. Experimenting with that but because experimenting with that but because experimenting with that but because. Smart contracts are such a big project smart contracts are such a big project smart contracts are such a big project. And there's so many different parts and there's so many different parts and there's so many different parts . To smart contracts we wanted to try and to smart contracts we wanted to try and to smart contracts we wanted to try and. split out split out split out meaningfully digestible pieces of the meaningfully digestible pieces of the. Meaningfully digestible pieces of the problem problem problem and and and and and and. You know review them talking through you know review them talking through you know review them talking through . Have community input on them have community input on them have community input on them . And and and ultimately as a software and and and ultimately as a software and and and ultimately as a software. Engineers you know implement and merge engineers you know implement and merge engineers you know implement and merge. Them them them piece by piece and this is the first piece by piece and this is the first. Piece by piece and this is the first piece piece piece so that sort of gives a little bit of. So that sort of gives a little bit of so that sort of gives a little bit of background on it. Background on it background on it there was one other thing I wanted to there was one other thing I wanted to. there was one other thing I wanted to mention gradient I actually do have one. Gradient I actually do have one high-level question for you I know high-level question for you I know. High-level question for you I know you've you go into this in detail in you've you go into this in detail in. You've you go into this in detail in the cap but can you just like give a the cap but can you just like give a. The cap but can you just like give a brief overview on brief overview on brief overview on. the specifics of like the value the specifics of like the value the specifics of like the value. Object split because that's something object split because that's something object split because that's something. That is very unique in the world of that is very unique in the world of that is very unique in the world of. Blockchains I think that elrond is blockchains I think that elrond is blockchains I think that elrond is. The only other blockchain that we saw the only other blockchain that we saw the only other blockchain that we saw. That does something similar that does something similar that does something similar. Yeah yeah for sure yeah yeah for sure yeah yeah for sure yeah so like what what is the. Yeah so like what what is the yeah so like what what is the alternative and and why is this better. Alternative and and why is this better alternative and and why is this better yeah totally totally. yeah totally totally yeah totally totally so an analogy that a lot of people. so an analogy that a lot of people so an analogy that a lot of people have this was actually the thing i. Have this was actually the thing I have this was actually the thing I wanted to talk about I just remembered. Wanted to talk about I just remembered wanted to talk about I just remembered so I'm glad you brought it up . So I'm glad you brought it up so I'm glad you brought it up there's this analogy that a lot of. There's this analogy that a lot of there's this analogy that a lot of people have have been using while we're. People have have been using while we're people have have been using while we're talking about this that I thought it. Talking about this that I thought it talking about this that I thought it would be good to bring up here which. Would be good to bring up here which would be good to bring up here which is that if you've used a web browser. Is that if you've used a web browser is that if you've used a web browser . You can really think about this in in you can really think about this in in you can really think about this in in. Terms that are that are going to be very terms that are that are going to be very. Terms that are that are going to be very familiar so in a web browser you program. Familiar so in a web browser you program familiar so in a web browser you program. your web pages in javascript your web pages in javascript your web pages in javascript. But the web browser itself is a very but the web browser itself is a very but the web browser itself is a very. Large piece of code that is not written large piece of code that is not written large piece of code that is not written. In javascript right so like some of the in javascript right so like some of the in javascript right so like some of the. Front end is written in javascript but a front end is written in javascript but a. Front end is written in javascript but a lot of the web browser is written in c lot of the web browser is written in c. Lot of the web browser is written in c plus plus or or or rust or something or plus plus or or or rust or something or. Plus plus or or or rust or something or c or some other low-level systems c or some other low-level systems. C or some other low-level systems language and it's compiled ahead of time language and it's compiled ahead of time. Language and it's compiled ahead of time and it's it's essentially a platform for. And it's it's essentially a platform for and it's it's essentially a platform for. The applications to run on in the end the applications to run on in the end. The applications to run on in the end the javascript applications if you if the javascript applications if you if. The javascript applications if you if you've written javascript you'll you'll you've written javascript you'll you'll. You've written javascript you'll you'll know that you often have object know that you often have object. Know that you often have object references references references that aren't references to javascript. That aren't references to javascript that aren't references to javascript objects right you you can you can have a. Objects right you you can you can have a objects right you you can you can have a. Reference to a dom node or a window or a reference to a dom node or a window or a. Reference to a dom node or a window or a media container or a an xml http request. Media container or a an xml http request media container or a an xml http request. Or something like that and these objects or something like that and these objects. Or something like that and these objects they're not like the other objects right. They're not like the other objects right they're not like the other objects right. You they're they're not like the you they're they're not like the you they're they're not like the. Javascript code that you have you can't javascript code that you have you can't javascript code that you have you can't. Inspect them you can't find the source inspect them you can't find the source inspect them you can't find the source. Code to them they're just sort of out code to them they're just sort of out code to them they're just sort of out. There somewhere where they are is there somewhere where they are is there somewhere where they are is. They're in the host environment they're they're in the host environment they're they're in the host environment they're. They're they're supplied by the c plus they're they're supplied by the c plus they're they're supplied by the c plus. Platform that you're running on platform that you're running on platform that you're running on. they're much more efficient they can they're much more efficient they can they're much more efficient they can. Do things that the the javascript code do things that the the javascript code do things that the the javascript code. Isn't capable of doing isn't capable of doing isn't capable of doing they're they're. They're they're often much larger pieces of code they're often much larger pieces of code. They're often much larger pieces of code and so if you had to ship them over and and so if you had to ship them over and. And so if you had to ship them over and over again with every application your over again with every application your. Over again with every application your application would be gigantic application would be gigantic. Application would be gigantic and so there's and so there's and so there's there's a sort of. There's a sort of there's a sort of the by being part of the the platform. The by being part of the the platform the by being part of the the platform and the environment in which your. And the environment in which your and the environment in which your javascript is running they are almost. Javascript is running they are almost javascript is running they are almost. Like a library that you can call of of like a library that you can call of of like a library that you can call of of. very fast very reliable very common very fast very reliable very common very fast very reliable very common. Features features features but but that you operate but but that you operate. but but that you operate at some distance from right you if if a at some distance from right you if if a. At some distance from right you if if a function call goes into them function call goes into them. Function call goes into them you know you don't you don't get to you know you don't you don't get to. You know you don't you don't get to break on your javascript debugger in the break on your javascript debugger in the. Break on your javascript debugger in the middle of that function call right it middle of that function call right it. Middle of that function call right it comes back to you comes back to you comes back to you . And and then you get control back in and and then you get control back in and and then you get control back in. Your guest code when when it returns your guest code when when it returns your guest code when when it returns. So that we're approaching this so that we're approaching this so that we're approaching this . This model and as you said it's the same this model and as you said it's the same. This model and as you said it's the same model that that I think the lra model that that I think the lra. Model that that I think the lra network uses network uses network uses . In a similar fashion where we're coming in a similar fashion where we're coming in a similar fashion where we're coming. Up with a set of up with a set of up with a set of of objects that that the platform. Of objects that that the platform of objects that that the platform will provide. Will provide will provide that are implemented in in that are implemented in in. That are implemented in in cpu plus or or rust cpu plus or or rust cpu plus or or rust . And and and they're kind of baked into the platform they're kind of baked into the platform. They're kind of baked into the platform they're they're they're they're they're they're . Things that things that things that all or quite a lot of smart contracts all or quite a lot of smart contracts. All or quite a lot of smart contracts are likely to want are likely to want are likely to want. And so and so and so ahead of time ahead of time ahead of time the Stellar core developers ourselves. The Stellar core developers ourselves the Stellar core developers ourselves and anyone else who wants to contribute. And anyone else who wants to contribute and anyone else who wants to contribute to it. To it to it would have created this repertoire of of would have created this repertoire of of. Would have created this repertoire of of extra extra extra objects and those objects are. objects and those objects are objects and those objects are again fast again fast. Again fast so so they're they're gonna you know so so they're they're gonna you know. So so they're they're gonna you know they're not gonna be written in wells they're not gonna be written in wells. They're not gonna be written in wells and they're not running on the virtual and they're not running on the virtual. And they're not running on the virtual machine they're they're written in machine they're they're written in. Machine they're they're written in native code native code native code they're. They're they're much larger typically there's a there's much larger typically there's a there's. Much larger typically there's a there's a large code footprint that supports a large code footprint that supports. A large code footprint that supports them that will not be included in your them that will not be included in your. Them that will not be included in your smart contract you don't have to include smart contract you don't have to include. Smart contract you don't have to include code in your smart contract your smart code in your smart contract your smart. Code in your smart contract your smart contract just calls them contract just calls them. Contract just calls them and and and and and so your your contract code is. And and so your your contract code is and and so your your contract code is much smaller but you operate them at a. Much smaller but you operate them at a much smaller but you operate them at a distance so you you have this . Distance so you you have this distance so you you have this reference to a host object when you're. Reference to a host object when you're reference to a host object when you're working on it rather than you know. Working on it rather than you know working on it rather than you know running in the memory of your smart. Running in the memory of your smart running in the memory of your smart contracts your smart contract has a. Contracts your smart contract has a contracts your smart contract has a little linear memory it has the the. Little linear memory it has the the little linear memory it has the the virtual machine has its own memory. Virtual machine has its own memory virtual machine has its own memory and so you can you can write code in. And so you can you can write code in and so you can you can write code in whatever language you're you're writing. Whatever language you're you're writing whatever language you're you're writing and I think most of our smart contract. And I think most of our smart contract and I think most of our smart contract source languages are going to be. Source languages are going to be source languages are going to be we're looking actually at mostly rust. We're looking actually at mostly rust we're looking actually at mostly rust there as well interestingly enough. There as well interestingly enough there as well interestingly enough and so you could write a data structure. And so you could write a data structure and so you could write a data structure in rust and have it running in the wasm. In rust and have it running in the wasm in rust and have it running in the wasm virtual machine. Virtual machine virtual machine just like you would have a you know a just like you would have a you know a. just like you would have a you know a javascript array or something running javascript array or something running. Javascript array or something running inside your javascript program but inside your javascript program but. Inside your javascript program but we're also going to try and provide we're also going to try and provide. we're also going to try and provide almost every object that you want as a almost every object that you want as a. Almost every object that you want as a host object so that you don't actually host object so that you don't actually. Host object so that you don't actually have to compile anything to your have to compile anything to your. Have to compile anything to your contract except for a handle and so this contract except for a handle and so this. Contract except for a handle and so this this handle which is essentially a this handle which is essentially a. This handle which is essentially a pointer or a certain quasi-pointer it's pointer or a certain quasi-pointer it's. Pointer or a certain quasi-pointer it's not actually a not actually a not actually a. Memory address it's just an integer memory address it's just an integer memory address it's just an integer. Number that starts from zero it counts number that starts from zero it counts number that starts from zero it counts. Up as we allocate host objects but up as we allocate host objects but up as we allocate host objects but . These these typed handles that you'll be these these typed handles that you'll be. These these typed handles that you'll be operating operating operating on and passing to host functions. On and passing to host functions on and passing to host functions refer to host objects but they don't. Refer to host objects but they don't refer to host objects but they don't actually hold the host object in in the. Actually hold the host object in in the actually hold the host object in in the guest's memory. Guest's memory guest's memory and so and so and so again there's there's a variety of. Again there's there's a variety of again there's there's a variety of benefits benefits. Benefits    one of the benefits I haven't mentioned one of the benefits I haven't mentioned. One of the benefits I haven't mentioned yet so much but it's in the rationale yet so much but it's in the rationale. Yet so much but it's in the rationale section and we've we've talked about it section and we've we've talked about it. Section and we've we've talked about it a bunch while we were working on this is a bunch while we were working on this is. A bunch while we were working on this is that corresponding xdr form corresponding xdr form. And and and when we've looked at a lot of smart when we've looked at a lot of smart. When we've looked at a lot of smart contracts most smart contracts spend contracts most smart contracts spend. Contracts most smart contracts spend most of their time from what we can tell most of their time from what we can tell. Most of their time from what we can tell if they're not doing cryptography if they're not doing cryptography. If they're not doing cryptography obviously there's there's the special obviously there's there's the special. Obviously there's there's the special case of doing cryptographic operations case of doing cryptographic operations. Case of doing cryptographic operations which we'll also get to but a lot of which we'll also get to but a lot of. Which we'll also get to but a lot of them spend a lot of their time them spend a lot of their time. Them spend a lot of their time serializing and deserializing their data serializing and deserializing their data. Serializing and deserializing their data store so store so store so the smart contract is invoked and it's. The smart contract is invoked and it's the smart contract is invoked and it's given a byte buffer and then it. Given a byte buffer and then it given a byte buffer and then it spends all of this time in its virtual. Spends all of this time in its virtual spends all of this time in its virtual machine. Machine machine running in virtual machine instructions running in virtual machine instructions. Running in virtual machine instructions those virtual machine instructions are those virtual machine instructions are. Those virtual machine instructions are just like inspecting a byte buffer and just like inspecting a byte buffer and. Just like inspecting a byte buffer and copying values out of it into a data copying values out of it into a data. Copying values out of it into a data structure in memory then operating on structure in memory then operating on. Structure in memory then operating on the data structure in memory and then the data structure in memory and then. The data structure in memory and then re-serializing it back to plate buffer re-serializing it back to plate buffer. Re-serializing it back to plate buffer and that's and that's and that's that's a little bit weird for a few. That's a little bit weird for a few that's a little bit weird for a few reasons it's not. Reasons it's not reasons it's not a good efficient use of computational a good efficient use of computational. A good efficient use of computational resources because resources because resources because. that's like compute expensive work that's like compute expensive work that's like compute expensive work. And you're doing it on the virtual and you're doing it on the virtual and you're doing it on the virtual. Machine instead of the host where it machine instead of the host where it machine instead of the host where it. Would be on in native code would be on in native code would be on in native code and it's also. And it's also and it's also it's very likely to be shared or it's very likely to be shared or. It's very likely to be shared or shareable right if if if you were using shareable right if if if you were using. Shareable right if if if you were using a data structure that is similar to a data structure that is similar to. A data structure that is similar to other data structures that other people other data structures that other people. Other data structures that other people are using are using are using the idea that you would need to do. the idea that you would need to do the idea that you would need to do custom serialization deserialization as. Custom serialization deserialization as custom serialization deserialization as opposed to just reusing a library that. Opposed to just reusing a library that opposed to just reusing a library that does it. Does it does it is a little funny it's sort of it's it's is a little funny it's sort of it's it's. Is a little funny it's sort of it's it's it's making every smart contract ship it's making every smart contract ship. It's making every smart contract ship redundant duplicate contract code that redundant duplicate contract code that. Redundant duplicate contract code that does the same thing as someone else does the same thing as someone else. Does the same thing as someone else could do could do could do and and on that note with respect to. and and on that note with respect to and and on that note with respect to commonality . Commonality commonality the more the the more the the more the the the data types. The the data types the the data types are common between smart contracts are common between smart contracts . Are common between smart contracts the more you can interoperate between the more you can interoperate between. The more you can interoperate between smart contracts so if if smart contract smart contracts so if if smart contract. Smart contracts so if if smart contract a wants to call smart contract b a wants to call smart contract b. A wants to call smart contract b it's going to want to pass data it's it's going to want to pass data it's. It's going to want to pass data it's going to want to pass arguments right going to want to pass arguments right . Going to want to pass arguments right accounts and amounts and accounts and amounts and. Accounts and amounts and maybe vectors containing things maybe maybe vectors containing things maybe. Maybe vectors containing things maybe large numbers or cryptographic data large numbers or cryptographic data. Large numbers or cryptographic data types or whatever and in order to pass types or whatever and in order to pass. Types or whatever and in order to pass data from one from one contract to data from one from one contract to. Data from one from one contract to another I mean a contract is just a another I mean a contract is just a. Another I mean a contract is just a program and for for two programs to program and for for two programs to. Program and for for two programs to interoperate they have to have a common interoperate they have to have a common. Interoperate they have to have a common data language data language data language. And so and so and so if you assume that you're going to have if you assume that you're going to have. If you assume that you're going to have this this interoperability requirement this this interoperability requirement. This this interoperability requirement between contracts where they share some between contracts where they share some. Between contracts where they share some kind of data vocabulary then necessarily kind of data vocabulary then necessarily. Kind of data vocabulary then necessarily the serialization and deserialization the serialization and deserialization. The serialization and deserialization code has to be shared and so code has to be shared and so. Code has to be shared and so factoring that serialization factoring that serialization. Factoring that serialization deserialization code out having it be deserialization code out having it be. Deserialization code out having it be part of the platform and having part of the platform and having. Part of the platform and having the user the user the user not actually have to ship serialized. Not actually have to ship serialized not actually have to ship serialized serialized code but but having the xdr. Serialized code but but having the xdr serialized code but but having the xdr pulled out of a ledger entry and turned. Pulled out of a ledger entry and turned pulled out of a ledger entry and turned into host objects and then just handing. Into host objects and then just handing into host objects and then just handing handles to those host objects to. Handles to those host objects to handles to those host objects to a contract saves the contract from. A contract saves the contract from a contract saves the contract from shipping any of that serialized. Shipping any of that serialized shipping any of that serialized serialized code it's is the contract. Serialized code it's is the contract serialized code it's is the contract from having to to deal with. From having to to deal with from having to to deal with compatibility issues because everyone's. Compatibility issues because everyone's compatibility issues because everyone's using the same the same data model . Using the same the same data model using the same the same data model it just seems like a win all around you. It just seems like a win all around you it just seems like a win all around you know every time every time we . Know every time every time we know every time every time we sort of thought about this problem from. Sort of thought about this problem from sort of thought about this problem from another angle we found another way in. Another angle we found another way in another angle we found another way in which it seems advantageous . Which it seems advantageous which it seems advantageous third-party browsers for example would. Third-party browsers for example would third-party browsers for example would be able to to browse the stable data. Be able to to browse the stable data be able to to browse the stable data format as opposed to many smart contract. Format as opposed to many smart contract format as opposed to many smart contract. systems systems systems every every data value that the smart every every data value that the smart. every every data value that the smart contract saves into the blockchain is contract saves into the blockchain is. Contract saves into the blockchain is just an opaque byte byte blob that no just an opaque byte byte blob that no. Just an opaque byte byte blob that no one can inspect if we have a common one can inspect if we have a common. One can inspect if we have a common data type data type data type such as the one that's presented here. Such as the one that's presented here such as the one that's presented here all of the ledger entries will be at. All of the ledger entries will be at all of the ledger entries will be at least structured so you could browse. Least structured so you could browse least structured so you could browse them now you might not be able to make. Them now you might not be able to make them now you might not be able to make total sense of the contents of it but at. Total sense of the contents of it but at total sense of the contents of it but at. Least have some structure that you'd be least have some structure that you'd be least have some structure that you'd be. Able to to browse which would make able to to browse which would make able to to browse which would make. Diagnostics easier it would make writing diagnostics easier it would make writing. Diagnostics easier it would make writing third-party adapters to consuming events. Third-party adapters to consuming events third-party adapters to consuming events. Coming out of the system easier it would coming out of the system easier it would. Coming out of the system easier it would make make make testing easier creating mock data of. Testing easier creating mock data of testing easier creating mock data of attaching fuzzers to it there's all. Attaching fuzzers to it there's all attaching fuzzers to it there's all sorts of advantages to using a common. Sorts of advantages to using a common sorts of advantages to using a common data format so. Data format so data format so so I tried to lay some of them out in so I tried to lay some of them out in. So I tried to lay some of them out in the rationale section here but it really the rationale section here but it really. The rationale section here but it really does seem like like this is this is a does seem like like this is this is a. Does seem like like this is this is a huge key to huge key to huge key to a better design for smart contracts than. A better design for smart contracts than a better design for smart contracts than. What we've seen in a lot of other what we've seen in a lot of other what we've seen in a lot of other. Platforms and platforms and platforms and and so so again that's that's sort of. And so so again that's that's sort of and so so again that's that's sort of why this made up the first building. Why this made up the first building why this made up the first building block cap is because if we do adopt this. Block cap is because if we do adopt this block cap is because if we do adopt this. Approach approach approach we'll be will be we'll be will be we'll be will be . Deeply structured by this decision and deeply structured by this decision and deeply structured by this decision and. Obviously if if we don't adopt it if obviously if if we don't adopt it if obviously if if we don't adopt it if. There's if there's really strong there's if there's really strong there's if there's really strong. Community feedback this is a terrible community feedback this is a terrible community feedback this is a terrible. Idea nobody likes it if all the idea nobody likes it if all the idea nobody likes it if all the. Technical review says this is impossible technical review says this is impossible. Technical review says this is impossible it won't be able to make it work or it's. It won't be able to make it work or it's it won't be able to make it work or it's. you know there's there's there's no way you know there's there's there's no way. You know there's there's there's no way you can never come up with common data you can never come up with common data. You can never come up with common data types that everyone would find agreeable types that everyone would find agreeable. Types that everyone would find agreeable that's really important information to that's really important information to. That's really important information to know because it does seem very very know because it does seem very very. Know because it does seem very very appealing but if it's if it's not going appealing but if it's if it's not going. Appealing but if it's if it's not going to work that will also change our to work that will also change our. To work that will also change our strategy very dramatically so strategy very dramatically so. Strategy very dramatically so i've talked a lot right now I don't know i've talked a lot right now I don't know. I've talked a lot right now I don't know if you have any other questions or if you have any other questions or. If you have any other questions or other things that you wanted to to other things that you wanted to to. other things that you wanted to to discuss about it there's there's discuss about it there's there's. Discuss about it there's there's some detail in the cap most of mostly some detail in the cap most of mostly. Some detail in the cap most of mostly conversation we've been having so far is conversation we've been having so far is. Conversation we've been having so far is just like just like just like around missing detail in the cap or. Around missing detail in the cap or around missing detail in the cap or or or debating a set of objects that's. Or or debating a set of objects that's or or debating a set of objects that's that's that's one of the big questions. That's that's one of the big questions that's that's one of the big questions is like which objects do you include as. Is like which objects do you include as is like which objects do you include as your sort of mvp first pass what host. Your sort of mvp first pass what host your sort of mvp first pass what host objects do you include as your. Objects do you include as your objects do you include as your baseline so I actually have one. Baseline so I actually have one baseline so I actually have one follow-up question before we go deep. Follow-up question before we go deep follow-up question before we go deep into the details which is. Into the details which is into the details which is how do we encourage people to use these. How do we encourage people to use these how do we encourage people to use these managed objects rather than to do. Managed objects rather than to do managed objects rather than to do something you know very offensive on the. Something you know very offensive on the something you know very offensive on the. on the like the source language side on the like the source language side on the like the source language side. Just because they can yeah so this does not this of course yeah so this does not this of course. This does not preclude you know shipping this does not preclude you know shipping. This does not preclude you know shipping your own encoder and decoder and just your own encoder and decoder and just. Your own encoder and decoder and just storing there's a there's a there's a storing there's a there's a there's a. Storing there's a there's a there's a data type in this cap called a binary data type in this cap called a binary. Data type in this cap called a binary which is just a raw bite array and so if which is just a raw bite array and so if. Which is just a raw bite array and so if you want to store a rod by right and you. You want to store a rod by right and you you want to store a rod by right and you. Want to ship the serialized deserialized want to ship the serialized deserialized. Want to ship the serialized deserialized code yourself code yourself code yourself. we're not gonna be able to stop you I we're not gonna be able to stop you i. we're not gonna be able to stop you I mean it's a it's a touring complete mean it's a it's a touring complete. Mean it's a it's a touring complete environment right so that's that's like environment right so that's that's like. Environment right so that's that's like trying to prevent someone from computing trying to prevent someone from computing. Trying to prevent someone from computing a particular function it's just not a particular function it's just not. A particular function it's just not it's against the whole point of the it's against the whole point of the. It's against the whole point of the platform to try to prevent that but I platform to try to prevent that but i. Platform to try to prevent that but I think you'll have a fairly strong think you'll have a fairly strong. Think you'll have a fairly strong disincentive just from the fee model if disincentive just from the fee model if. Disincentive just from the fee model if there's any type of pricing of resources there's any type of pricing of resources. There's any type of pricing of resources here which you know there has to be in here which you know there has to be in. Here which you know there has to be in order to order to order to make to arbitrate access to to cpu. Make to arbitrate access to to cpu make to arbitrate access to to cpu and disk resources on the validators. And disk resources on the validators and disk resources on the validators . It will be a lot more expensive to do it it will be a lot more expensive to do it. It will be a lot more expensive to do it that way and so I think you'll just that way and so I think you'll just. That way and so I think you'll just my hope anyway is my hope anyway is my hope anyway is. Obviously this won't work very well if obviously this won't work very well if obviously this won't work very well if. The fees turned out the other way but the fees turned out the other way but . The fees turned out the other way but my hope and my assumption is that you'll. My hope and my assumption is that you'll my hope and my assumption is that you'll. Be saving a ton of of be saving a ton of of be saving a ton of of you know. You know you know whatever whatever whatever gas metering fees the system is charging. Gas metering fees the system is charging gas metering fees the system is charging. users users users by using host objects because they're so by using host objects because they're so. By using host objects because they're so much faster and efficient I mean is it time to start digging into. I mean is it time to start digging into some of these details or does anyone some of these details or does anyone. Some of these details or does anyone I guess my first the first question is I guess my first the first question is. I guess my first the first question is in general do people feel pretty good in general do people feel pretty good. In general do people feel pretty good about this model I mean so so I have kind of a meta. I mean so so I have kind of a meta comment which is that comment which is that comment which is that. it seems to me it seems you know having it seems to me it seems you know having. It seems to me it seems you know having you know been involved in like a few you know been involved in like a few. You know been involved in like a few standardization efforts it seems a standardization efforts it seems a. Standardization efforts it seems a little weird to be contemplating a little weird to be contemplating a. Little weird to be contemplating a change of this scope without like a change of this scope without like a. Change of this scope without like a requirements document first to reference requirements document first to reference. Requirements document first to reference so like I have a bunch of nits but to so like I have a bunch of nits but to. So like I have a bunch of nits but to some extent it's gonna be like who knows some extent it's gonna be like who knows. Some extent it's gonna be like who knows because like we don't know because like we don't know. Because like we don't know what the requirements are what the requirements are what the requirements are. And aren't right and aren't right and aren't right so so so so I have like I have huge concerns. so I have like I have huge concerns so I have like I have huge concerns about the about the use of floating. About the about the use of floating about the about the use of floating point values for example it just seems. Point values for example it just seems point values for example it just seems like I can think of like a million bugs. Like I can think of like a million bugs like I can think of like a million bugs that like really. That like really that like really catastrophic bugs that are that could catastrophic bugs that are that could. Catastrophic bugs that are that could happen right like certainly in my happen right like certainly in my. Happen right like certainly in my lifetime like literally hardware has lifetime like literally hardware has. Lifetime like literally hardware has implemented ieee floating point implemented ieee floating point. Implemented ieee floating point incorrectly right on top of that there's incorrectly right on top of that there's. Incorrectly right on top of that there's like from one release to the next of like from one release to the next of. Like from one release to the next of like the compiler runtime there might be like the compiler runtime there might be. Like the compiler runtime there might be small changes like that they might use small changes like that they might use. Small changes like that they might use like a different like a different like a different. Not a number representation because not a number representation because not a number representation because. There's like tons of ways of there's like tons of ways of there's like tons of ways of. Representing representing representing not a number things like that you know not a number things like that you know. Not a number things like that you know positive negative zero so but you positive negative zero so but you. Positive negative zero so but you know maybe we need it maybe we don't but know maybe we need it maybe we don't but. Know maybe we need it maybe we don't but like like like this is just this is just . This is just without a requirements document to go without a requirements document to go. Without a requirements document to go back to like how do how do we know back to like how do how do we know. Back to like how do how do we know whether some of these things are good whether some of these things are good. Whether some of these things are good ideas or not or whether they're gonna ideas or not or whether they're gonna. Ideas or not or whether they're gonna serve serve our purposes so so david we've been you know we've been. David we've been you know we've been david we've been you know we've been like the one thing that we have going. Like the one thing that we have going like the one thing that we have going for us right now is that there's a lot. For us right now is that there's a lot for us right now is that there's a lot of prior art in the world of smart. Of prior art in the world of smart of prior art in the world of smart contracts and we have made a list. Contracts and we have made a list contracts and we have made a list of like sample smart contracts that we. Of like sample smart contracts that we of like sample smart contracts that we are interested in. Are interested in are interested in seeing like that should be like a sep seeing like that should be like a sep. seeing like that should be like a sep or something there should be like this or something there should be like this. Or something there should be like this should reference like a document should reference like a document . Should reference like a document saying like you know like these are the saying like you know like these are the. Saying like you know like these are the requirements for our for like smart requirements for our for like smart. Requirements for our for like smart contracts on Stellar right contracts on Stellar right. Contracts on Stellar right okay that makes sense I can work on that that makes sense I can work on that. maybe in the meantime if you have maybe in the meantime if you have maybe in the meantime if you have. Specific concerns like the floating specific concerns like the floating specific concerns like the floating. Point thing is sounds like something we point thing is sounds like something we point thing is sounds like something we. Might want to discuss might want to discuss might want to discuss I can speak to that a little bit i. I can speak to that a little bit I can speak to that a little bit I mean just very briefly . Mean just very briefly mean just very briefly wasm as a as a spec does include . Wasm as a as a spec does include wasm as a as a spec does include instructions for floating point. Instructions for floating point instructions for floating point this this this. This cap doesn't specifically this cap doesn't specifically this cap doesn't specifically. Preclude them we've we've talked so preclude them we've we've talked so preclude them we've we've talked so. Far far far somewhat seriously about the possibility somewhat seriously about the possibility. Somewhat seriously about the possibility of of actually filtering them out of of of actually filtering them out of. Of of actually filtering them out of saying that that saying that that saying that that. All the floating point instructions all the floating point instructions all the floating point instructions . Equal invalid contract equal invalid contract equal invalid contract just just just again to to sort of to. Just just just again to to sort of to just just just again to to sort of to allay fears because you're not the. Allay fears because you're not the allay fears because you're not the first person to use expressed fear is. First person to use expressed fear is first person to use expressed fear is your own floating point now personally. Your own floating point now personally your own floating point now personally myself I'm a little bit more of a. Myself I'm a little bit more of a myself I'm a little bit more of a floating point believer so I I'm not. Floating point believer so I I'm not floating point believer so I I'm not as concerned about that there are. As concerned about that there are as concerned about that there are two sources of what we might consider. two sources of what we might consider two sources of what we might consider. Non-determinism or or wiggle room in non-determinism or or wiggle room in non-determinism or or wiggle room in. floating point behavior floating point behavior floating point behavior . that are that are left open in the that are that are left open in the. That are that are left open in the wasm spec in in all other respects wasm spec in in all other respects . Wasm spec in in all other respects wasm just just delegates directly to wasm just just delegates directly to. Wasm just just delegates directly to ie754 and if you do not implement 754 ie754 and if you do not implement 754. Ie754 and if you do not implement 754 correctly yeah you're in error that's correctly yeah you're in error that's. Correctly yeah you're in error that's that's that that's that that's that and 754 has not actually changed in. and 754 has not actually changed in and 754 has not actually changed in 40 years so I mean I think that's. 40 years so I mean I think that's 40 years so I mean I think that's actually a fairly stable thing to point. Actually a fairly stable thing to point actually a fairly stable thing to point to yeah but it's not it's not it's not. To yeah but it's not it's not it's not to yeah but it's not it's not it's not the standard so much as. The standard so much as the standard so much as like implementations of it which have. Like implementations of it which have like implementations of it which have been buggy or . Been buggy or been buggy or there's been like there have been like there's been like there have been like. There's been like there have been like two cpus shipped in my lifetime that had two cpus shipped in my lifetime that had. Two cpus shipped in my lifetime that had bugs and they were they were like very bugs and they were they were like very. Bugs and they were they were like very high priority fixes so I think high priority fixes so I think. High priority fixes so I think saying like that saying like that saying like that. Saying like okay like saying like okay like saying like okay like but these are like exactly the cpus that. But these are like exactly the cpus that but these are like exactly the cpus that. Would be like running Stellar core right would be like running Stellar core right. Would be like running Stellar core right so this would be like catastrophic for so this would be like catastrophic for. So this would be like catastrophic for Stellar core so again if we have a Stellar core so again if we have a. Stellar core so again if we have a requirements document and say here's requirements document and say here's. Requirements document and say here's like 10 contracts you want and like like 10 contracts you want and like. Like 10 contracts you want and like six of them need floating point then six of them need floating point then. Six of them need floating point then we need floating point if zero of them we need floating point if zero of them. We need floating point if zero of them need floating point then it seems crazy need floating point then it seems crazy. Need floating point then it seems crazy I agree that we can we can decide I agree that we can we can decide. I agree that we can we can decide whether or not to have floating point I whether or not to have floating point i. Whether or not to have floating point I think referring to the f div bug as as a think referring to the f div bug as as a. Think referring to the f div bug as as a reason that floating point is not a reason that floating point is not a. Reason that floating point is not a reliable piece of software is hyperbolic reliable piece of software is hyperbolic. Reliable piece of software is hyperbolic I don't think that's a fair objection I don't think that's a fair objection. I don't think that's a fair objection floating point is very well defined at floating point is very well defined at. Floating point is very well defined at this point what about compilers that this point what about compilers that. This point what about compilers that like you know use 80 bit when it's in a like you know use 80 bit when it's in a. Like you know use 80 bit when it's in a register and 64-bit when it's been register and 64-bit when it's been . Register and 64-bit when it's been spilled to memory right like things like spilled to memory right like things like. Spilled to memory right like things like that so a 80-bit floating point is is that so a 80-bit floating point is is. That so a 80-bit floating point is is not a an accessible format in lesson not a an accessible format in lesson. Not a an accessible format in lesson you you you only have access to the 64 you you you only have access to the 64. You you you only have access to the 64 all the operations but I find it like all the operations but I find it like. all the operations but I find it like there's like a bug in the run time that there's like a bug in the run time that. There's like a bug in the run time that it would like accidentally use 80 bit it would like accidentally use 80 bit. It would like accidentally use 80 bit but you're saying like that it's not but you're saying like that it's not. But you're saying like that it's not available it's literally not available available it's literally not available. Available it's literally not available on the target the target the wasm target on the target the target the wasm target. On the target the target the wasm target does not does not have extended does not does not have extended. Does not does not have extended floating point floating point floating point there there is at the same time. There there is at the same time there there is at the same time to like figure out if there's a. To like figure out if there's a to like figure out if there's a requirement for floating points before. Requirement for floating points before requirement for floating points before getting too too deep into. Getting too too deep into getting too too deep into what might go wrong I think it's the. What might go wrong I think it's the what might go wrong I think it's the right one okay. So so tell me you're making that you're so so tell me you're making that you're gonna make that awesome sound yep. Okay are there other you know so okay are there other you know so floating points is we're putting a. Floating points is we're putting a floating points is we're putting a bracket on and it may come up and it may. Bracket on and it may come up and it may bracket on and it may come up and it may. Not we can have that discussion are not we can have that discussion are not we can have that discussion are. There other like concerns there other like concerns there other like concerns like that that we should get into now. Like that that we should get into now like that that we should get into now well I think like the big one is . Well I think like the big one is well I think like the big one is concurrency right like do we . Concurrency right like do we concurrency right like do we do do we require like if the. Do do we require like if the do do we require like if the requirements include sort of performance. Requirements include sort of performance requirements include sort of performance. Then we need to be able to run then we need to be able to run then we need to be able to run. you know smart contracts and multiple you know smart contracts and multiple. you know smart contracts and multiple cores in parallel which cores in parallel which. Cores in parallel which entails one set of requirements like entails one set of requirements like. Entails one set of requirements like making sure that that we don't run making sure that that we don't run. Making sure that that we don't run conflicting smart contracts in parallel conflicting smart contracts in parallel. Conflicting smart contracts in parallel if we don't need performance that you if we don't need performance that you. if we don't need performance that you know then then we don't need that but know then then we don't need that but. Know then then we don't need that but but it seems like that again is but it seems like that again is. but it seems like that again is something that we need to decide something that we need to decide. Something that we need to decide pretty early and it needs to be driven pretty early and it needs to be driven. Pretty early and it needs to be driven by by requirements by by requirements by by requirements. Yeah I can I can speak to that a little yeah I can I can speak to that a little yeah I can I can speak to that a little. Bit that that is bit that that is bit that that is definitely something that we we have. Definitely something that we we have definitely something that we we have been . Been been extensively considering and and have extensively considering and and have . Extensively considering and and have in fact a prototype planned for in fact a prototype planned for. In fact a prototype planned for as with everything sort of above the. As with everything sort of above the as with everything sort of above the single contract single vm. Single contract single vm single contract single vm interface interface interface. it's not specified in this cap so it's not specified in this cap so it's not specified in this cap so. This cap doesn't for example talk about this cap doesn't for example talk about this cap doesn't for example talk about. Ledger entries at all and so so so any ledger entries at all and so so so any ledger entries at all and so so so any. Concurrency issues concurrency issues concurrency issues relate to access to the ledger there. Relate to access to the ledger there relate to access to the ledger there there is essentially no. There is essentially no there is essentially no there are there are no concurrent . There are there are no concurrent there are there are no concurrent host objects in in this model and I I'm. Host objects in in this model and I I'm host objects in in this model and I I'm happy to spell that fact that that . Happy to spell that fact that that happy to spell that fact that that these host objects are isolated to a. These host objects are isolated to a these host objects are isolated to a single vm the single vm single threaded. Single vm the single vm single threaded single vm the single vm single threaded or or sorry to a single host context . Or or sorry to a single host context or or sorry to a single host context which is. Which is which is may have multiple vms but they are may have multiple vms but they are. May have multiple vms but they are executed on a single thread in serial executed on a single thread in serial. Executed on a single thread in serial so so there's no concurrent access to so so there's no concurrent access to. So so there's no concurrent access to host objects whatsoever in this in this host objects whatsoever in this in this. Host objects whatsoever in this in this cap cap cap right so this seems potentially not. right so this seems potentially not right so this seems potentially not workable depending on our requirements. Workable depending on our requirements workable depending on our requirements let me finish . Let me finish let me finish concurrent access to ledger entries concurrent access to ledger entries. Concurrent access to ledger entries is planned is planned is planned so so the ledger would be the the the. so so the ledger would be the the the so so the ledger would be the the the. Shared concurrent shared concurrent shared concurrent data structure data structure. Data structure the the thing that it's meaningful to the the thing that it's meaningful to. the the thing that it's meaningful to talk about concurrency with respect to talk about concurrency with respect to. Talk about concurrency with respect to and that's something that we will and that's something that we will. and that's something that we will be discussing in later cap because the be discussing in later cap because the. Be discussing in later cap because the transaction format for invoking transaction format for invoking. Transaction format for invoking transactions that we have planned transactions that we have planned. Transactions that we have planned includes a includes a includes a sort of I guess a trick or a standard. Sort of I guess a trick or a standard sort of I guess a trick or a standard pattern from the deterministic database. Pattern from the deterministic database pattern from the deterministic database literature where transactions carry. Literature where transactions carry literature where transactions carry static read write sets sort of staple to. Static read write sets sort of staple to static read write sets sort of staple to. The transaction so the transaction so the transaction so you know you know you know. The the semantics are strict the the semantics are strict the the semantics are strict. Serializability with the caveat that serializability with the caveat that serializability with the caveat that. It's implemented by by it's implemented by by it's implemented by by you know deterministically . You know deterministically you know deterministically partitioned partitioned. Partitioned read write sets especially there's no read write sets especially there's no. Read write sets especially there's no there's no actual contention there's no there's no actual contention there's no. There's no actual contention there's no requirement for concurrency control requirement for concurrency control. Requirement for concurrency control because the the concurrent executions because the the concurrent executions. Because the the concurrent executions are all on disjoint data I think so an are all on disjoint data I think so an. Are all on disjoint data I think so an account id for example it's a type that account id for example it's a type that. Account id for example it's a type that doesn't exactly respond to an actual doesn't exactly respond to an actual. Doesn't exactly respond to an actual account it's just yeah account it's just yeah. Account it's just yeah it's just the public key or whatever and it's just the public key or whatever and. It's just the public key or whatever and then and then the contract literally then and then the contract literally. Then and then the contract literally can't can't see any data that it hasn't can't can't see any data that it hasn't. Can't can't see any data that it hasn't pre-declared as part of its rewrite sets pre-declared as part of its rewrite sets. Pre-declared as part of its rewrite sets so so there's there's a there's so so there's there's a there's. So so there's there's a there's essentially a static data structure on a essentially a static data structure on a. Essentially a static data structure on a static static static schedule for each transaction set. Schedule for each transaction set schedule for each transaction set that partitions it into. That partitions it into that partitions it into non-overlapping partitions and then run. Non-overlapping partitions and then run non-overlapping partitions and then run concurrently. So I agree it's a it's a concern it's so I agree it's a it's a concern it's something that we have been thinking. Something that we have been thinking something that we have been thinking quite quite a lot about I don't think. Quite quite a lot about I don't think quite quite a lot about I don't think most of its contents show up in this cap. Most of its contents show up in this cap most of its contents show up in this cap. I think they show up in in in that the I think they show up in in in that the I think they show up in in in that the. Cap that talks about the transaction cap that talks about the transaction cap that talks about the transaction. Life cycle and access to ledger which life cycle and access to ledger which life cycle and access to ledger which. Will which will be coming later but I will which will be coming later but i. Will which will be coming later but I can can can reiterate in this cap that there is. Reiterate in this cap that there is reiterate in this cap that there is essentially. Essentially essentially where we're we're not going to be where we're we're not going to be. Where we're we're not going to be supporting the any of the wasm supporting the any of the wasm. Supporting the any of the wasm multi-threading proposals that are multi-threading proposals that are. Multi-threading proposals that are floating around in the future for floating around in the future for. Floating around in the future for running inside one of these vms and that running inside one of these vms and that. Running inside one of these vms and that the multiple vms that exist inside of a the multiple vms that exist inside of a. The multiple vms that exist inside of a host context that are described in this host context that are described in this. Host context that are described in this cap are intended cap are intended cap are intended. To be strictly serial semantics and that to be strictly serial semantics and that. To be strictly serial semantics and that all of the objects would be private to all of the objects would be private to. All of the objects would be private to that single thread that are described in that single thread that are described in. That single thread that are described in this gap so far okay cool and so everything else other. Okay cool and so everything else other than floating point is like completely than floating point is like completely. Than floating point is like completely well defined in the wasm spec well defined in the wasm spec. Well defined in the wasm spec like like if you shift a 32-bit number like like if you shift a 32-bit number. Like like if you shift a 32-bit number by more than 32 bits like that that's by more than 32 bits like that that's. By more than 32 bits like that that's like what does that do for example yeah like what does that do for example yeah. Like what does that do for example yeah that that's that is that is well defined that that's that is that is well defined. That that's that is that is well defined in the lessons back in the lessons back . In the lessons back the the the there are as I said there are two there are as I said there are two. There are as I said there are two floating point idiosyncrasies they're floating point idiosyncrasies they're. Floating point idiosyncrasies they're they're actually not the ones you're they're actually not the ones you're. They're actually not the ones you're talking about there's some talking about there's some. Talking about there's some nan normalization nan normalization nan normalization. which all the interpreters we've been which all the interpreters we've been. which all the interpreters we've been looking at have looking at have looking at have. Some option for for normalizing bands some option for for normalizing bands some option for for normalizing bands. After every operation is just expected after every operation is just expected after every operation is just expected. To do to do to do and and and the state of the floating point. the state of the floating point the state of the floating point environment flags you have to you know. Environment flags you have to you know environment flags you have to you know there's there's a hardware environment. There's there's a hardware environment there's there's a hardware environment the the floating point environment. the the floating point environment the the floating point environment which which control controls the. Which which control controls the which which control controls the rounding mode and the exception. Rounding mode and the exception rounding mode and the exception propagation of the exceptions are eager. Propagation of the exceptions are eager propagation of the exceptions are eager or. Or or quiet quiet quiet and and and that is assumed that something it's. That is assumed that something it's that is assumed that something it's something you have to set and as as a. Something you have to set and as as a something you have to set and as as a. As a host environment you have to set it as a host environment you have to set it. As a host environment you have to set it to a particular state before you invoke to a particular state before you invoke. To a particular state before you invoke your your wasm code but there's no your your wasm code but there's no. Your your wasm code but there's no interface for changing it from inside interface for changing it from inside. Interface for changing it from inside wisely code so wisely code so wisely code so. you know so long as we specify what you know so long as we specify what you know so long as we specify what. This what the settings of the floating this what the settings of the floating this what the settings of the floating. Point environment are point environment are point environment are it would be it would be deterministic. It would be it would be deterministic it would be it would be deterministic with respect to that it's just that wasm. With respect to that it's just that wasm with respect to that it's just that wasm. As a spec doesn't define what you will as a spec doesn't define what you will as a spec doesn't define what you will. Set the floating point environments set the floating point environments set the floating point environments. Settings too so settings too so settings too so so what happens if you right shift the. So what happens if you right shift the so what happens if you right shift the a 32-bit integer by. A 32-bit integer by a 32-bit integer by 32. I don't know off the top of my 32. I don't know off the top of my. 32. I don't know off the top of my head you'd have to you'd have to look at head you'd have to you'd have to look at. Head you'd have to you'd have to look at the spec I don't have the glass inspect the spec I don't have the glass inspect. The spec I don't have the glass inspect memorized but memorized but memorized but . It's it's it's it's it it's very very well well defined it's it it's very very well well defined. It's it it's very very well well defined it's one of the most well-defined vms. it's one of the most well-defined vms it's one of the most well-defined vms. Out there I think probably that's ever out there I think probably that's ever out there I think probably that's ever. Been done there was something else you were there was something else you were. Asking about though oh yeah yeah asking about though oh yeah yeah asking about though oh yeah yeah. Everything else he is in wizard is everything else he is in wizard is everything else he is in wizard is. Very well defined very well defined very well defined the the big caveat in my mind is that . The the big caveat in my mind is that the the big caveat in my mind is that . There are no host functions specified there are no host functions specified there are no host functions specified. Here but there are a bunch of host here but there are a bunch of host here but there are a bunch of host. Functions implied by the data model functions implied by the data model functions implied by the data model. Right like there's a map and a vector right like there's a map and a vector right like there's a map and a vector. And a big num and a big num and a big num and you know you only have those data. And you know you only have those data and you know you only have those data values if you expect to have functions. Values if you expect to have functions values if you expect to have functions that operate on them and. That operate on them and that operate on them and a completely reasonable objection that. A completely reasonable objection that a completely reasonable objection that caveat that one might have to this cap. Caveat that one might have to this cap caveat that one might have to this cap is I don't think it's possible to. Is I don't think it's possible to is I don't think it's possible to specify functions on this. Specify functions on this specify functions on this data type unambiguously so you know we. Data type unambiguously so you know we data type unambiguously so you know we should leave it out and I think. Should leave it out and I think should leave it out and I think that's that's. That's that's that's that's particularly when we're talking about particularly when we're talking about. Particularly when we're talking about cost models that's something I'm cost models that's something I'm. Cost models that's something I'm somewhat concerned about is making sure somewhat concerned about is making sure. Somewhat concerned about is making sure that it's that we're only including data that it's that we're only including data. That it's that we're only including data types types types about which about which. About which we can we can we can plausibly believe that we would be able plausibly believe that we would be able. Plausibly believe that we would be able to construct correct to construct correct. To construct correct or at least worth case cost models for or at least worth case cost models for. Or at least worth case cost models for any of the reasonable operations that any of the reasonable operations that. Any of the reasonable operations that would be implied by the presence of that would be implied by the presence of that. Would be implied by the presence of that data type data type data type so so you know big numbers imply there's. So so you know big numbers imply there's so so you know big numbers imply there's. Going to be big number multiplication going to be big number multiplication going to be big number multiplication. Can we figure out a reasonable worst can we figure out a reasonable worst can we figure out a reasonable worst. Case cost model and and make sure that case cost model and and make sure that case cost model and and make sure that. That's correct I think we probably that's correct I think we probably that's correct I think we probably. Can that's why I include big numbers I can that's why I include big numbers I can that's why I include big numbers i. Think big numbers are reasonably well think big numbers are reasonably well think big numbers are reasonably well. Studied but studied but studied but you know if if that if that strikes you know if if that if that strikes. you know if if that if that strikes at the heart of fear of non-determinism at the heart of fear of non-determinism. At the heart of fear of non-determinism or fear of impossibility of bounding or fear of impossibility of bounding. Or fear of impossibility of bounding cost models I think that's something cost models I think that's something. Cost models I think that's something that would be a very reasonable that would be a very reasonable. That would be a very reasonable sort of point point of debate on on this sort of point point of debate on on this. Sort of point point of debate on on this cap is like cap is like cap is like please leave this out because it's too. Please leave this out because it's too please leave this out because it's too scary. Itself like actually doing an exercise itself like actually doing an exercise to create and enumerate on any of those. To create and enumerate on any of those to create and enumerate on any of those in the cap itself. In the cap itself in the cap itself or is that something or is that something or is that something. That's just a bunch of unnecessary work that's just a bunch of unnecessary work that's just a bunch of unnecessary work. I don't I mean the thing is we don't I don't I mean the thing is we don't I don't I mean the thing is we don't. Really we don't have at least I'm not really we don't have at least I'm not. Really we don't have at least I'm not so I'm not really expert in cap writing so I'm not really expert in cap writing. So I'm not really expert in cap writing but it it seems but it it seems but it it seems . It seems to me that we don't have a it seems to me that we don't have a it seems to me that we don't have a. Section in caps that's sort of like section in caps that's sort of like section in caps that's sort of like. Miscellaneous discussion or or miscellaneous discussion or or miscellaneous discussion or or. Speculation and that's really what speculation and that's really what speculation and that's really what. We'll be doing there we will be we'll be doing there we will be we'll be doing there we will be. Speculating forwards to future caps and speculating forwards to future caps and speculating forwards to future caps and. Saying saying saying and that's what's unusual about this app and that's what's unusual about this app. And that's what's unusual about this app is that it is really incomplete it's not. Is that it is really incomplete it's not is that it is really incomplete it's not. It's not a whole feature in and of it's not a whole feature in and of it's not a whole feature in and of. Itself I say in the preamble to it that itself I say in the preamble to it that itself I say in the preamble to it that. There's actually nothing new that a user there's actually nothing new that a user. There's actually nothing new that a user can use here which is a little bit weird. Can use here which is a little bit weird can use here which is a little bit weird. For cap for cap for cap and so it might make sense to include in and so it might make sense to include in. And so it might make sense to include in that preamble or in the context or that preamble or in the context or. That preamble or in the context or justification section or something like justification section or something like. Justification section or something like that a little bit of forward speculation that a little bit of forward speculation. That a little bit of forward speculation about you know we assume that the about you know we assume that the. About you know we assume that the following things are going to come following things are going to come. Following things are going to come they'll probably look a little bit like they'll probably look a little bit like. They'll probably look a little bit like this but we're not specifying them here this but we're not specifying them here. This but we're not specifying them here it's just like for context if if you it's just like for context if if you. It's just like for context if if you like I'm happy to add that like I'm happy to add that. Like I'm happy to add that no it's okay I think we are going to no it's okay I think we are going to. No it's okay I think we are going to have those other caps like the host have those other caps like the host. Have those other caps like the host function cap for example is one that we function cap for example is one that we. Function cap for example is one that we need to need to need to to kind of lay out as well right. And we have a different cap I think that and we have a different cap I think that. Would be around would be around would be around the the the cost model and things like that limits. Cost model and things like that limits cost model and things like that limits and cost models. So it's all it's fine it's more like so it's all it's fine it's more like yeah. Yeah yeah it's one that's like being covered in it's one that's like being covered in. It's one that's like being covered in separate caps right now yeah like we separate caps right now yeah like we. Separate caps right now yeah like we started to do that with feedex actually started to do that with feedex actually. Started to do that with feedex actually the whole like split up you know like the whole like split up you know like. The whole like split up you know like an actual protocol into many pieces an actual protocol into many pieces . An actual protocol into many pieces so that we have like so that we have like so that we have like. Parts that we can think about parts that we can think about parts that we can think about. Discuss discuss discuss and there will be some some of that here and there will be some some of that here. And there will be some some of that here as well of course as well of course as well of course. I think we want probably I think we want probably I think we want probably. Yeah now is going to say real yeah now is going to say real yeah now is going to say real. Quick like yeah I think we want to quick like yeah I think we want to quick like yeah I think we want to. Leave some time to also talk about the leave some time to also talk about the leave some time to also talk about the. Other topic for today so yeah david you have another question so yeah david you have another question. Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah what what what so I guess I'm also trying to so I guess I'm also trying to. So I guess I'm also trying to understand like so you can have like a understand like so you can have like a. Understand like so you can have like a 30-pin number either as a value or as an 30-pin number either as a value or as an. 30-pin number either as a value or as an object a 32-bit number there's no there's. a 32-bit number there's no there's no object type for a 32-bit number no object type for a 32-bit number. No object type for a 32-bit number there's only there's only a version there's only there's only a version. There's only there's only a version embedded in value because it always fits embedded in value because it always fits. Embedded in value because it always fits in value value is the 64-bit type with in value value is the 64-bit type with. In value value is the 64-bit type with the tag union on it so there's no reason the tag union on it so there's no reason. The tag union on it so there's no reason to ever to ever to ever box it essentially. sorry so you have this part where you sorry so you have this part where you. Sorry so you have this part where you say like the only the data values that say like the only the data values that. Say like the only the data values that are shared are 32 and 64-bit numbers are shared are 32 and 64-bit numbers. Are shared are 32 and 64-bit numbers floating point in integer and then you floating point in integer and then you. Floating point in integer and then you have these like tag types that include a have these like tag types that include a. Have these like tag types that include a 30 30 30 a 63-bit positive number and like. A 63-bit positive number and like a 63-bit positive number and like a 32-bit unsigned integer. A 32-bit unsigned integer a 32-bit unsigned integer and 32-bit signed integers so how do. and 32-bit signed integers so how do and 32-bit signed integers so how do those. Those those like what's the relationship between like what's the relationship between. Like what's the relationship between those and like the fundamental values those and like the fundamental values. Those and like the fundamental values then I see okay yeah yeah sure then I see okay yeah yeah sure. Then I see okay yeah yeah sure happy to talk about that so so the happy to talk about that so so the. Happy to talk about that so so the the the the the the the point that you're reading that says. Point that you're reading that says point that you're reading that says there are exactly four types of data. There are exactly four types of data there are exactly four types of data values shared between guest and host . Values shared between guest and host values shared between guest and host I'm maybe being splitting hairs in. I'm maybe being splitting hairs in I'm maybe being splitting hairs in terminology here a little bit these are. Terminology here a little bit these are terminology here a little bit these are these are essentially the data values. These are essentially the data values these are essentially the data values. Mandated by the wasm interface so these mandated by the wasm interface so these mandated by the wasm interface so these. Are the only possible data values are the only possible data values are the only possible data values. there's there's no way for us to talk there's there's no way for us to talk. There's there's no way for us to talk about a data value that is not one of about a data value that is not one of. About a data value that is not one of those four when we're when we're calling those four when we're when we're calling. Those four when we're when we're calling a function for example and passing a function for example and passing. A function for example and passing arguments the only argument types are arguments the only argument types are. Arguments the only argument types are those four those four those four so so. so well I see what you're saying we don't well I see what you're saying we don't. Well I see what you're saying we don't have for example a 64-bit integer like have for example a 64-bit integer like. Have for example a 64-bit integer like like we we even though we can pass a like we we even though we can pass a. Like we we even though we can pass a 64-bit integer we always interpret it as 64-bit integer we always interpret it as. 64-bit integer we always interpret it as one of these tagged things one of these tagged things. One of these tagged things yeah so so what comes what comes later yeah so so what comes what comes later. Yeah so so what comes what comes later on is is and I should I should on is is and I should I should. On is is and I should I should actually clarify sort of that layering actually clarify sort of that layering. Actually clarify sort of that layering here is that we're we're picking just here is that we're we're picking just. Here is that we're we're picking just the 64-bit type we're actually only the 64-bit type we're actually only. The 64-bit type we're actually only using the in n64 using the in n64 using the in n64. And we're saying every value we pass and we're saying every value we pass and we're saying every value we pass. Back and forth is going to be an n64 and back and forth is going to be an n64 and. Back and forth is going to be an n64 and we're going to use it as a tag union we're going to use it as a tag union. We're going to use it as a tag union inside of itself to carry a bunch of inside of itself to carry a bunch of. Inside of itself to carry a bunch of different stuff so some of which can be different stuff so some of which can be. Different stuff so some of which can be a 32 some of which can be an object a 32 some of which can be an object. A 32 some of which can be an object reference which can be a small symbol reference which can be a small symbol. Reference which can be a small symbol there's a bunch of little values in there's a bunch of little values in. There's a bunch of little values in there well should we move on and talk about well should we move on and talk about. The next agenda item which is the next agenda item which is the next agenda item which is. Interoperability there are a couple of questions here there are a couple of questions here. That I think that I think that I think yeah I think we can ask more questions yeah I think we can ask more questions. Yeah I think we can ask more questions on the dev meeting list on the on the on the dev meeting list on the on the. On the dev meeting list on the on the runtime all right cool let's let's switch. All right cool let's let's switch topics then topics then topics then so so . So excuse me excuse me excuse me on the topic of interoperability on the topic of interoperability. On the topic of interoperability my questions kind of come back to the my questions kind of come back to the. My questions kind of come back to the same kind of thing that david opened up same kind of thing that david opened up. Same kind of thing that david opened up with which was like what are the with which was like what are the. With which was like what are the requirements requirements requirements i've been thinking about this for you. I've been thinking about this for you i've been thinking about this for you know the last like 10 days or whatever. Know the last like 10 days or whatever know the last like 10 days or whatever at this point. At this point at this point but it's really really vague what we but it's really really vague what we. But it's really really vague what we what we actually want what we actually want. What we actually want and one of the big questions that we and one of the big questions that we. And one of the big questions that we keep coming back to that keeps coming up keep coming back to that keeps coming up. Keep coming back to that keeps coming up in conversations I'm involved in is like. In conversations I'm involved in is like in conversations I'm involved in is like. What should a smart contract fund seller what should a smart contract fund seller. What should a smart contract fund seller be be be able to do and one of the examples that. Able to do and one of the examples that able to do and one of the examples that you know keeps coming up is like. You know one of the things that becomes you know one of the things that becomes very centralized on seller today is. Very centralized on seller today is very centralized on seller today is managing the authorization for an asset. Managing the authorization for an asset managing the authorization for an asset you know like what if you want to have. You know like what if you want to have you know like what if you want to have like a daily transfer limit or something. Like a daily transfer limit or something like a daily transfer limit or something. Like that like these are things that are like that like these are things that are. Like that like these are things that are really annoying to do really annoying to do. Really annoying to do because it all has to be done to like because it all has to be done to like. because it all has to be done to like a central server etc a central server etc. A central server etc but a smart contract could fulfill but a smart contract could fulfill. but a smart contract could fulfill this role in theory this role in theory this role in theory. do we do we want to make it easy for do we do we want to make it easy for do we do we want to make it easy for. Smart contracts to do this stuff where smart contracts to do this stuff where smart contracts to do this stuff where. Basically they become like a gatekeeper basically they become like a gatekeeper basically they become like a gatekeeper. To classic to classic to classic or do we want to not make that easy and or do we want to not make that easy and. Or do we want to not make that easy and basically say like hey basically say like hey. Basically say like hey if you want to build these kinds of if you want to build these kinds of. If you want to build these kinds of things just build them entirely and things just build them entirely and. Things just build them entirely and smart and get the features there smart and get the features there. Smart and get the features there and these are the kinds of questions I'm. And these are the kinds of questions I'm and these are the kinds of questions I'm. Interested in the high level and there's interested in the high level and there's. Interested in the high level and there's more to like how this is structured but more to like how this is structured but. More to like how this is structured but first let's just open this up like first let's just open this up like. First let's just open this up like do we think those kinds of things should do we think those kinds of things should. Do we think those kinds of things should be possible or should we just say like be possible or should we just say like. Be possible or should we just say like hey just like do that in smart and and to help me like understand. And and to help me like understand that the actual question on this like that the actual question on this like. That the actual question on this like like like the low level type of you like like the low level type of you. Like like the low level type of you know super granular know super granular know super granular. Access control example access control example access control example like. Like like the question there is like should people the question there is like should people. The question there is like should people be able to do like a be able to do like a. Be able to do like a normal like classic looking payment and normal like classic looking payment and. Normal like classic looking payment and it still ends up being gated by some it still ends up being gated by some. It still ends up being gated by some smart contract is that what the question smart contract is that what the question. Smart contract is that what the question is I can supply an example but is I can supply an example but. Is I can supply an example but I mean understand the use case it's more I mean understand the use case it's more. I mean understand the use case it's more like in terms of the like in terms of the. Like in terms of the what is the the question on the what is the the question on the. What is the the question on the how is that really related to classic I how is that really related to classic i. How is that really related to classic I guess I guess I guess I guess the way that I'm I'm imagining. I guess the way that I'm I'm imagining I guess the way that I'm I'm imagining any of this stuff working is like. Any of this stuff working is like any of this stuff working is like anything that comes through like. Anything that comes through like anything that comes through like anything that a smart contract is. Anything that a smart contract is anything that a smart contract is involved in originates on the smart. Involved in originates on the smart involved in originates on the smart contract side so you'd imagine basically. Contract side so you'd imagine basically contract side so you'd imagine basically. Saying okay i'd like to make this saying okay i'd like to make this saying okay i'd like to make this. Payment but then the smart contract does payment but then the smart contract does. Payment but then the smart contract does everything all the operations and stuff everything all the operations and stuff. Everything all the operations and stuff it's basically just a gatekeeper it's it's basically just a gatekeeper it's. It's basically just a gatekeeper it's like okay like you can do this then it like okay like you can do this then it. Like okay like you can do this then it goes and you know issues the allow trust goes and you know issues the allow trust. Goes and you know issues the allow trust and then it issues the payment and then it issues the payment. And then it issues the payment and then you know it issues the revoked and then you know it issues the revoked. And then you know it issues the revoked trust and etc and it does all of that on trust and etc and it does all of that on. Trust and etc and it does all of that on the native on the classic side basically. The native on the classic side basically the native on the classic side basically. Controlled by smart so you don't submit controlled by smart so you don't submit controlled by smart so you don't submit. A classic payment anymore but everything a classic payment anymore but everything. A classic payment anymore but everything is kind of happening classically is kind of happening classically. Is kind of happening classically including all this allow trust stuff including all this allow trust stuff. Including all this allow trust stuff which adds a lot of complexity as we which adds a lot of complexity as we. Which adds a lot of complexity as we know know know so so so I think like the payment alone is. I think like the payment alone is I think like the payment alone is kind of an essential building block you. Kind of an essential building block you kind of an essential building block you can't you can't have classic. Can't you can't have classic can't you can't have classic you can't have smart and classic like. You can't have smart and classic like you can't have smart and classic like not even be connected by payments that. Not even be connected by payments that not even be connected by payments that like that wouldn't make any sense but. Like that wouldn't make any sense but like that wouldn't make any sense but the other stuff you know you know. The other stuff you know you know the other stuff you know you know managing trust lines managing signers. Managing trust lines managing signers managing trust lines managing signers managing authorization all this other. Managing authorization all this other managing authorization all this other stuff do we want to do we want to allow. Stuff do we want to do we want to allow stuff do we want to do we want to allow that or do we want to just say hey i. That or do we want to just say hey I that or do we want to just say hey I can't do that from smart. Can't do that from smart can't do that from smart I mean I think that yeah this is exactly. I mean I think that yeah this is exactly I mean I think that yeah this is exactly. Getting to the to the core of like what getting to the to the core of like what getting to the to the core of like what. Why I want the requirements that can be why I want the requirements that can be why I want the requirements that can be. Because like one thing that like because like one thing that like because like one thing that like. So definitely like managing trust lines so definitely like managing trust lines so definitely like managing trust lines. And allow trust is like a big pain it's and allow trust is like a big pain it's and allow trust is like a big pain it's. Like something you might want to do is like something you might want to do is like something you might want to do is. Write a little smart contract says that write a little smart contract says that write a little smart contract says that. You know if so-and-so has authorized you you know if so-and-so has authorized you. You know if so-and-so has authorized you to like hold their asset then like you to like hold their asset then like you. To like hold their asset then like you can automatically hold my asset right can automatically hold my asset right. Can automatically hold my asset right so like is that the kind of thing we. So like is that the kind of thing we so like is that the kind of thing we want to support and if so that requires. Want to support and if so that requires want to support and if so that requires like a fair fair amount of like a fairly. Like a fair fair amount of like a fairly like a fair fair amount of like a fairly. Wide interface between smart and classic wide interface between smart and classic. Wide interface between smart and classic right right right you know my bias a priori would be to. You know my bias a priori would be to you know my bias a priori would be to say that we actually want that. Say that we actually want that say that we actually want that because because because. At the end of the day we want at the end of the day we want at the end of the day we want. You know you know you know we want as much we want transactions to we want as much we want transactions to. We want as much we want transactions to be as cheap as possible because that's be as cheap as possible because that's. Be as cheap as possible because that's always been kind of the Stellar way and always been kind of the Stellar way and. Always been kind of the Stellar way and so so so the more we can kind of like leverage. The more we can kind of like leverage the more we can kind of like leverage stuff that's implemented in c plus plus. Stuff that's implemented in c plus plus stuff that's implemented in c plus plus and it's potentially sort of optimizable. And it's potentially sort of optimizable and it's potentially sort of optimizable. Through through through maybe even future things like speed x maybe even future things like speed x. Maybe even future things like speed x like the better it also of course like the better it also of course. Like the better it also of course makes it easier to debug it's you know makes it easier to debug it's you know. Makes it easier to debug it's you know makes interoperability better because makes interoperability better because. Makes interoperability better because everyone's speaking like the same everyone's speaking like the same. Everyone's speaking like the same language language language using the same objects but again it. Using the same objects but again it using the same objects but again it boils down to requirements. Boils down to requirements boils down to requirements so I can you know while we don't have. So I can you know while we don't have so I can you know while we don't have this document of requirements I'm happy. This document of requirements I'm happy this document of requirements I'm happy to throw some out there you know a one. To throw some out there you know a one to throw some out there you know a one of the things that are very important. Of the things that are very important of the things that are very important for our ecosystem is that. For our ecosystem is that for our ecosystem is that existing services existing services. Existing services and existing stakeholders and existing stakeholders and existing stakeholders. Don't become deprecated so we're talking don't become deprecated so we're talking. Don't become deprecated so we're talking mostly about mostly about mostly about exchanges about issuers like circle we. Exchanges about issuers like circle we exchanges about issuers like circle we want to make sure that their asset is. Want to make sure that their asset is want to make sure that their asset is still viable and fully functional with. Still viable and fully functional with still viable and fully functional with you know the new smart. you know the new smart you know the new smart world world world now. now now what extent is it just like a user just what extent is it just like a user just. What extent is it just like a user just like you know moves their value into the like you know moves their value into the. Like you know moves their value into the smart world and then like it's a whole smart world and then like it's a whole. Smart world and then like it's a whole different primitives different primitives different primitives. I don't know that's kind of like what we I don't know that's kind of like what we. I don't know that's kind of like what we need to figure out need to figure out need to figure out. but we do want people to be able to but we do want people to be able to but we do want people to be able to. Issue smart assets as well that is issue smart assets as well that is issue smart assets as well that is. you know a lot of people a lot of you know a lot of people a lot of you know a lot of people a lot of. Issuers are using things like sep 8 issuers are using things like sep 8 issuers are using things like sep 8. Today to do today to do today to do things like you know various velocity things like you know various velocity. Things like you know various velocity limits or like minimum balance on their limits or like minimum balance on their. Limits or like minimum balance on their native asset on their issued asset native asset on their issued asset. Native asset on their issued asset limits and today that it requires a limits and today that it requires a. Limits and today that it requires a lot of finagling lot of finagling lot of finagling. it would be great for people to be it would be great for people to be it would be great for people to be. Issued to be able to issue them similar issued to be able to issue them similar issued to be able to issue them similar. To how erc20 tokens are issued to how erc20 tokens are issued to how erc20 tokens are issued. so but we could keep step eight so so but we could keep step eight so. so but we could keep step eight so in other words like there would be a new. In other words like there would be a new in other words like there would be a new. Signer type which would be like the signer type which would be like the signer type which would be like the. Smart contract endorses and then you smart contract endorses and then you smart contract endorses and then you. Could just kind of like do it through could just kind of like do it through could just kind of like do it through. The smart contract but like we would the smart contract but like we would the smart contract but like we would. Keep the same framework keep the same framework keep the same framework or not right yeah I think we're like i. Or not right yeah I think we're like I or not right yeah I think we're like I think I think you're getting into. Think I think you're getting into think I think you're getting into implementation here I just I'm. Implementation here I just I'm implementation here I just I'm getting into getting into. Getting into the the the how you choose this actually affects cap how you choose this actually affects cap. How you choose this actually affects cap 46 like whether certain things are a 46 like whether certain things are a. 46 like whether certain things are a good idea or not or what base objects we good idea or not or what base objects we. Good idea or not or what base objects we might want to have supported might want to have supported. Might want to have supported and so and so and so you know like for example one thing that. You know like for example one thing that you know like for example one thing that. Is not in here is any kind of is not in here is any kind of is not in here is any kind of. Capability right capability right capability right that I can tell that I can tell. that I can tell so like if so like if so like if if like a smart contract wanted to like. If like a smart contract wanted to like if like a smart contract wanted to like invoke some privilege or sign some other. Invoke some privilege or sign some other invoke some privilege or sign some other. transaction there'd be no way to do transaction there'd be no way to do transaction there'd be no way to do. That that that maybe maybe privileges or or whatever maybe maybe privileges or or whatever. Maybe maybe privileges or or whatever you want to call them need to be some a you want to call them need to be some a. You want to call them need to be some a kind of first-class thing my privileges here do you mean like a. My privileges here do you mean like a contract has the privilege to do a contract has the privilege to do a. Contract has the privilege to do a certain action on a certain account that certain action on a certain account that. Certain action on a certain account that is not the contracts account is not the contracts account. Is not the contracts account or it has a certain signing weight or or it has a certain signing weight or. Or it has a certain signing weight or something yeah exactly yeah this gets something yeah exactly yeah this gets. Something yeah exactly yeah this gets into the like the second part of my into the like the second part of my. Into the like the second part of my question in the document which is like question in the document which is like. Question in the document which is like the relationship between my contract the relationship between my contract. The relationship between my contract signers accounts signers accounts signers accounts. and like lee has proposed this is lee and like lee has proposed this is lee. And like lee has proposed this is lee here here here I don't know I don't know I don't know. Yes yes yes so leah's kind of proposed this model so leah's kind of proposed this model. So leah's kind of proposed this model where like maybe a contract should be a where like maybe a contract should be a. Where like maybe a contract should be a signer signer signer in some sense like if a contract can. In some sense like if a contract can in some sense like if a contract can generally control an accounts trust. Generally control an accounts trust generally control an accounts trust lines data entries whatever the account. Lines data entries whatever the account lines data entries whatever the account itself then it should be a signer on. Itself then it should be a signer on itself then it should be a signer on that account and for a variety of. That account and for a variety of that account and for a variety of reasons maybe it should be the only. Reasons maybe it should be the only reasons maybe it should be the only signer with any weight on that account. Signer with any weight on that account signer with any weight on that account so it has like exclusive control. So it has like exclusive control so it has like exclusive control but in this world like you could. but in this world like you could but in this world like you could still imagine the kind of case where you. Still imagine the kind of case where you still imagine the kind of case where you. Want like a one-off right like I want to want like a one-off right like I want to. Want like a one-off right like I want to allow this contract to like withdraw allow this contract to like withdraw. Allow this contract to like withdraw funds from my account right now a funds from my account right now a. Funds from my account right now a certain amount that I believe is going certain amount that I believe is going. Certain amount that I believe is going to be withdrawn like 100 or something to be withdrawn like 100 or something. To be withdrawn like 100 or something and this gets like a little weirder. And this gets like a little weirder and this gets like a little weirder it's like well what do you do do you. It's like well what do you do do you it's like well what do you do do you say like okay like the transaction that. Say like okay like the transaction that say like okay like the transaction that runs the smart contract invocation. Runs the smart contract invocation runs the smart contract invocation like the account signs that transaction. Like the account signs that transaction like the account signs that transaction and that's what gives it the. And that's what gives it the and that's what gives it the authorization but how do you be certain. Authorization but how do you be certain authorization but how do you be certain that the con that the smart contract. That the con that the smart contract that the con that the smart contract invocation at the time you actually run. Invocation at the time you actually run invocation at the time you actually run it is going to do the thing that you. It is going to do the thing that you it is going to do the thing that you thought it would do. Thought it would do thought it would do it's a little different from like you it's a little different from like you. It's a little different from like you know a seller contract where you're like know a seller contract where you're like. Know a seller contract where you're like this is a payment for fifty dollars this is a payment for fifty dollars. This is a payment for fifty dollars signed signed signed and that's where I think these kinds of. And that's where I think these kinds of and that's where I think these kinds of privileges come in like either you give. Privileges come in like either you give privileges come in like either you give the account like one off control of your. The account like one off control of your the account like one off control of your. Entire account at that signing weight to entire account at that signing weight to. Entire account at that signing weight to do anything you know you say medium well. Do anything you know you say medium well do anything you know you say medium well. I can do anything at medium whatever it I can do anything at medium whatever it I can do anything at medium whatever it. Wants or do you need some better control wants or do you need some better control. Wants or do you need some better control I don't know I don't know I don't know what do you think about this david. What do you think about this david what do you think about this david I mean yeah I think that that it cannot. I mean yeah I think that that it cannot I mean yeah I think that that it cannot sound like a broken record but like. Sound like a broken record but like sound like a broken record but like there are many possible answers here . There are many possible answers here there are many possible answers here you know in a priori without having the. You know in a priori without having the you know in a priori without having the context requirements might my kind of. Context requirements might my kind of context requirements might my kind of inclination would be to. Inclination would be to inclination would be to you know to to make privilege something. You know to to make privilege something you know to to make privilege something . people tend to run into problems with people tend to run into problems with. People tend to run into problems with like ambient authority right when it's like ambient authority right when it's. Like ambient authority right when it's sort of like any time you do something sort of like any time you do something. Sort of like any time you do something it's like if there's any possible way it's like if there's any possible way. It's like if there's any possible way you're allowed to do it like you can you you're allowed to do it like you can you. You're allowed to do it like you can you can do it right think of all these like can do it right think of all these like. Can do it right think of all these like time of check the time of use bugs and time of check the time of use bugs and. Time of check the time of use bugs and stuff that that that happen in unix and stuff that that that happen in unix and. Stuff that that that happen in unix and so to have some notion that that that a so to have some notion that that that a. So to have some notion that that that a smart contract has privileges and then smart contract has privileges and then. Smart contract has privileges and then it needs to explicitly invoke particular it needs to explicitly invoke particular. It needs to explicitly invoke particular privileges like maybe there's a smart privileges like maybe there's a smart. Privileges like maybe there's a smart contract that has contract that has contract that has. We wanted to have power over two we wanted to have power over two we wanted to have power over two. Accounts and so it has two different accounts and so it has two different accounts and so it has two different. Privileges and when it's doing something privileges and when it's doing something. Privileges and when it's doing something we want to literally specify which of we want to literally specify which of. We want to literally specify which of those two privileges it wants to do those two privileges it wants to do. Those two privileges it wants to do to avoid you know a kind of confused to avoid you know a kind of confused. To avoid you know a kind of confused deputy problem so so without knowing the requirements I would. Without knowing the requirements I would without knowing the requirements I would. Say like I would like to say like I would like to say like I would like to I it seems to me like maybe a good. I it seems to me like maybe a good I it seems to me like maybe a good idea to have privileges be like a really. Idea to have privileges be like a really idea to have privileges be like a really. Explicit thing explicit thing explicit thing but again but again it's a little abstract right now yeah. It's a little abstract right now yeah it's a little abstract right now yeah definitely if I can just chime in on on. Definitely if I can just chime in on on definitely if I can just chime in on on one thing with respect to . One thing with respect to one thing with respect to vocabularies and cat 46. Vocabularies and cat 46 vocabularies and cat 46 this is just a minimal prefix right this. This is just a minimal prefix right this this is just a minimal prefix right this. Is this is this the set of host objects is this is this the set of host objects is this is this the set of host objects. We can think of right now so you get to we can think of right now so you get to we can think of right now so you get to. Add new ones in the future if we don't we don't have to have a we don't we don't have to have a. Complete list for this that's all I'm complete list for this that's all I'm complete list for this that's all I'm. Saying sure but you know sure but you know getting the getting the sort of getting the getting the sort of. Getting the getting the sort of privilege model right from the start is privilege model right from the start is. Privilege model right from the start is probably a good idea like I don't know probably a good idea like I don't know. Probably a good idea like I don't know there's I mean there's no concept of a there's I mean there's no concept of a. There's I mean there's no concept of a privileged operation here because there privileged operation here because there. Privileged operation here because there are no operations so we don't yeah all are no operations so we don't yeah all. Are no operations so we don't yeah all I'm saying is we don't have to worry I'm saying is we don't have to worry. I'm saying is we don't have to worry about the weather privileges are about the weather privileges are. About the weather privileges are properly modeled in this cap we can say properly modeled in this cap we can say. Properly modeled in this cap we can say that is a thing we have to decide but that is a thing we have to decide but. That is a thing we have to decide but doesn't necessarily hold this gap doesn't necessarily hold this gap. Doesn't necessarily hold this gap one one thing on the topic of one one thing on the topic of. One one thing on the topic of privileges that I think is relevant here privileges that I think is relevant here. Privileges that I think is relevant here is like the bigger we make the like is like the bigger we make the like. Is like the bigger we make the like interop surface area interop surface area interop surface area. The more complicated the privileged the more complicated the privileged the more complicated the privileged. System has to be if the privileged system has to be if the privileged system has to be if the privileged. System basically amounts to like system basically amounts to like system basically amounts to like. You can only make payments then it's you can only make payments then it's you can only make payments then it's. Like okay like how much payment can I like okay like how much payment can I like okay like how much payment can i. Make from what account to what account make from what account to what account make from what account to what account. For what asset that's like the whole for what asset that's like the whole for what asset that's like the whole. Space I think it's sort of unless that's space I think it's sort of unless that's. Space I think it's sort of unless that's right right right it gets a little bit yeah more. It gets a little bit yeah more it gets a little bit yeah more complicated about that and like. Complicated about that and like complicated about that and like you know do we say that you can just. you know do we say that you can just you know do we say that you can just do payments or do we say that you can do. Do payments or do we say that you can do do payments or do we say that you can do. Payments at frequency or like had payments at frequency or like had payments at frequency or like had. The the number of cases like we're the the number of cases like we're the the number of cases like we're. Almost saying that permissions are almost saying that permissions are almost saying that permissions are. Almost a contract almost a contract almost a contract that you can implement that you can implement. That you can implement so so so like we've talked about privileges like we've talked about privileges. Like we've talked about privileges and permissions before but I don't think and permissions before but I don't think. And permissions before but I don't think we've really talked about we've really talked about. We've really talked about how do we make it so that people can how do we make it so that people can. How do we make it so that people can innovate on them because you know we innovate on them because you know we. Innovate on them because you know we could define some basic privileges could define some basic privileges. Could define some basic privileges but then people will be stuck sort of but then people will be stuck sort of. but then people will be stuck sort of what they have today with classic what they have today with classic. What they have today with classic Stellar that they'll be limitations that Stellar that they'll be limitations that. Stellar that they'll be limitations that they're trying to like work around they're trying to like work around. They're trying to like work around or you know they end up just going or you know they end up just going. or you know they end up just going and building their own erc20 like and building their own erc20 like. And building their own erc20 like contract just to completely replace the contract just to completely replace the. Contract just to completely replace the entire system because the permissions entire system because the permissions. Entire system because the permissions don't give them access to what they want don't give them access to what they want. Don't give them access to what they want to do to do to do I mean I guess one of the things I'm. I mean I guess one of the things I'm I mean I guess one of the things I'm saying is that Stellar actually does. Saying is that Stellar actually does saying is that Stellar actually does already have a notion of permissions. Already have a notion of permissions already have a notion of permissions or a privilege that's called signing. Or a privilege that's called signing or a privilege that's called signing weight and so we haven't really sort of. Weight and so we haven't really sort of weight and so we haven't really sort of formalized it or maybe like expressed it. Formalized it or maybe like expressed it formalized it or maybe like expressed it. This way this way this way but but but you know the the the you know with. You know the the the you know with you know the the the you know with without knowing you know as as a first. Without knowing you know as as a first without knowing you know as as a first draft we probably want. Draft we probably want draft we probably want privilege we probably want to like you. Privilege we probably want to like you privilege we probably want to like you know. Know know use that exact same structure and not use that exact same structure and not. Use that exact same structure and not introduce something new like where introduce something new like where. Introduce something new like where things tend to go wrong is if there's things tend to go wrong is if there's. Things tend to go wrong is if there's like two different like two different like two different. You know ways of you know ways of you know ways of talking about two different privileged. Talking about two different privileged talking about two different privileged systems that are kind of operating on. Systems that are kind of operating on systems that are kind of operating on the same objects then you get like weird. The same objects then you get like weird the same objects then you get like weird. Loopholes where people can loopholes where people can loopholes where people can you know there's like a gap between the. You know there's like a gap between the you know there's like a gap between the two that can that can maybe be exploited. Two that can that can maybe be exploited two that can that can maybe be exploited. So so so but the signing weight is it's a really but the signing weight is it's a really. But the signing weight is it's a really really weak privilege system that's what really weak privilege system that's what. Really weak privilege system that's what I was talking about at the beginning of I was talking about at the beginning of. I was talking about at the beginning of this where it's like this where it's like. This where it's like I'm I'm authorizing a contract to do I'm I'm authorizing a contract to do. I'm I'm authorizing a contract to do stuff to my account at medium signing stuff to my account at medium signing. Stuff to my account at medium signing rate rate rate what am I authorizing it to do though. What am I authorizing it to do though what am I authorizing it to do though like like. Like unless i've audited the code the unless i've audited the code the unless i've audited the code the. Contract might do anything it's way more contract might do anything it's way more. Contract might do anything it's way more complicated than complicated than complicated than. Looking at a set of opera listeners looking at a set of opera listeners looking at a set of opera listeners. Contract is code so this can only do contract is code so this can only do contract is code so this can only do. What the code can do right so sure sure what the code can do right so sure sure what the code can do right so sure sure. But I mean like what it might do could but I mean like what it might do could but I mean like what it might do could. Be complicated be complicated be complicated it might actually even be very difficult. It might actually even be very difficult it might actually even be very difficult. For me to predict at the time that I for me to predict at the time that I for me to predict at the time that i. Signed the transaction like imagine a signed the transaction like imagine a signed the transaction like imagine a. Contract where it has two functions contract where it has two functions contract where it has two functions. One function is one function is one function is hey set a number and the other function. Hey set a number and the other function hey set a number and the other function is hey whatever number was set most. Is hey whatever number was set most is hey whatever number was set most recently recently. Recently extract that amount from my account and extract that amount from my account and. Extract that amount from my account and send it to the contract send it to the contract. Send it to the contract I there's no way I can know what the I there's no way I can know what the. I there's no way I can know what the contract is going to do when I sign for contract is going to do when I sign for. Contract is going to do when I sign for it but at the time you add that contract it but at the time you add that contract. It but at the time you add that contract at the time you give that contract at the time you give that contract. At the time you give that contract signing weight on your account there's signing weight on your account there's. Signing weight on your account there's presumably presumably presumably some some. Some some reason for that right some reason for that right some reason for that right. I mean you decided you wanted to this I mean you decided you wanted to this I mean you decided you wanted to this. Contract have access to your account sure yeah but like I don't necessarily sure yeah but like I don't necessarily. Want to give it unfettered control over want to give it unfettered control over want to give it unfettered control over. My account right my account right my account right or even very strong the contract is code. Or even very strong the contract is code or even very strong the contract is code. Right so the contract does what the right so the contract does what the right so the contract does what the. Contract does and you decide whether or contract does and you decide whether or contract does and you decide whether or. Not you want that to have access to your not you want that to have access to your. Not you want that to have access to your account right if if if the only thing . Account right if if if the only thing account right if if if the only thing . If the only thing a contract does if the only thing a contract does if the only thing a contract does. Is is is you know manipulate the the you know manipulate the the you know manipulate the the . Authorized flag on trust lines then authorized flag on trust lines then authorized flag on trust lines then. You look at the code you say great like you look at the code you say great like you look at the code you say great like. I don't have to worry about this I don't have to worry about this I don't have to worry about this. Draining all my lumens by draining all my lumens by draining all my lumens by signing like huge account fees what if. Signing like huge account fees what if signing like huge account fees what if the account is what if the contract is. The account is what if the contract is the account is what if the contract is mutable. well okay so that's something that well okay so that's something that needs to be driven by the requirements. Needs to be driven by the requirements needs to be driven by the requirements document do we need mutable contracts. Document do we need mutable contracts document do we need mutable contracts right general consensus in this room. Right general consensus in this room right general consensus in this room is yes what. Is yes what is yes what that question there's general consensus that question there's general consensus. That question there's general consensus on in this room and the answer is yes on in this room and the answer is yes. On in this room and the answer is yes okay well I need to be convinced like okay well I need to be convinced like. Okay well I need to be convinced like I'm not saying that you can't but don't I'm not saying that you can't but don't. I'm not saying that you can't but don't show me the requirements that tell us we show me the requirements that tell us we. Show me the requirements that tell us we want that what we want cannot be want that what we want cannot be. Want that what we want cannot be achieved through like achieved through like achieved through like. Multiple releases of a contract it's multiple releases of a contract it's multiple releases of a contract it's. Just like having eval in an actual just like having eval in an actual just like having eval in an actual. Contract right but if you have multiple contract right but if you have multiple contract right but if you have multiple. Releases and a point of indirection releases and a point of indirection releases and a point of indirection. Which is the pattern people have when which is the pattern people have when which is the pattern people have when. They only have immutable contracts if they only have immutable contracts if they only have immutable contracts if. They have a point of direction like a they have a point of direction like a they have a point of direction like a. Proxy or something and then releases you proxy or something and then releases you. Proxy or something and then releases you still have the possibility of the still have the possibility of the. Still have the possibility of the requirement in fact of people delegating requirement in fact of people delegating. Requirement in fact of people delegating authority to authority to authority to the indirection point. The indirection point the indirection point with permission and saying I give with permission and saying I give. With permission and saying I give permission to this indirection point permission to this indirection point. Permission to this indirection point whatever it happens to be pointing to whatever it happens to be pointing to. Whatever it happens to be pointing to right now to do something and so you're right now to do something and so you're. Right now to do something and so you're right back with beautiful contracts right back with beautiful contracts. Right back with beautiful contracts people will work their way around which people will work their way around which. People will work their way around which is something that is behaviorally is something that is behaviorally. Is something that is behaviorally equivalent to a mutable contract that equivalent to a mutable contract that. Equivalent to a mutable contract that has whatever permission you've given has whatever permission you've given. Has whatever permission you've given them them them they'll they'll either investigate. They'll they'll either investigate they'll they'll either investigate another question on top of mutable. Another question on top of mutable another question on top of mutable contracts or via whatever indirection. Contracts or via whatever indirection contracts or via whatever indirection system you build. System you build system you build but I just want to say we are pretty but I just want to say we are pretty. But I just want to say we are pretty much out of time so if this if this much out of time so if this if this. Much out of time so if this if this feels like a great last question i'd say feels like a great last question i'd say. Feels like a great last question i'd say ask it ask it ask it if not maybe we hold off. If not maybe we hold off if not maybe we hold off well I was just saying like you can have. Well I was just saying like you can have well I was just saying like you can have. Your contract not have direct access to your contract not have direct access to your contract not have direct access to. The account but just have access to the account but just have access to the account but just have access to. Another contract that only does certain another contract that only does certain another contract that only does certain. Things like not the things you don't things like not the things you don't things like not the things you don't. Want to do but anyway want to do but anyway want to do but anyway so it seems like a requirement we just. So it seems like a requirement we just so it seems like a requirement we just keep coming back to this requirement. Keep coming back to this requirement keep coming back to this requirement stock that you're requesting would be. Stock that you're requesting would be stock that you're requesting would be the thing that would help guy guide us. The thing that would help guy guide us the thing that would help guy guide us figure out the answers to these. Figure out the answers to these figure out the answers to these questions okay cool. Questions okay cool questions okay cool i'd also like to propose perhaps i'd also like to propose perhaps. I'd also like to propose perhaps moving this meeting to the dev discord moving this meeting to the dev discord. Moving this meeting to the dev discord and having it weekly instead of every and having it weekly instead of every. And having it weekly instead of every other week because there's there are other week because there's there are. Other week because there's there are going to be a lot of questions that we going to be a lot of questions that we. Going to be a lot of questions that we need to answer and do it quick with john need to answer and do it quick with john. Need to answer and do it quick with john cannon cool I mean I think that we should ask. Cool I mean I think that we should ask that offline and just verify that that that offline and just verify that that. That offline and just verify that that works for everybody and look at works for everybody and look at. Works for everybody and look at calendars calendars calendars and I can do that after this meeting. Awesome awesome thanks everybody thanks everybody thanks everybody see you next time.
