Okay I think we're live what's up okay I think we're live what's up everybody welcome to this week's edition. Everybody welcome to this week's edition everybody welcome to this week's edition. Of Stellar engineering talks my name is of Stellar engineering talks my name is of Stellar engineering talks my name is. Colton I'm the community manager here at Colton I'm the community manager here at. Colton I'm the community manager here at the cellar development foundation and I the cellar development foundation and I. The cellar development foundation and I am NOT an engineer but I will pretend to am NOT an engineer but I will pretend to. Am NOT an engineer but I will pretend to be one for the next 30 minutes or so for. Be one for the next 30 minutes or so for be one for the next 30 minutes or so for. The sake of conversation this week I'll the sake of conversation this week I'll the sake of conversation this week I'll. Be talking about creating usable Stellar be talking about creating usable Stellar. Be talking about creating usable Stellar applications and I also wanted to give a. Applications and I also wanted to give a applications and I also wanted to give a. Reminder that this is a series that reminder that this is a series that reminder that this is a series that. We're planning to do on a bi-weekly we're planning to do on a bi-weekly we're planning to do on a bi-weekly. Basis so every other week we'll have an basis so every other week we'll have an basis so every other week we'll have an. Engineer from SCF come on and talk about engineer from SCF come on and talk about. Engineer from SCF come on and talk about whatever they're working on sort of whatever they're working on sort of. Whatever they're working on sort of internally at the foundation so before internally at the foundation so before. Internally at the foundation so before we get started I want to give a little we get started I want to give a little. We get started I want to give a little background on this talk and why we background on this talk and why we. Background on this talk and why we thought it might be a good idea to host thought it might be a good idea to host. Thought it might be a good idea to host it it it so lately within the ecosystem team. So lately within the ecosystem team so lately within the ecosystem team we've been thinking a lot about how we. We've been thinking a lot about how we we've been thinking a lot about how we want to onboard developers into the. Want to onboard developers into the want to onboard developers into the ecosystem whether that's you know. Ecosystem whether that's you know ecosystem whether that's you know developers who aren't native to the. Developers who aren't native to the developers who aren't native to the blockchain space we're developers who. Blockchain space we're developers who blockchain space we're developers who are just thinking about creating. Are just thinking about creating are just thinking about creating financial applications or whatever and a. Financial applications or whatever and a financial applications or whatever and a. Lot of them whenever they first start lot of them whenever they first start lot of them whenever they first start. Working with Stellar they don't working with Stellar they don't working with Stellar they don't. Completely understand some of the completely understand some of the completely understand some of the. Usability implications or they don't usability implications or they don't usability implications or they don't. Understand some of the technical aspects understand some of the technical aspects. Understand some of the technical aspects so creating a resource like this as a so creating a resource like this as a. So creating a resource like this as a sort of way for them to have something sort of way for them to have something. Sort of way for them to have something to reference and look back on to to reference and look back on to. To reference and look back on to understand what they should be understand what they should be. Understand what they should be considering with building cellar considering with building cellar. Considering with building cellar applications is sort of the basis for applications is sort of the basis for. Applications is sort of the basis for this talk so let's see if I can change this talk so let's see if I can change. This talk so let's see if I can change slides here yes so basically also before slides here yes so basically also before. Slides here yes so basically also before we get started I wanted to spend some we get started I wanted to spend some. We get started I wanted to spend some time defining usable I understand that time defining usable I understand that. Time defining usable I understand that usable means many different things to usable means many different things to. Usable means many different things to many different people right we have all many different people right we have all. Many different people right we have all these different applications within the these different applications within the. These different applications within the Stellar ecosystem they all serve Stellar ecosystem they all serve. Stellar ecosystem they all serve different user bases they all have different user bases they all have. Different user bases they all have different use cases and so usability different use cases and so usability. Different use cases and so usability kind of means a couple of different kind of means a couple of different. Kind of means a couple of different things across different services so things across different services so. Things across different services so rather than think of this as like a set rather than think of this as like a set. Rather than think of this as like a set in stone definition for what usability in stone definition for what usability. In stone definition for what usability means I'm more of just trying to create means I'm more of just trying to create. Means I'm more of just trying to create a baseline for understanding what sort a baseline for understanding what sort. A baseline for understanding what sort of makes applications usable or how to of makes applications usable or how to. Of makes applications usable or how to give your application a better chance of give your application a better chance of. Give your application a better chance of being usable within this Stellar being usable within this Stellar. Being usable within this Stellar ecosystem so we also need to understand ecosystem so we also need to understand. Ecosystem so we also need to understand why Stellar can be hard to use why Stellar can be hard to use. Why Stellar can be hard to use especially for people who aren't super especially for people who aren't super. Especially for people who aren't super into the space right up there into the space right up there. Into the space right up there encountering your applique encountering your applique. Encountering your applique for the first time what are the some of for the first time what are the some of. For the first time what are the some of the things that they can have trouble the things that they can have trouble. The things that they can have trouble with and some of these things include with and some of these things include. With and some of these things include going from the real world to the going from the real world to the. Going from the real world to the blockchain right we all remember that blockchain right we all remember that. Blockchain right we all remember that first time like how do I get my hands on first time like how do I get my hands on. First time like how do I get my hands on this coin or how do I use a stable coin this coin or how do I use a stable coin. This coin or how do I use a stable coin also things like public and private keys also things like public and private keys. Also things like public and private keys are extremely difficult they're not are extremely difficult they're not. Are extremely difficult they're not really something you're used to in your really something you're used to in your. Really something you're used to in your daily life and there's constant there's daily life and there's constant there's. Daily life and there's constant there's this concept of decentralization right this concept of decentralization right. This concept of decentralization right what does that even mean where is your what does that even mean where is your. What does that even mean where is your app on the spectrum etc there's things app on the spectrum etc there's things. App on the spectrum etc there's things like security so for the first time a like security so for the first time a. Like security so for the first time a lot of users are responsible for their lot of users are responsible for their. Lot of users are responsible for their own security own security own security maintaining their own private keys. Maintaining their own private keys maintaining their own private keys making sure they send their funds to the. Making sure they send their funds to the making sure they send their funds to the. Right place etc and then you have things right place etc and then you have things. Right place etc and then you have things that are Stellar specific like the that are Stellar specific like the. That are Stellar specific like the seller decentralized exchange anchors seller decentralized exchange anchors. Seller decentralized exchange anchors trust lines lumens and so you can take trust lines lumens and so you can take. Trust lines lumens and so you can take all this stuff and bundle it up and just all this stuff and bundle it up and just. All this stuff and bundle it up and just call it hard stuff right so how do we call it hard stuff right so how do we. Call it hard stuff right so how do we create applications that abstract away create applications that abstract away. Create applications that abstract away all this hard stuff and make use cases all this hard stuff and make use cases. All this hard stuff and make use cases I'm easy to understand and easy to use I'm easy to understand and easy to use. I'm easy to understand and easy to use for you know the average person who's for you know the average person who's. For you know the average person who's not into the black gene space not into the black gene space. Not into the black gene space so I mentioned all these hard things so I mentioned all these hard things. So I mentioned all these hard things what can we do about it what can we do about it. What can we do about it the first thing is create and use the first thing is create and use. The first thing is create and use standards so within the Stellar standards so within the Stellar. Standards so within the Stellar ecosystem we have what are called ecosystem we have what are called. Ecosystem we have what are called Stellar ecosystem proposals or steps and Stellar ecosystem proposals or steps and. Stellar ecosystem proposals or steps and essentially these steps provide a set of. Essentially these steps provide a set of essentially these steps provide a set of. Standards for developers to implement standards for developers to implement standards for developers to implement. When building Stellar applications and when building Stellar applications and when building Stellar applications and. These are things that evolve over time these are things that evolve over time these are things that evolve over time. With the needs of the ecosystem these with the needs of the ecosystem these with the needs of the ecosystem these. Are things that evolve it's new use are things that evolve it's new use are things that evolve it's new use. Cases pop up and these are things that cases pop up and these are things that cases pop up and these are things that. Also evolve as technology improves so also evolve as technology improves so also evolve as technology improves so. Steps are not this thing that's like set steps are not this thing that's like set. Steps are not this thing that's like set in stone on the protocol level disease in stone on the protocol level disease. In stone on the protocol level disease they're these things that are constantly they're these things that are constantly. They're these things that are constantly improving for developers to use and the improving for developers to use and the. Improving for developers to use and the way I like to think about steps are just way I like to think about steps are just. Way I like to think about steps are just this category of sort of protocols that this category of sort of protocols that. This category of sort of protocols that exist on top of the network so exist on top of the network so. Exist on top of the network so oftentimes and we're describing Stellar oftentimes and we're describing Stellar. Oftentimes and we're describing Stellar and some of its functionality a lot of and some of its functionality a lot of. And some of its functionality a lot of people confuse that for functionality of people confuse that for functionality of. People confuse that for functionality of the network but really it's just a the network but really it's just a. The network but really it's just a standard that we choose to follow to standard that we choose to follow to. Standard that we choose to follow to make that functionality possible so make that functionality possible so. Make that functionality possible so think about steps is this thing that think about steps is this thing that. Think about steps is this thing that exists on top of the network in between exists on top of the network in between. Exists on top of the network in between applications and Stellar itself so it is applications and Stellar itself so it is. Applications and Stellar itself so it is possible for applications to just possible for applications to just. Possible for applications to just directly interact with the network directly interact with the network. Directly interact with the network without you know implementing any of the without you know implementing any of the. Without you know implementing any of the steps but the problem lies and that you steps but the problem lies and that you. Steps but the problem lies and that you might be able to use the network might be able to use the network. Might be able to use the network but you might not be able to but you might not be able to. But you might not be able to interoperate with other applications in interoperate with other applications in. Interoperate with other applications in the space right like you might not be the space right like you might not be. The space right like you might not be able to send a federated addresses you able to send a federated addresses you. Able to send a federated addresses you might not be able to work with anchors might not be able to work with anchors. Might not be able to work with anchors etc so it's really important that if etc so it's really important that if. Etc so it's really important that if you're building an application in the you're building an application in the. You're building an application in the space that you you know mind the mind space that you you know mind the mind. Space that you you know mind the mind the standards try to follow the the standards try to follow the. The standards try to follow the standards pay attention to the standards standards pay attention to the standards. Standards pay attention to the standards and try to implement them whenever and try to implement them whenever. And try to implement them whenever you're thinking about ways to build your you're thinking about ways to build your. You're thinking about ways to build your application and serve users in the best application and serve users in the best. Application and serve users in the best way possible oh I went too far so some way possible oh I went too far so some. Way possible oh I went too far so some examples of what you can sort of do with examples of what you can sort of do with. Examples of what you can sort of do with SEPs or what problem steps can solve are. SEPs or what problem steps can solve are SEPs or what problem steps can solve are. Things like set to the Federation things like set to the Federation things like set to the Federation. Protocol so you have a standard where protocol so you have a standard where protocol so you have a standard where. Basically we can map human readable basically we can map human readable basically we can map human readable. Addresses to Stellar addresses I know a addresses to Stellar addresses I know a addresses to Stellar addresses I know a. Lot of you probably remember the first lot of you probably remember the first lot of you probably remember the first. Time you sent any significant sum of time you sent any significant sum of time you sent any significant sum of. Money from you know whether it's your money from you know whether it's your money from you know whether it's your. Exchange account or your wallet and exchange account or your wallet and exchange account or your wallet and. You're typing in a public key manually you're typing in a public key manually you're typing in a public key manually. And you are super scared that you might and you are super scared that you might and you are super scared that you might. Have forgot you know your fur you might have forgot you know your fur you might have forgot you know your fur you might. Have forgot one character or one letter have forgot one character or one letter have forgot one character or one letter. Or whatever and if you mess up you lose or whatever and if you mess up you lose or whatever and if you mess up you lose. All your money so what better a all your money so what better a all your money so what better a. Federated addresses do is turn these federated addresses do is turn these federated addresses do is turn these. Public keys and to human readable public keys and to human readable public keys and to human readable. Addresses like on key base where you addresses like on key base where you addresses like on key base where you. Have colton star key base do or whatever have colton star key base do or whatever. Have colton star key base do or whatever this is super easy to send to a friend this is super easy to send to a friend. This is super easy to send to a friend super easy to read if you're a user and super easy to read if you're a user and. Super easy to read if you're a user and basically it just takes the stress away basically it just takes the stress away. Basically it just takes the stress away from you know dealing with public keys from you know dealing with public keys. From you know dealing with public keys so whenever you're building applications so whenever you're building applications. So whenever you're building applications thinking about okay how can I make the thinking about okay how can I make the. Thinking about okay how can I make the stress of public and private keys easier stress of public and private keys easier. Stress of public and private keys easier to handle for my users and federated to handle for my users and federated. To handle for my users and federated there are the Federation protocol it's there are the Federation protocol it's. There are the Federation protocol it's one way to do that another way is do one way to do that another way is do. One way to do that another way is do something called set 5 which is a way of something called set 5 which is a way of. Something called set 5 which is a way of just defining how we should derive key just defining how we should derive key. Just defining how we should derive key pairs and so one of the things that key pairs and so one of the things that key. Pairs and so one of the things that key 5 are set 5 lays out is this way to 5 are set 5 lays out is this way to. 5 are set 5 lays out is this way to represent secret seas or private Keys as represent secret seas or private Keys as. Represent secret seas or private Keys as mnemonic phrases so mnemonic phrases are. Mnemonic phrases so mnemonic phrases are mnemonic phrases so mnemonic phrases are. Basically like just a list of 24 12 to basically like just a list of 24 12 to basically like just a list of 24 12 to. 24 words I believe that basically 24 words I believe that basically 24 words I believe that basically. Represent a private key so if you're represent a private key so if you're represent a private key so if you're. Moving from one application to another moving from one application to another moving from one application to another. You don't have to copy and paste or you don't have to copy and paste or you don't have to copy and paste or. Write down this super long and secret write down this super long and secret write down this super long and secret. Key that you might mess up but rather key that you might mess up but rather key that you might mess up but rather. You can just write down human readable you can just write down human readable you can just write down human readable. Words and the kind of words and the kind of words and the kind of go behind this is just I have something. Go behind this is just I have something go behind this is just I have something that users can resonate with right like. That users can resonate with right like that users can resonate with right like it's hard to write down the super long. It's hard to write down the super long it's hard to write down the super long string of characters hope you don't. String of characters hope you don't string of characters hope you don't forget a number and then you're screwed. Forget a number and then you're screwed forget a number and then you're screwed forever so you want to come up with a. Forever so you want to come up with a forever so you want to come up with a way to make words easy to write down and. Way to make words easy to write down and way to make words easy to write down and. Easy to digest so that if I mess up like easy to digest so that if I mess up like. Easy to digest so that if I mess up like let's say I misspelled deposit and I'm let's say I misspelled deposit and I'm. Let's say I misspelled deposit and I'm trying to move my secret key to some trying to move my secret key to some. Trying to move my secret key to some application to another application I can application to another application I can. Application to another application I can figure out that a misspelled deposit but. Figure out that a misspelled deposit but figure out that a misspelled deposit but. I can't figure out that I forgot a I can't figure out that I forgot a I can't figure out that I forgot a. Character in my secret key that's much character in my secret key that's much character in my secret key that's much. Harder so the other thing to mention is harder so the other thing to mention is harder so the other thing to mention is. Like this is something that's constantly like this is something that's constantly. Like this is something that's constantly evolving right and this is like the evolving right and this is like the. Evolving right and this is like the benefit of doing things through SEPs benefit of doing things through SEPs. Benefit of doing things through SEPs rather than trying to change them at the rather than trying to change them at the. Rather than trying to change them at the the core protocol level so there's also the core protocol level so there's also. The core protocol level so there's also a step in the works called SEP 30 which a step in the works called SEP 30 which. A step in the works called SEP 30 which is basically multi-party key management is basically multi-party key management. Is basically multi-party key management of Stellar accounts so this is a of Stellar accounts so this is a. Of Stellar accounts so this is a protocol that basically defines a way protocol that basically defines a way. Protocol that basically defines a way for an individual to regain access of a for an individual to regain access of a. For an individual to regain access of a Stellar account if they lose their Stellar account if they lose their. Stellar account if they lose their private key so in the event that you private key so in the event that you. Private key so in the event that you lose your private key which is a huge lose your private key which is a huge. Lose your private key which is a huge usability problem not only in the seller usability problem not only in the seller. Usability problem not only in the seller ecosystem but in the blockchain ecosystem but in the blockchain. Ecosystem but in the blockchain ecosystem as a whole you can find a way ecosystem as a whole you can find a way. Ecosystem as a whole you can find a way to recover that key without giving to recover that key without giving. To recover that key without giving control of the key to a third party control of the key to a third party. Control of the key to a third party right because if controlled if a third right because if controlled if a third. Right because if controlled if a third party has controlled the key then that party has controlled the key then that. Party has controlled the key then that means they can steal your money if they means they can steal your money if they. Means they can steal your money if they wanted to hopefully they don't but it's wanted to hopefully they don't but it's. Wanted to hopefully they don't but it's possible so coming up with different possible so coming up with different. Possible so coming up with different ways to make you know private keys and ways to make you know private keys and. Ways to make you know private keys and public keys easier to manage for users public keys easier to manage for users. Public keys easier to manage for users is an extremely important thing to think is an extremely important thing to think. Is an extremely important thing to think about when you're building your cellar about when you're building your cellar. About when you're building your cellar applications then next we have standards applications then next we have standards. Applications then next we have standards for anchors and clients to interoperate for anchors and clients to interoperate. For anchors and clients to interoperate with each other right this problem of with each other right this problem of. With each other right this problem of going from the real world to Stellar or going from the real world to Stellar or. Going from the real world to Stellar or to any other blockchain for that matter to any other blockchain for that matter. To any other blockchain for that matter right now the current flow is like you right now the current flow is like you. Right now the current flow is like you go to a coin base or you go to buy Nance go to a coin base or you go to buy Nance. Go to a coin base or you go to buy Nance or whatever you create an account you or whatever you create an account you. Or whatever you create an account you have to buy some coin and then you send have to buy some coin and then you send. Have to buy some coin and then you send that coin over to your wallet and then that coin over to your wallet and then. That coin over to your wallet and then you can maybe transfer it to a different you can maybe transfer it to a different. You can maybe transfer it to a different coin and then send it to your friends coin and then send it to your friends. Coin and then send it to your friends and then you have to go back to coin and then you have to go back to coin. And then you have to go back to coin base and then try to get it out so base and then try to get it out so. Base and then try to get it out so there's this like super convoluted there's this like super convoluted. There's this like super convoluted process of going across different process of going across different. Process of going across different applications just to achieve a goal and applications just to achieve a goal and. Applications just to achieve a goal and so we've created standards here in the so we've created standards here in the. So we've created standards here in the Stellar ecosystem that try to solve that Stellar ecosystem that try to solve that. Stellar ecosystem that try to solve that problem such as I accept six at point problem such as I accept six at point. Problem such as I accept six at point four four four SEP 26 and so basically this allows you. SEP 26 and so basically this allows you SEP 26 and so basically this allows you to go from the real world to your. To go from the real world to your to go from the real world to your Stellar wallet without ever needing to. Stellar wallet without ever needing to Stellar wallet without ever needing to actually leave your Stellar wallet an. Actually leave your Stellar wallet an actually leave your Stellar wallet an example of this is in practice you can. Example of this is in practice you can example of this is in practice you can see I think all mobsters soul our. See I think all mobsters soul our see I think all mobsters soul our wallets teller X etc all of you support. Wallets teller X etc all of you support wallets teller X etc all of you support it but an example on lobster here is. It but an example on lobster here is it but an example on lobster here is that I want to deposit USD for Maker USD. That I want to deposit USD for Maker USD that I want to deposit USD for Maker USD. Into my account I just click deposit I into my account I just click deposit I into my account I just click deposit I. Fill out some information I click fill out some information I click fill out some information I click. Continue and boom anchor USDA interface continue and boom anchor USDA interface continue and boom anchor USDA interface. Loads up within my within my wallet I loads up within my within my wallet I loads up within my within my wallet I. Never have to leave and so the benefit never have to leave and so the benefit never have to leave and so the benefit. Of this is that you can all of a sudden of this is that you can all of a sudden of this is that you can all of a sudden. Interop interoperate with many sort of Interop interoperate with many sort of Interop interoperate with many sort of. Anchor services or on off ramp services anchor services or on off ramp services anchor services or on off ramp services. Inside of your application without ever inside of your application without ever inside of your application without ever. Needing to force your users to leave and needing to force your users to leave and. Needing to force your users to leave and so basically we can we can make all of so basically we can we can make all of. So basically we can we can make all of our services on Stellar interoperate our services on Stellar interoperate. Our services on Stellar interoperate with multiple services rather than like with multiple services rather than like. With multiple services rather than like having to form a partnership with just having to form a partnership with just. Having to form a partnership with just coinbase or form a partnership with just coinbase or form a partnership with just. Coinbase or form a partnership with just wire right you can choose a whole bunch wire right you can choose a whole bunch. Wire right you can choose a whole bunch of acres that you want to work with of acres that you want to work with. Of acres that you want to work with within your payment service outside of within your payment service outside of. Within your payment service outside of standards we can also sort of simplify standards we can also sort of simplify. Standards we can also sort of simplify the experience we can make stuff that's the experience we can make stuff that's. The experience we can make stuff that's that's easy to use some of you who might that's easy to use some of you who might. That's easy to use some of you who might have been in the space for a long time have been in the space for a long time. Have been in the space for a long time might know back in the day maybe the might know back in the day maybe the. Might know back in the day maybe the only way to sort of send or receive only way to sort of send or receive. Only way to sort of send or receive stuff like Bitcoin is through the stuff like Bitcoin is through the. Stuff like Bitcoin is through the command line and of course like no I command line and of course like no I. Command line and of course like no I don't think payment applications are don't think payment applications are. Don't think payment applications are going viral through the command line any going viral through the command line any. Going viral through the command line any time soon so we have to make these time soon so we have to make these. Time soon so we have to make these things easy to use right and so first things easy to use right and so first. Things easy to use right and so first steps to do stuff like that or what steps to do stuff like that or what. Steps to do stuff like that or what tools like Stellar laboratory right you tools like Stellar laboratory right you. Tools like Stellar laboratory right you create a wrapper around the entirety of create a wrapper around the entirety of. Create a wrapper around the entirety of the functionality of the network and the functionality of the network and. The functionality of the network and well to Stellar laboratory is a super well to Stellar laboratory is a super. Well to Stellar laboratory is a super useful tool it's a super powerful tool useful tool it's a super powerful tool. Useful tool it's a super powerful tool it's not something that you would it's not something that you would. It's not something that you would consider like for mainstream views right consider like for mainstream views right. Consider like for mainstream views right it's not something that you want to give. It's not something that you want to give it's not something that you want to give. To users and be like all right cool now to users and be like all right cool now to users and be like all right cool now. You can send payments or make trades or you can send payments or make trades or you can send payments or make trades or. Whatever so while this is a step in whatever so while this is a step in whatever so while this is a step in. Simplifying the interface it's not quite simplifying the interface it's not quite. Simplifying the interface it's not quite there yet right so we have to go a step there yet right so we have to go a step. There yet right so we have to go a step further and that's where things like further and that's where things like. Further and that's where things like crypto while it's come in so they take crypto while it's come in so they take. Crypto while it's come in so they take the the complexity of the network and the the complexity of the network and. The the complexity of the network and they put it in a to easier to understand they put it in a to easier to understand. They put it in a to easier to understand wrapper then wrapper then wrapper then say like something like several. Say like something like several say like something like several laboratory but even still crypto Wallace. Laboratory but even still crypto Wallace laboratory but even still crypto Wallace. Can be pretty daunting right the use can be pretty daunting right the use can be pretty daunting right the use. Case is not immediately obvious for case is not immediately obvious for case is not immediately obvious for. Those who don't appreciate the those who don't appreciate the those who don't appreciate the. Complexity of the network or completely complexity of the network or completely complexity of the network or completely. Understand what they're trying to get understand what they're trying to get understand what they're trying to get. Out of it out of it out of it so by presenting all of this information so by presenting all of this information. So by presenting all of this information users it can help a little bit but it users it can help a little bit but it. Users it can help a little bit but it might still be complicated for some and might still be complicated for some and. Might still be complicated for some and so what can we do about that right like so what can we do about that right like. So what can we do about that right like it seems like we're out of solutions it seems like we're out of solutions. It seems like we're out of solutions here but we're not we can actually here but we're not we can actually. Here but we're not we can actually continue to simplify until we simplify continue to simplify until we simplify. Continue to simplify until we simplify it use cases so if you think about where it use cases so if you think about where. It use cases so if you think about where we started we simplified the interface we started we simplified the interface. We started we simplified the interface for interacting with the network and for interacting with the network and. For interacting with the network and then we simplified use cases for then we simplified use cases for. Then we simplified use cases for interacting with the network and an interacting with the network and an. Interacting with the network and an example of this is something like example of this is something like. Example of this is something like Satoshi Bay right the only aspect of Satoshi Bay right the only aspect of. Satoshi Bay right the only aspect of seller you're really exposed to when seller you're really exposed to when. Seller you're really exposed to when using Satoshi pays micro payment service using Satoshi pays micro payment service. Using Satoshi pays micro payment service is sending transactions on the network is sending transactions on the network. Is sending transactions on the network and then receiving transactions on the and then receiving transactions on the. And then receiving transactions on the network network network they don't expose you to a bunch of. They don't expose you to a bunch of they don't expose you to a bunch of different interfaces they don't expose. Different interfaces they don't expose different interfaces they don't expose you to a bunch of different. You to a bunch of different you to a bunch of different functionality it's literally as simple. Functionality it's literally as simple functionality it's literally as simple as deposits and lumens haze pay for some. As deposits and lumens haze pay for some as deposits and lumens haze pay for some. Content nothing crazy content nothing crazy content nothing crazy additionally we see this explored. Additionally we see this explored additionally we see this explored through things like D stock where. Through things like D stock where through things like D stock where instead of focusing on the payments. Instead of focusing on the payments instead of focusing on the payments aspect of Stellar they focus on the. Aspect of Stellar they focus on the aspect of Stellar they focus on the decentralized exchange aspect of Stellar. Decentralized exchange aspect of Stellar decentralized exchange aspect of Stellar. So now you can decide ok I need to buy so now you can decide ok I need to buy so now you can decide ok I need to buy. And sell stocks I just need to know the and sell stocks I just need to know the and sell stocks I just need to know the. Price and I just need to say how much I price and I just need to say how much I price and I just need to say how much I. Want to buy and sell and boom I can do want to buy and sell and boom I can do want to buy and sell and boom I can do. It right there in the interface so I it right there in the interface so I it right there in the interface so I. Take away all of the complexity of take away all of the complexity of take away all of the complexity of. Deciding what I want to do by just deciding what I want to do by just deciding what I want to do by just. Presenting one single use case within presenting one single use case within presenting one single use case within. The app and another example of this is the app and another example of this is the app and another example of this is. Vega Vega Vega so Vagos the dollar savings app that so Vagos the dollar savings app that. So Vagos the dollar savings app that we're working on internally here at SEF we're working on internally here at SEF. We're working on internally here at SEF and essentially it just lets you send and essentially it just lets you send. And essentially it just lets you send and receive different local currencies and receive different local currencies. And receive different local currencies as well as exchange in and out of those as well as exchange in and out of those. As well as exchange in and out of those local currencies but you're not exposed local currencies but you're not exposed. Local currencies but you're not exposed to a bunch of order bucks you're not to a bunch of order bucks you're not. To a bunch of order bucks you're not exposed to a ton of trust science you're exposed to a ton of trust science you're. Exposed to a ton of trust science you're not exposed to a ton of public and not exposed to a ton of public and. Not exposed to a ton of public and private keys a lot of the stuff is private keys a lot of the stuff is. Private keys a lot of the stuff is abstracted away so that your overall abstracted away so that your overall. Abstracted away so that your overall experience using the application is experience using the application is. Experience using the application is super easy to understand and so again we super easy to understand and so again we. Super easy to understand and so again we want to expose users to as little as want to expose users to as little as. Want to expose users to as little as possible about the network hone in on possible about the network hone in on. Possible about the network hone in on one thing that you want your application one thing that you want your application. One thing that you want your application to do really really well and just focus to do really really well and just focus. To do really really well and just focus on that it's not really necessary to on that it's not really necessary to. On that it's not really necessary to support all of the functionality on support all of the functionality on. Support all of the functionality on Stellar because it can be a lot to Stellar because it can be a lot to. Stellar because it can be a lot to handle its handle its handle its a lot to handle as a developer it's also. A lot to handle as a developer it's also a lot to handle as a developer it's also. A lot to handle as a user and then the a lot to handle as a user and then the a lot to handle as a user and then the. Next thing we can do is educate users so next thing we can do is educate users so. Next thing we can do is educate users so you want to let users know what they're you want to let users know what they're. You want to let users know what they're getting up front one of the things that getting up front one of the things that. Getting up front one of the things that I find a lot of services guilty of I find a lot of services guilty of. I find a lot of services guilty of especially in this space is that people especially in this space is that people. Especially in this space is that people will understand the value proposition will understand the value proposition. Will understand the value proposition right away that's oftentimes not the right away that's oftentimes not the. Right away that's oftentimes not the case and so you want to make sure that case and so you want to make sure that. Case and so you want to make sure that you can present that value proposition you can present that value proposition. You can present that value proposition to them some examples of this in the to them some examples of this in the. To them some examples of this in the real world are say like key bases real world are say like key bases. Real world are say like key bases homepage so key base is an extremely homepage so key base is an extremely. Homepage so key base is an extremely powerful chat application but it's it powerful chat application but it's it. Powerful chat application but it's it can be difficult to use if you don't can be difficult to use if you don't. Can be difficult to use if you don't know what those value propositions are know what those value propositions are. Know what those value propositions are and so you have their home page where it and so you have their home page where it. And so you have their home page where it kind of goes through all of the kind of goes through all of the. Kind of goes through all of the functionality that's available to you functionality that's available to you. Functionality that's available to you and why you might want to use that stuff and why you might want to use that stuff. And why you might want to use that stuff and then another example on the right is. And then another example on the right is and then another example on the right is. Something like robin hood and what's something like robin hood and what's something like robin hood and what's. Interesting about this example is like interesting about this example is like interesting about this example is like. If you're downloading robin hood you if you're downloading robin hood you if you're downloading robin hood you. Probably know what you're getting before probably know what you're getting before. Probably know what you're getting before you download it and so essentially I you download it and so essentially I. You download it and so essentially I know what I was gonna get before I know what I was gonna get before I. Know what I was gonna get before I create an account but they still take create an account but they still take. Create an account but they still take the time to educate me anyway so for the time to educate me anyway so for. The time to educate me anyway so for example they do these four slides where example they do these four slides where. Example they do these four slides where they talk about you know you can invest they talk about you know you can invest. They talk about you know you can invest in socks it's secured you have free in socks it's secured you have free. In socks it's secured you have free stock trading etc they let you know what stock trading etc they let you know what. Stock trading etc they let you know what you're getting before you even click you're getting before you even click. You're getting before you even click signup or before you even click login signup or before you even click login. Signup or before you even click login so recreating this flow within your so recreating this flow within your. So recreating this flow within your Stellar applications is just as Stellar applications is just as. Stellar applications is just as important right not everybody important right not everybody. Important right not everybody understands Stellar's value proposition understands Stellar's value proposition. Understands Stellar's value proposition not everybody understands the value not everybody understands the value. Not everybody understands the value proposition of interoperability and so proposition of interoperability and so. Proposition of interoperability and so making sure that they understand those making sure that they understand those. Making sure that they understand those up front always good to do an example of up front always good to do an example of. Up front always good to do an example of this in the Stellar ecosystem and I this in the Stellar ecosystem and I. This in the Stellar ecosystem and I think is one of the better examples is think is one of the better examples is. Think is one of the better examples is lobster so before you create a lobster lobster so before you create a lobster. Lobster so before you create a lobster wallet they actually present you with wallet they actually present you with. Wallet they actually present you with these four screens very similar to robin these four screens very similar to robin. These four screens very similar to robin hood where they tell you exactly what hood where they tell you exactly what. Hood where they tell you exactly what you're gonna get up front right trading you're gonna get up front right trading. You're gonna get up front right trading platform I can manage my assets sick platform I can manage my assets sick. Platform I can manage my assets sick that's exactly what I want to do so when that's exactly what I want to do so when. That's exactly what I want to do so when I create my account I know exactly the I create my account I know exactly the. I create my account I know exactly the functionality that I'm looking for and I functionality that I'm looking for and I. Functionality that I'm looking for and I know exactly how I'm going to use the know exactly how I'm going to use the. Know exactly how I'm going to use the app before I even get started and then app before I even get started and then. App before I even get started and then additionally they've spent some extra additionally they've spent some extra. Additionally they've spent some extra time to translate their app into other time to translate their app into other. Time to translate their app into other currency or other languages rather currency or other languages rather. Currency or other languages rather so if you're creating an application so if you're creating an application. So if you're creating an application that's global in nature which is that's global in nature which is. That's global in nature which is absolutely possible on Stellar you want absolutely possible on Stellar you want. Absolutely possible on Stellar you want to make sure that your service can to make sure that your service can. To make sure that your service can actually onboard those users right you actually onboard those users right you. Actually onboard those users right you want to make sure that it's translated want to make sure that it's translated. Want to make sure that it's translated for the target markets you're going for the target markets you're going. For the target markets you're going after you want to make sure that after you want to make sure that. After you want to make sure that everybody can interact with your app everybody can interact with your app. Everybody can interact with your app that you say should be able to interact that you say should be able to interact. That you say should be able to interact with your app unfortunately our with your app unfortunately our. With your app unfortunately our community is sort of global in nature community is sort of global in nature. Community is sort of global in nature and so it makes that process of finding and so it makes that process of finding. And so it makes that process of finding people to do these translations really people to do these translations really. People to do these translations really easy right you can pay a handful of easy right you can pay a handful of. Easy right you can pay a handful of community members to come knock out community members to come knock out. Community members to come knock out translations and next thing you know you translations and next thing you know you. Translations and next thing you know you can serve markets all around the world can serve markets all around the world. Can serve markets all around the world and easily onboard those users without and easily onboard those users without. And easily onboard those users without any confusion so to wrap this thing up any confusion so to wrap this thing up. Any confusion so to wrap this thing up and keep it kind of short and sweet the and keep it kind of short and sweet the. And keep it kind of short and sweet the three things we went over is sort of three things we went over is sort of. Three things we went over is sort of following standards following and following standards following and. Following standards following and creating standards this is really creating standards this is really. Creating standards this is really important it's really important that if important it's really important that if. Important it's really important that if you're a developer and you're creating a you're a developer and you're creating a. You're a developer and you're creating a use case and there's some standard that use case and there's some standard that. Use case and there's some standard that you think can be derived from it that you think can be derived from it that. You think can be derived from it that you participate in conversation and that you participate in conversation and that. You participate in conversation and that you do your best to try to come up with you do your best to try to come up with. You do your best to try to come up with standards for doing things and then it's standards for doing things and then it's. Standards for doing things and then it's also important that you do your best to also important that you do your best to. Also important that you do your best to follow these standards they're there for follow these standards they're there for. Follow these standards they're there for a reason they'll make your life easier a reason they'll make your life easier. A reason they'll make your life easier as not only a developer but it'll make as not only a developer but it'll make. As not only a developer but it'll make your life easier as somebody trying to your life easier as somebody trying to. Your life easier as somebody trying to launch a product that's interoperable launch a product that's interoperable. Launch a product that's interoperable with other products within the seller with other products within the seller. With other products within the seller ecosystem and you can find these in the ecosystem and you can find these in the. Ecosystem and you can find these in the Stellar github repo they're all there Stellar github repo they're all there. Stellar github repo they're all there there's about 30 ish of them or there's about 30 ish of them or. There's about 30 ish of them or something like that so if you're something like that so if you're. Something like that so if you're building an app on Stellar make sure building an app on Stellar make sure. Building an app on Stellar make sure you're going through those understanding you're going through those understanding. You're going through those understanding them understanding which ones makes them understanding which ones makes. Them understanding which ones makes sense for your use case and all that sense for your use case and all that. Sense for your use case and all that good stuff good stuff good stuff additionally we want to simplify the. Additionally we want to simplify the additionally we want to simplify the experience like I mentioned so simplify. Experience like I mentioned so simplify experience like I mentioned so simplify interfaces right remove the stuff that's. Interfaces right remove the stuff that's interfaces right remove the stuff that's. Not necessary not necessary not necessary abstract away the stuff that's really abstract away the stuff that's really. Abstract away the stuff that's really hard and then hone in on a use case find hard and then hone in on a use case find. Hard and then hone in on a use case find out what's you know what are you out what's you know what are you. Out what's you know what are you actually trying to accomplish with your actually trying to accomplish with your. Actually trying to accomplish with your application is it a trading application application is it a trading application. Application is it a trading application is it a payments application maybe a is it a payments application maybe a. Is it a payments application maybe a little bit of both what features do you little bit of both what features do you. Little bit of both what features do you need to focus on what features do you need to focus on what features do you. Need to focus on what features do you need to present to your users and what need to present to your users and what. Need to present to your users and what features do you need to remove and then features do you need to remove and then. Features do you need to remove and then lastly educate users right show them lastly educate users right show them. Lastly educate users right show them where the value is show them what where the value is show them what. Where the value is show them what they're getting up front and make their they're getting up front and make their. They're getting up front and make their lives easier whenever they're using your lives easier whenever they're using your. Lives easier whenever they're using your applications you don't want to just applications you don't want to just. Applications you don't want to just dump an application with a ton of dump an application with a ton of. Dump an application with a ton of functionality on them that they'll never functionality on them that they'll never. Functionality on them that they'll never understand how to use and that's it so understand how to use and that's it so. Understand how to use and that's it so that's pretty much all I had to touch on that's pretty much all I had to touch on. That's pretty much all I had to touch on throughout this whole presentation I throughout this whole presentation I. Throughout this whole presentation I just wanted to go over some basics of just wanted to go over some basics of. Just wanted to go over some basics of what to consider when you're getting what to consider when you're getting. What to consider when you're getting started on Stellar what to consider when started on Stellar what to consider when. Started on Stellar what to consider when you're building applications on Stellar you're building applications on Stellar. You're building applications on Stellar and how you can sort of scour the and how you can sort of scour the. And how you can sort of scour the ecosystem to find resources that can ecosystem to find resources that can. Ecosystem to find resources that can make your applications usable I don't make your applications usable I don't. Make your applications usable I don't think there were any questions if there think there were any questions if there. Think there were any questions if there are any feel free to ask them really are any feel free to ask them really. Are any feel free to ask them really quickly and we can I can try to answer quickly and we can I can try to answer. Quickly and we can I can try to answer them but other than that if you have any them but other than that if you have any. Them but other than that if you have any further stuff you can't get ahold of me further stuff you can't get ahold of me. Further stuff you can't get ahold of me on key base my username is just Colton on key base my username is just Colton. On key base my username is just Colton additionally you can find me on medium I additionally you can find me on medium I. Additionally you can find me on medium I write a weekly newsletter called the dev. Write a weekly newsletter called the dev write a weekly newsletter called the dev. Digest or basically I cover all of this digest or basically I cover all of this digest or basically I cover all of this. Kind of stuff so if you're interested in kind of stuff so if you're interested in. Kind of stuff so if you're interested in the latest conversations around the latest conversations around. The latest conversations around ecosystem standards I cover that if ecosystem standards I cover that if. Ecosystem standards I cover that if you're like if you're curious about the you're like if you're curious about the. You're like if you're curious about the latest developments in the ecosystem I latest developments in the ecosystem I. Latest developments in the ecosystem I cover all that stuff so if you're cover all that stuff so if you're. Cover all that stuff so if you're interested as a developer and keeping up interested as a developer and keeping up. Interested as a developer and keeping up with the stuff that's going on within with the stuff that's going on within. With the stuff that's going on within this our ecosystem you can easily do this our ecosystem you can easily do. This our ecosystem you can easily do that just by checking out my medium and that just by checking out my medium and. That just by checking out my medium and then there's also some base there's then there's also some base there's. Then there's also some base there's basic stuff such as like introductions basic stuff such as like introductions. Basic stuff such as like introductions to trust lines introductions to path to trust lines introductions to path. To trust lines introductions to path payments all that good stuff payments all that good stuff. Payments all that good stuff so if there's no questions I guess we so if there's no questions I guess we. So if there's no questions I guess we can call it a little early thanks can call it a little early thanks. Can call it a little early thanks everybody for tuning in and remember to everybody for tuning in and remember to. Everybody for tuning in and remember to tune in I think next week we're doing a tune in I think next week we're doing a. Tune in I think next week we're doing a set browned table and then the week set browned table and then the week. Set browned table and then the week after that we'll be doing another after that we'll be doing another. After that we'll be doing another engineering talk so thanks everybody for engineering talk so thanks everybody for. Engineering talk so thanks everybody for coming by.
