Hello hello hello everyone hello hello hello everyone my name is tyler van der hoeven and I am. My name is tyler van der hoeven and I am my name is tyler van der hoeven and I am. Very excited very excited very excited to be presenting on another to be presenting on another. To be presenting on another engineering talk engineering talk engineering talk. Today we're going to be going through today we're going to be going through today we're going to be going through. Stellar quest Stellar quest Stellar quest this is a new app that I'm very very this is a new app that I'm very very. This is a new app that I'm very very excited about before we get started excited about before we get started. Excited about before we get started though though though a couple of little housekeeping items as. A couple of little housekeeping items as a couple of little housekeeping items as. You all have questions you all have questions you all have questions as we're going through today's talk you. As we're going through today's talk you as we're going through today's talk you can either scan the qr code here. Can either scan the qr code here can either scan the qr code here on the screen to ask questions or just. On the screen to ask questions or just on the screen to ask questions or just pop them into. Pop them into pop them into into the youtube chat we'll try and get into the youtube chat we'll try and get. Into the youtube chat we'll try and get to questions so as you have questions to questions so as you have questions. To questions so as you have questions for me for me for me be sure and pop them in there we'll have. Be sure and pop them in there we'll have be sure and pop them in there we'll have. A time for a q a a time for a q a a time for a q a at the end at the end at the end . And then we're just gonna kind of and then we're just gonna kind of and then we're just gonna kind of. Walk through this this application walk through this this application walk through this this application. Stellar quest Stellar quest Stellar quest so it's been exactly a month actually so. So it's been exactly a month actually so so it's been exactly a month actually so. right on the heels of the big release right on the heels of the big release. right on the heels of the big release of scf 2.0 of scf 2.0 of scf 2.0 there's been this long-standing project. There's been this long-standing project there's been this long-standing project that i've wanted to build. That i've wanted to build that i've wanted to build kind of filling in the gap between. kind of filling in the gap between kind of filling in the gap between what I would call. What I would call what I would call normie devs you know just developers normie devs you know just developers. Normie devs you know just developers that may not be familiar with that may not be familiar with. That may not be familiar with cryptocurrency or have been very wary of cryptocurrency or have been very wary of. Cryptocurrency or have been very wary of jumping in or jumping in or jumping in or. Even a lot of friends that i've had from even a lot of friends that i've had from. Even a lot of friends that i've had from past jobs past jobs past jobs wanting to introduce them to. wanting to introduce them to wanting to introduce them to cryptocurrency but having a bit of a gap. Cryptocurrency but having a bit of a gap cryptocurrency but having a bit of a gap. Like where where do I get them started like where where do I get them started like where where do I get them started. Where do I sort of plant them I can't where do I sort of plant them I can't where do I sort of plant them I can't. Just send them documentation I want to just send them documentation I want to just send them documentation I want to. Give them a nice landing pad give them a nice landing pad give them a nice landing pad. For Stellar so there's kind of in this for Stellar so there's kind of in this for Stellar so there's kind of in this. Gap here between the normie devs gap here between the normie devs gap here between the normie devs. Developers that developers that developers that are good and enjoy what they do but are. Are good and enjoy what they do but are are good and enjoy what they do but are not familiar with cryptocurrency or. Not familiar with cryptocurrency or not familiar with cryptocurrency or Stellar and have maybe wanted to or. Stellar and have maybe wanted to or Stellar and have maybe wanted to or would be interested but need a good. Would be interested but need a good would be interested but need a good landing place a good onboarding. Landing place a good onboarding landing place a good onboarding technical onboarding into. technical onboarding into technical onboarding into interstellar kind of away from all of. Interstellar kind of away from all of interstellar kind of away from all of the the. The you know win moon conversations and you know win moon conversations and you know win moon conversations and. Pricing and stuff but just want the pricing and stuff but just want the pricing and stuff but just want the. Technology like help me understand technology like help me understand technology like help me understand. From a technical perspective what's from a technical perspective what's from a technical perspective what's. Going on with these apps so that is going on with these apps so that is going on with these apps so that is. Stellar quest it's this Stellar quest it's this Stellar quest it's this this this stepping stone between. This this stepping stone between this this stepping stone between things like the scf. Things like the scf things like the scf and kind of being deeper into the and kind of being deeper into the. And kind of being deeper into the technology and somebody who really knows technology and somebody who really knows. Technology and somebody who really knows nothing nothing nothing about cryptocurrency or the. about cryptocurrency or the about cryptocurrency or the technology that powers it. Technology that powers it technology that powers it so this is a very technical focused. So this is a very technical focused so this is a very technical focused challenge it's a gamified. Challenge it's a gamified challenge it's a gamified application that i've built so. application that i've built so application that i've built so right after scf I started working on. Right after scf I started working on right after scf I started working on Stellar quest so this has been a. Stellar quest so this has been a Stellar quest so this has been a solo project that i've been working on. Solo project that i've been working on solo project that i've been working on over the past month. Over the past month over the past month and since this is an engineering talk I and since this is an engineering talk i. And since this is an engineering talk I think it's worth pointing out because think it's worth pointing out because. Think it's worth pointing out because it's interesting and it's super it's interesting and it's super. It's interesting and it's super interesting to me interesting to me interesting to me. it's all built on cloudflare worker it's all built on cloudflare worker it's all built on cloudflare worker. Technology I'm kind of a technology I'm kind of a technology I'm kind of a aws lambda I love serverless technology. Aws lambda I love serverless technology aws lambda I love serverless technology but really wanted to try. But really wanted to try but really wanted to try cloudflare workers so all the back end. Cloudflare workers so all the back end cloudflare workers so all the back end is built on top of cloudflare workers. Is built on top of cloudflare workers is built on top of cloudflare workers their serverless architecture as well as. Their serverless architecture as well as their serverless architecture as well as. Their key value pair their key value pair their key value pair storage and then the front end is. Storage and then the front end is storage and then the front end is stencil js stencil js. Stencil js hosted on versal so for those of you who hosted on versal so for those of you who. Hosted on versal so for those of you who are interested are interested are interested. In that sort of thing I think it's in that sort of thing I think it's in that sort of thing I think it's. Fascinating I really enjoyed working fascinating I really enjoyed working fascinating I really enjoyed working. With those with those with those tech I love stencil js and cloudflare tech I love stencil js and cloudflare. Tech I love stencil js and cloudflare workers was a real joy to work with workers was a real joy to work with. Workers was a real joy to work with definitely looking forward to using that definitely looking forward to using that. Definitely looking forward to using that moving forward I don't have a fancy moving forward I don't have a fancy. Moving forward I don't have a fancy slide deck slide deck slide deck I will call out this one real fast. I will call out this one real fast I will call out this one real fast just as you find these things. Just as you find these things just as you find these things interesting or want to keep up with. Interesting or want to keep up with interesting or want to keep up with projects that I'm working on be sure and. Projects that I'm working on be sure and projects that I'm working on be sure and. Follow me tyvdh follow me tyvdh follow me tyvdh on twitter and again I'm the ecosystem. On twitter and again I'm the ecosystem on twitter and again I'm the ecosystem evangelist at the. Evangelist at the evangelist at the Stellar development foundation I don't Stellar development foundation I don't. Stellar development foundation I don't have a big slide deck have a big slide deck. Have a big slide deck we're going to actually be looking at we're going to actually be looking at. We're going to actually be looking at the application itself I'm going to walk the application itself I'm going to walk. The application itself I'm going to walk through through through the app that i've built and how to use. The app that i've built and how to use the app that i've built and how to use it so you'll get a little bit of a sneak. It so you'll get a little bit of a sneak it so you'll get a little bit of a sneak. Peek this is a peek this is a peek this is a this is a challenge application so for. This is a challenge application so for this is a challenge application so for those of you who are lucky enough to. Those of you who are lucky enough to those of you who are lucky enough to tune in. Tune in tune in you might get a little sneak peek at you might get a little sneak peek at. you might get a little sneak peek at what we have coming with the with the what we have coming with the with the. What we have coming with the with the upcoming upcoming upcoming first Stellar quest challenge so I'm. First Stellar quest challenge so I'm first Stellar quest challenge so I'm gonna go ahead and switch. Gonna go ahead and switch gonna go ahead and switch I am going to unfortunately have to call. I am going to unfortunately have to call I am going to unfortunately have to call. Out one of our third-party services run out one of our third-party services run out one of our third-party services run. Kit kit kit is within the last 20 minutes actually is within the last 20 minutes actually. Is within the last 20 minutes actually is is is is is is experiencing a pretty major outage so. Experiencing a pretty major outage so experiencing a pretty major outage so some of our images. Some of our images some of our images as well as challenge checking isn't as well as challenge checking isn't. As well as challenge checking isn't working right now so working right now so working right now so. If you see some broken images or we if you see some broken images or we if you see some broken images or we. Encounter some unexpected errors encounter some unexpected errors encounter some unexpected errors. It's probably related to the run kit it's probably related to the run kit it's probably related to the run kit. Outage but that's unfortunate hopefully outage but that's unfortunate hopefully outage but that's unfortunate hopefully. It won't it won't it won't won't affect us too much unless of won't affect us too much unless of. Won't affect us too much unless of course it's cloudflare that's course it's cloudflare that's. Course it's cloudflare that's having the outage but I think it's just having the outage but I think it's just. Having the outage but I think it's just run kit so run kit so run kit so Stellar quest this is our landing page. Stellar quest this is our landing page Stellar quest this is our landing page at the moment. At the moment at the moment calling out a little bit about what it calling out a little bit about what it. Calling out a little bit about what it is some of this is up is some of this is up. Is some of this is up for discussion definitely looking for discussion definitely looking. for discussion definitely looking for feedback and you guys are getting a for feedback and you guys are getting a. For feedback and you guys are getting a bit of a bit of a bit of a sneak peek a first look at what we have. Sneak peek a first look at what we have sneak peek a first look at what we have so far so as you have questions or. So far so as you have questions or so far so as you have questions or comments or. Comments or comments or kind of the dedicated Stellar fans be kind of the dedicated Stellar fans be. kind of the dedicated Stellar fans be sure and reach out with any feedback or sure and reach out with any feedback or. Sure and reach out with any feedback or ideas for how to improve these ideas for how to improve these. Ideas for how to improve these screens or the commentary that we have screens or the commentary that we have. Screens or the commentary that we have but you can see right away that series 1 but you can see right away that series 1. But you can see right away that series 1 of Stellar quest will be launching on of Stellar quest will be launching on. Of Stellar quest will be launching on monday monday monday so challenge 1 of series 1 is going live. So challenge 1 of series 1 is going live so challenge 1 of series 1 is going live. At 9 00 a.m at 9 00 a.m at 9 00 a.m this coming monday so mark your this coming monday so mark your. This coming monday so mark your calendars calendars calendars there are xlm prizes as well as. there are xlm prizes as well as there are xlm prizes as well as these fantastic fancy badges which . These fantastic fancy badges which these fantastic fancy badges which you can't see right now because again. You can't see right now because again you can't see right now because again we're using run kit to. We're using run kit to we're using run kit to render some of those so render some of those so . Render some of those so until run kits back up those will be until run kits back up those will be. Until run kits back up those will be dead images unfortunately dead images unfortunately. Dead images unfortunately for those of you again who is for those of you again who is. for those of you again who is engineering talk so these are engineering talk so these are. Engineering talk so these are badges so we've got excellent prizes badges so we've got excellent prizes. Badges so we've got excellent prizes that are kind of a while supplies last that are kind of a while supplies last. That are kind of a while supplies last sort of thing is you can you know the sort of thing is you can you know the. Sort of thing is you can you know the first few people that complete each first few people that complete each. First few people that complete each challenge challenge challenge will be eligible for xlm prizes. Will be eligible for xlm prizes will be eligible for xlm prizes and then anybody who completes a. And then anybody who completes a and then anybody who completes a challenge will get one of these badges. Challenge will get one of these badges challenge will get one of these badges so there's eight badges there are eight. So there's eight badges there are eight so there's eight badges there are eight challenges. Challenges challenges whenever you complete a challenge you whenever you complete a challenge you. Whenever you complete a challenge you unlock one of these badges unlock one of these badges. Unlock one of these badges so it's kind of like the collectibles so it's kind of like the collectibles. So it's kind of like the collectibles that you you'll have on your Stellar that you you'll have on your Stellar. That you you'll have on your Stellar account as you complete account as you complete. Account as you complete challenges so these are not kind of challenges so these are not kind of. Challenges so these are not kind of one after the next one after the next one after the next. The the first one launches on monday and the the first one launches on monday and. The the first one launches on monday and then we wait then we wait then we wait until friday at 9 00 pm we've got a.m. Until friday at 9 00 pm we've got a.m until friday at 9 00 pm we've got a.m and p.m to make sure we cover everybody. And p.m to make sure we cover everybody and p.m to make sure we cover everybody . across the globe eight challenges across the globe eight challenges across the globe eight challenges. First one launches on on monday so very first one launches on on monday so very first one launches on on monday so very. Very excited for this to very excited for this to very excited for this to for this to go live be sure and. For this to go live be sure and for this to go live be sure and mark your calendars and then as you. Mark your calendars and then as you mark your calendars and then as you have people that have been interested in. Have people that have been interested in have people that have been interested in. Stuller maybe you've been wanting to Stellar maybe you've been wanting to Stellar maybe you've been wanting to. Onboard your developer friends into what onboard your developer friends into what. Onboard your developer friends into what we're doing here we're doing here we're doing here. Be sure and send them the link which be sure and send them the link which be sure and send them the link which. Will be quest.Stellar.org will be quest.Stellar.org will be quest.Stellar.org quest.Stellar.org I'm not sure I include. Quest.Stellar.org I'm not sure I include quest.Stellar.org I'm not sure I include. That in any slides so that in any slides so that in any slides so i'll make sure and call that out so. I'll make sure and call that out so i'll make sure and call that out so let's go ahead and log in so. Let's go ahead and log in so let's go ahead and log in so got some legal stuff we've got my super. Got some legal stuff we've got my super got some legal stuff we've got my super secret dev login number. We're using SMS codes we're using SMS codes to protect against civil attacks. to protect against civil attacks to protect against civil attacks where one person can pretend to be. where one person can pretend to be where one person can pretend to be many people if we use social or email. Many people if we use social or email many people if we use social or email it's very easy to duplicate those and. It's very easy to duplicate those and it's very easy to duplicate those and just continuously log yourself. Just continuously log yourself just continuously log yourself in complete challenges and thereby claim. In complete challenges and thereby claim in complete challenges and thereby claim. All of the prizes as a single entity all of the prizes as a single entity all of the prizes as a single entity. So by using SMS and only allowing actual so by using SMS and only allowing actual. So by using SMS and only allowing actual mobile numbers mobile numbers mobile numbers. you know no no voice over ip numbers you know no no voice over ip numbers you know no no voice over ip numbers. Or landlines or landlines or landlines just mobile numbers connected to a valid just mobile numbers connected to a valid. Just mobile numbers connected to a valid network network network we block against a lot of that so that's. We block against a lot of that so that's we block against a lot of that so that's. Why if you're confused why we're using why if you're confused why we're using why if you're confused why we're using. Sms numbers that's what we're using for SMS numbers that's what we're using for SMS numbers that's what we're using for. Now to protect against now to protect against now to protect against the that's the anti-sybil mechanisms. The that's the anti-sybil mechanisms the that's the anti-sybil mechanisms that we're using. That we're using that we're using same thing that we're using with the same thing that we're using with the . Same thing that we're using with the community fund community fund community fund. Verify that code and this will jump us verify that code and this will jump us verify that code and this will jump us. To challenge number one now I'm going to to challenge number one now I'm going to. To challenge number one now I'm going to give you a sneak peek of challenge one give you a sneak peek of challenge one. Give you a sneak peek of challenge one I'm going to try my best not to click on I'm going to try my best not to click on. I'm going to try my best not to click on any other challenges so that any other challenges so that. Any other challenges so that you don't get too far ahead of us the you don't get too far ahead of us the. You don't get too far ahead of us the challenge number one here is just challenge number one here is just. Challenge number one here is just creating an account so these challenges creating an account so these challenges. Creating an account so these challenges are all very modular and relatively are all very modular and relatively. Are all very modular and relatively simple simple simple if you're brand new to seller these. if you're brand new to seller these if you're brand new to seller these might be like whoa what in the world is. Might be like whoa what in the world is might be like whoa what in the world is this but. This but this but we've got helpful links brief brief we've got helpful links brief brief. We've got helpful links brief brief commentary on what you're trying to do commentary on what you're trying to do. Commentary on what you're trying to do again these are challenges for prizes so again these are challenges for prizes so. Again these are challenges for prizes so we don't want to give away too much but we don't want to give away too much but. We don't want to give away too much but the idea here is to give away enough the idea here is to give away enough. The idea here is to give away enough information that information that information that . People know where to go to complete the people know where to go to complete the people know where to go to complete the. Challenge as well as not to lose them challenge as well as not to lose them challenge as well as not to lose them. Along the way so along the way so along the way so we'll kind of test and see where we can. We'll kind of test and see where we can we'll kind of test and see where we can make improvements. Make improvements make improvements to kind of have that good balance to kind of have that good balance. To kind of have that good balance between giving away too much and not between giving away too much and not. Between giving away too much and not giving away enough to keep the incentive giving away enough to keep the incentive. Giving away enough to keep the incentive to continue on with the challenges but to continue on with the challenges but. To continue on with the challenges but so we've logged in so we've logged in. so we've logged in we've got our first challenge all the we've got our first challenge all the. We've got our first challenge all the challenges will be completed with the challenges will be completed with the. Challenges will be completed with the same same same testnet account so this right here is. Testnet account so this right here is testnet account so this right here is just the the account seed. Just the the account seed just the the account seed or the account public key and you need. Or the account public key and you need or the account public key and you need to fund this account you can't. To fund this account you can't to fund this account you can't directly fund it with with . Directly fund it with with directly fund it with with friendbot you're going to have to figure. Friendbot you're going to have to figure friendbot you're going to have to figure. Out a way to do it probably through out a way to do it probably through out a way to do it probably through. Friendbot through another account or friendbot through another account or friendbot through another account or. Something like that hinted something like that hinted something like that hinted but these these accounts will all be. but these these accounts will all be but these these accounts will all be done. Done done using the testnet this entire series using the testnet this entire series. Using the testnet this entire series still requests will be divided into still requests will be divided into. Still requests will be divided into different series different series different series. The first series is the one that we're the first series is the one that we're the first series is the one that we're. Launching now it's comprised of launching now it's comprised of launching now it's comprised of. Eight different challenges and these eight different challenges and these eight different challenges and these. Series will launch series will launch series will launch who knows you know maybe we'll do. who knows you know maybe we'll do who knows you know maybe we'll do some partnerships with other. Some partnerships with other some partnerships with other dev groups or just continue to launch. Dev groups or just continue to launch dev groups or just continue to launch these from. These from these from the foundation I would love to see the foundation I would love to see. The foundation I would love to see partnerships happen where there's lots partnerships happen where there's lots. Partnerships happen where there's lots of different series that are co-branded of different series that are co-branded. Of different series that are co-branded with other entities with other entities with other entities. and for each one of those you'll get and for each one of those you'll get and for each one of those you'll get. A different public key that kind of a different public key that kind of a different public key that kind of. Links up to links up to links up to the different challenges and complete the different challenges and complete. The different challenges and complete them all through there when we actually them all through there when we actually. Them all through there when we actually get to the claiming prize portion get to the claiming prize portion. Get to the claiming prize portion that's when you're going to connect a that's when you're going to connect a. That's when you're going to connect a public key on the live network public key on the live network. Public key on the live network where you can claim prizes and actually where you can claim prizes and actually. Where you can claim prizes and actually have all your stuff on the live network have all your stuff on the live network. Have all your stuff on the live network but but but for the actual challenges everything's. For the actual challenges everything's for the actual challenges everything's on test net so you're not gonna have to. On test net so you're not gonna have to on test net so you're not gonna have to spend any money or go through coinbase. Spend any money or go through coinbase spend any money or go through coinbase or somehow figure out how to get lumens. Or somehow figure out how to get lumens or somehow figure out how to get lumens the idea again is is just to understand. The idea again is is just to understand the idea again is is just to understand the technology behind. The technology behind the technology behind behind Stellar i've got a nice discord. Behind Stellar i've got a nice discord behind Stellar i've got a nice discord channel if you guys want to join that. Channel if you guys want to join that channel if you guys want to join that once it's live we'll have some different. Once it's live we'll have some different once it's live we'll have some different. Discussion going on there as well as if discussion going on there as well as if discussion going on there as well as if. Anybody has anybody has anybody has problems or issues we'll try and build problems or issues we'll try and build. Problems or issues we'll try and build up a little community to support each up a little community to support each. Up a little community to support each other other other there's another thing I think worth. There's another thing I think worth there's another thing I think worth calling out on the login there's a. Calling out on the login there's a calling out on the login there's a couple we're using. Couple we're using couple we're using the twilio lookup service the twilio lookup service. The twilio lookup service and there are some issues with different and there are some issues with different. And there are some issues with different countries or regions countries or regions. Countries or regions around SMS verification so if you're around SMS verification so if you're. Around SMS verification so if you're pretty sure that your number should work pretty sure that your number should work. Pretty sure that your number should work particularly like if you're using a particularly like if you're using a. Particularly like if you're using a voiceover ip number but that's your main voiceover ip number but that's your main. Voiceover ip number but that's your main number or that's what you're using to number or that's what you're using to. Number or that's what you're using to get around issues that you have with get around issues that you have with. Get around issues that you have with your network your network your network but it's not letting you in you would. But it's not letting you in you would but it's not letting you in you would jump into the discord channel. Jump into the discord channel jump into the discord channel there's a there's a channel there for. there's a there's a channel there for there's a there's a channel there for. Help login help login help login that we can we can white list your that we can we can white list your. That we can we can white list your number to let you in number to let you in number to let you in. Even if you're using a voice over ip even if you're using a voice over ip even if you're using a voice over ip. Number or or in a country that number or or in a country that number or or in a country that. Twilio doesn't support but you're twilio doesn't support but you're twilio doesn't support but you're. Still an individual single human being still an individual single human being still an individual single human being. so that's worth calling out if so that's worth calling out if so that's worth calling out if. You're having issues you're having issues you're having issues logging in there is some some help. logging in there is some some help logging in there is some some help for that in general though it should. For that in general though it should for that in general though it should work fine. Work fine work fine so I'm assuming these these check so I'm assuming these these check. so I'm assuming these these check buttons buttons buttons trigger off on run kit they actually. trigger off on run kit they actually trigger off on run kit they actually look at run kit to see. Look at run kit to see look at run kit to see if your account has performed the action. If your account has performed the action if your account has performed the action. That is required that is required that is required so I'm guessing that these buttons will. So I'm guessing that these buttons will so I'm guessing that these buttons will yes throw some errors because run kit is. Yes throw some errors because run kit is yes throw some errors because run kit is. Done right now done right now done right now if you just can't figure it out and you. If you just can't figure it out and you if you just can't figure it out and you want to just move on and kind of forfeit. Want to just move on and kind of forfeit want to just move on and kind of forfeit. The the cash prize but are still wanting the the cash prize but are still wanting. The the cash prize but are still wanting to get the the token to get the the token. To get the the token you can click the the shrug button here you can click the the shrug button here. You can click the the shrug button here I don't know I don't know I don't know . And it'll actually pop up a block of and it'll actually pop up a block of and it'll actually pop up a block of. Code straight from run kit code straight from run kit code straight from run kit which you can run it'll have. Which you can run it'll have which you can run it'll have pre-populated in there your public and. Pre-populated in there your public and pre-populated in there your public and private keys. Private keys private keys so that when you when you actually go to so that when you when you actually go to. So that when you when you actually go to run that code it will run that code it will. Run that code it will perform all the actions necessary to get perform all the actions necessary to get. Perform all the actions necessary to get your account to a passing state your account to a passing state. Your account to a passing state to where you could then check it and to where you could then check it and. To where you could then check it and pass the pass the challenge again you pass the pass the challenge again you. Pass the pass the challenge again you wouldn't get the xlm you wouldn't be wouldn't get the xlm you wouldn't be. Wouldn't get the xlm you wouldn't be eligible for the xlm prizes eligible for the xlm prizes. Eligible for the xlm prizes but you could still be eligible for but you could still be eligible for. but you could still be eligible for the for the badge for completing the the for the badge for completing the. The for the badge for completing the challenge and i'll let you move on challenge and i'll let you move on. Challenge and i'll let you move on to the next challenge so if you ever get to the next challenge so if you ever get. To the next challenge so if you ever get stuck and you stuck and you stuck and you. Really just can't figure it out and you really just can't figure it out and you really just can't figure it out and you. Don't feel like jumping into discord or don't feel like jumping into discord or don't feel like jumping into discord or. Asking for help which I really strongly asking for help which I really strongly asking for help which I really strongly. Suggest that you do you know try and get suggest that you do you know try and get. Suggest that you do you know try and get through it it's the whole point but for through it it's the whole point but for. Through it it's the whole point but for some reason it's really stuck some reason it's really stuck. Some reason it's really stuck you can always just shrug out of it and you can always just shrug out of it and. You can always just shrug out of it and and then run the code that that will. And then run the code that that will and then run the code that that will spit out. Spit out spit out and then check it again and it should and then check it again and it should. And then check it again and it should let you pass let you pass let you pass once you've completed challenges. once you've completed challenges once you've completed challenges however and you're moving right along. However and you're moving right along however and you're moving right along every so often we run a. every so often we run a every so often we run a check on the back end which compiles all. Check on the back end which compiles all check on the back end which compiles all. Of the of the of the people who have completed the challenge people who have completed the challenge. People who have completed the challenge and it runs them against and it runs them against. And it runs them against it kind of compiles all those it kind of compiles all those. it kind of compiles all those together runs them against our prize together runs them against our prize. Together runs them against our prize array array array to see who gets what based on when you. To see who gets what based on when you to see who gets what based on when you completed the challenge and then it. Completed the challenge and then it completed the challenge and then it generates. Generates generates basically an id which serves as a basically an id which serves as a. Basically an id which serves as a claimable claimable claimable prize so in this case. prize so in this case prize so in this case i've got one waiting here for challenge. I've got one waiting here for challenge i've got one waiting here for challenge one. One one and it looks like I got first place in and it looks like I got first place in. And it looks like I got first place in this lucky me this lucky me this lucky me local hosts you know not the most. local hosts you know not the most local hosts you know not the most popular domain name at the moment for. Popular domain name at the moment for popular domain name at the moment for everybody else to join so. Everybody else to join so everybody else to join so I won first place got 500 lumens for. I won first place got 500 lumens for I won first place got 500 lumens for challenge one. Challenge one challenge one see again this beautiful badge here see again this beautiful badge here. See again this beautiful badge here and now I have the ability to claim this and now I have the ability to claim this. And now I have the ability to claim this and so this is going to trigger and so this is going to trigger. And so this is going to trigger the the functionality to allow me to the the functionality to allow me to. The the functionality to allow me to actually connect to actually connect to actually connect to. Or create or connect to a public account or create or connect to a public account. Or create or connect to a public account public key public key public key where a public network key rather and. Where a public network key rather and where a public network key rather and actually put this this badge and. actually put this this badge and actually put this this badge and 500 lumens into my account we do put. 500 lumens into my account we do put 500 lumens into my account we do put a nice little call out here that's . A nice little call out here that's a nice little call out here that's notifying that we're using albedo . Notifying that we're using albedo notifying that we're using albedo orbital lenses. Orbital lenses orbital lenses he's the guy who built Stellar he's the guy who built Stellar. he's the guy who built Stellar expert developer expert developer expert developer. Good team they built albedo which is good team they built albedo which is good team they built albedo which is. Kind of kind of kind of it's a it's a plug-in but it's also just it's a it's a plug-in but it's also just. It's a it's a plug-in but it's also just a pop-up service that's a a pop-up service that's a. A pop-up service that's a very low friction relatively low very low friction relatively low. Very low friction relatively low friction friction friction crypto wallet account that you can use. Crypto wallet account that you can use crypto wallet account that you can use straight from. Straight from straight from a browser both on mobile desktop safari a browser both on mobile desktop safari. A browser both on mobile desktop safari any browser will do and that's what any browser will do and that's what. any browser will do and that's what we're using to we're using to we're using to. Communicate between this website and the communicate between this website and the. Communicate between this website and the wallet so our non-custodial wallet so our non-custodial. Wallet so our non-custodial application that we'll be calling application that we'll be calling. Application that we'll be calling this account kind of building that this account kind of building that. This account kind of building that relationship between making sure relationship between making sure. Relationship between making sure individuals are owning their own individuals are owning their own. Individuals are owning their own accounts and understanding what they're accounts and understanding what they're. Accounts and understanding what they're doing but also doing but also doing but also. Having the ease of access of having the ease of access of having the ease of access of. Communication between the browser and communication between the browser and. Communication between the browser and the actual wallet so the actual wallet so. The actual wallet so i've got an account here that's been i've got an account here that's been. I've got an account here that's been connected it's right now it's on the connected it's right now it's on the. connected it's right now it's on the test net but test net but test net but recently merged away so we can we got. recently merged away so we can we got recently merged away so we can we got. A little bit of activity on here but it a little bit of activity on here but it a little bit of activity on here but it. Actually doesn't exist right now actually doesn't exist right now actually doesn't exist right now. So the first thing it will do will be to so the first thing it will do will be to. So the first thing it will do will be to create this account and then create this account and then. Create this account and then claim those those balances and albedo claim those those balances and albedo. claim those those balances and albedo I'm using implicit very similar to oauth. I'm using implicit very similar to oauth I'm using implicit very similar to oauth. Where you don't have to continuously where you don't have to continuously where you don't have to continuously. Enter your password every single time enter your password every single time enter your password every single time. You want to claim a prize so it's you want to claim a prize so it's you want to claim a prize so it's. Possible that i've actually got possible that i've actually got possible that i've actually got. A session variable looks like it I don't a session variable looks like it I don't. A session variable looks like it I don't right now so it'll pop a session right now so it'll pop a session. Right now so it'll pop a session variable in there variable in there variable in there. When I run the implicit mode so when I when I run the implicit mode so when I when I run the implicit mode so when i. First click claim it should pop up that first click claim it should pop up that first click claim it should pop up that. Window window window to allow me to actually connect to allow me to actually connect. To allow me to actually connect to that into the password and then that to that into the password and then that. To that into the password and then that will go and claim that will go and claim that. Will go and claim that balance looks like again we have a run balance looks like again we have a run. Balance looks like again we have a run kit issue so it won't actually let me kit issue so it won't actually let me. Kit issue so it won't actually let me claim claim claim this balance but the nice thing here is. This balance but the nice thing here is this balance but the nice thing here is it should have. It should have it should have assuming that that error happened after assuming that that error happened after. Assuming that that error happened after yep we have that session yep we have that session. Yep we have that session so if I go and claim this again it so if I go and claim this again it. So if I go and claim this again it shouldn't do the pop-up it should just shouldn't do the pop-up it should just. Shouldn't do the pop-up it should just try try try and claim that prize again because we. And claim that prize again because we and claim that prize again because we. Have the run kit issue won't actually have the run kit issue won't actually have the run kit issue won't actually. Let us claim it but once that run kit let us claim it but once that run kit let us claim it but once that run kit. Issue is cleared issue is cleared issue is cleared it'll it'll take this balance it'll. it'll it'll take this balance it'll it'll it'll take this balance it'll go go. Go and or i'll take this id go and see that and or i'll take this id go and see that. And or i'll take this id go and see that the public key that i've just sent the public key that i've just sent. the public key that i've just sent along with along with along with the amount and the badge it'll create a. The amount and the badge it'll create a the amount and the badge it'll create a transaction for me then it'll send it. Transaction for me then it'll send it transaction for me then it'll send it back for me to sign. Back for me to sign back for me to sign the implicit albedo session will the implicit albedo session will. The implicit albedo session will sign that transaction and then actually sign that transaction and then actually. Sign that transaction and then actually send it back to send it back to send it back to. Stellar quest backend and then the Stellar quest backend and then the Stellar quest backend and then the. Stutter quest backend is actually going stutter quest backend is actually going stutter quest backend is actually going. To wrap that whole signed to wrap that whole signed to wrap that whole signed transaction in a fee bump transaction. Transaction in a fee bump transaction transaction in a fee bump transaction so that your users or I guess sell. So that your users or I guess sell so that your users or I guess sell request users never have to pay. Request users never have to pay request users never have to pay fees themselves i'll be consuming all of. Fees themselves i'll be consuming all of fees themselves i'll be consuming all of. The fees the fees the fees but I still get the really high but I still get the really high. But I still get the really high throughput so if a lot of people are throughput so if a lot of people are. Throughput so if a lot of people are claiming claiming claiming prizes at the same time I don't have to. Prizes at the same time I don't have to prizes at the same time I don't have to worry about the sequence number because. Worry about the sequence number because worry about the sequence number because user accounts are consuming sequence. User accounts are consuming sequence user accounts are consuming sequence numbers but. Numbers but numbers but my fee account is consuming all of the my fee account is consuming all of the. My fee account is consuming all of the the fees the fees the fees so a nice use case there of the fee bump. So a nice use case there of the fee bump so a nice use case there of the fee bump. That recently came out in protocol 13 that recently came out in protocol 13 that recently came out in protocol 13. allows for a little bit higher allows for a little bit higher allows for a little bit higher. Throughput throughput throughput for claiming these prizes without having for claiming these prizes without having. For claiming these prizes without having to have users to have users to have users. Actually pay the fees to to collect actually pay the fees to to collect actually pay the fees to to collect. Their prizes their prizes their prizes so really honestly that's that's kind of so really honestly that's that's kind of. So really honestly that's that's kind of it it it these these challenges will come out. These these challenges will come out these these challenges will come out every monday and friday. Every monday and friday every monday and friday again if we look back at our schedule. Again if we look back at our schedule again if we look back at our schedule you can see. You can see you can see mondays and fridays 9 a.m and 9 p.m mondays and fridays 9 a.m and 9 p.m. Mondays and fridays 9 a.m and 9 p.m going from going from going from challenges one and two for four weeks. Challenges one and two for four weeks challenges one and two for four weeks all the way through to november six. All the way through to november six all the way through to november six we'll be calling out things like. We'll be calling out things like we'll be calling out things like meridian hackathon which is open and. Meridian hackathon which is open and meridian hackathon which is open and ready for registration as well as. Ready for registration as well as ready for registration as well as things like the Stellar community fund. Things like the Stellar community fund things like the Stellar community fund particularly the lab fund so if folks. Particularly the lab fund so if folks particularly the lab fund so if folks are are. Are enjoying Stellar quests and really enjoying Stellar quests and really enjoying Stellar quests and really. Getting into the challenges there's getting into the challenges there's getting into the challenges there's. Places for them to go places for them to go places for them to go once we again i'd really like to have . Once we again i'd really like to have once we again i'd really like to have . Partnerships with other developer groups partnerships with other developer groups. Partnerships with other developer groups there might be opportunities for there might be opportunities for. there might be opportunities for co-branded links and co-branded links and co-branded links and. Really starting to open up the really starting to open up the really starting to open up the. Stellar sphere Stellar sphere Stellar sphere to people that are not inside crypto. To people that are not inside crypto to people that are not inside crypto that's kind of the whole point of. That's kind of the whole point of that's kind of the whole point of Stellar quest is to really aim at. Stellar quest is to really aim at Stellar quest is to really aim at normie dead steps that have not been. Normie dead steps that have not been normie dead steps that have not been involved. Involved involved in crypto before but are interested or in crypto before but are interested or. In crypto before but are interested or at least willing to take a try so long at least willing to take a try so long. At least willing to take a try so long as it's kind of that low barrier as it's kind of that low barrier. As it's kind of that low barrier gamified entry level experience which gamified entry level experience which. Gamified entry level experience which is what we're trying to achieve again is what we're trying to achieve again. Is what we're trying to achieve again with with with with Stellar quests so with that. With Stellar quests so with that with Stellar quests so with that we will open it up for for questions. We will open it up for for questions we will open it up for for questions does anybody have. Does anybody have does anybody have questions about Stellar quest i'll just wait we've got our. I'll just wait we've got our our onca team looking through if there's our onca team looking through if there's. Our onca team looking through if there's any questions if there aren't any questions if there aren't. Any questions if there aren't you know if I explain everything so well you know if I explain everything so well. You know if I explain everything so well of course there are no questions of course there are no questions. Of course there are no questions we'll wait a few minutes and see if we'll wait a few minutes and see if. We'll wait a few minutes and see if anybody has anything to ask so one question you all should be asking. So one question you all should be asking is why do we have to wait is why do we have to wait. Is why do we have to wait why can't we just claim prizes as soon why can't we just claim prizes as soon. Why can't we just claim prizes as soon as as as we finish a challenge why do you have. we finish a challenge why do you have we finish a challenge why do you have. To put it into a queue to put it into a queue to put it into a queue that's an excellent question glad you. That's an excellent question glad you that's an excellent question glad you asked it it has to do with. Asked it it has to do with asked it it has to do with the fact that I'm real I really tried to. The fact that I'm real I really tried to the fact that I'm real I really tried to. Use cloudflare use cloudflare use cloudflare exclusively for the back end so we're. Exclusively for the back end so we're exclusively for the back end so we're actually using their key value. Actually using their key value actually using their key value storage database if you will but it has. Storage database if you will but it has storage database if you will but it has a potential. A potential a potential latency of one minute so you can imagine latency of one minute so you can imagine. Latency of one minute so you can imagine if people are completing challenges if people are completing challenges. If people are completing challenges in one in one in one part of the world and people are. Part of the world and people are part of the world and people are completing challenges in another part of. Completing challenges in another part of completing challenges in another part of. The world if that's not in sync the world if that's not in sync the world if that's not in sync. I could complete a challenge after you I could complete a challenge after you I could complete a challenge after you. But but but claim the prize before you claim the prize before you claim the prize before you. And so that's not that's no good so we and so that's not that's no good so we and so that's not that's no good so we. Have to wait until that potential have to wait until that potential have to wait until that potential. Latency has passed latency has passed latency has passed to allow everybody to claim the prize. To allow everybody to claim the prize to allow everybody to claim the prize that they actually won. That they actually won that they actually won by looking at time stamps once by looking at time stamps once. by looking at time stamps once cloudflare actually announced last week cloudflare actually announced last week. Cloudflare actually announced last week a more real-time synced a more real-time synced . A more real-time synced they called durable objects I think it's they called durable objects I think it's. They called durable objects I think it's in beta right now so once it in beta right now so once it. In beta right now so once it once it reaches a stable release that'll once it reaches a stable release that'll. Once it reaches a stable release that'll allow us to do allow us to do allow us to do. Claims in real time so we won't have claims in real time so we won't have claims in real time so we won't have. That kind of that kind of that kind of intermittent waiting period between intermittent waiting period between. Intermittent waiting period between completing a challenge and claiming the completing a challenge and claiming the. Completing a challenge and claiming the price for it you'll know immediately as price for it you'll know immediately as. Price for it you'll know immediately as soon as you finish it soon as you finish it. Soon as you finish it what place you got and whether or not what place you got and whether or not. What place you got and whether or not you have xlm prize associated with it so you have xlm prize associated with it so. You have xlm prize associated with it so excellent question next another another good one interesting one. Another another good one interesting one not really a question but something not really a question but something. Not really a question but something that'll be quite fascinating is once that'll be quite fascinating is once. That'll be quite fascinating is once protocol 13 protocol 13 protocol 13 I'm sorry protocol wait 14 goes live. I'm sorry protocol wait 14 goes live I'm sorry protocol wait 14 goes live I think it's 13. I think the last one. I think it's 13. I think the last one I think it's 13. I think the last one. Was 12. Was 12. Was 12. I'm a seller person I can actually I'm a seller person I can actually I'm a seller person I can actually. Remember goes live with claimable remember goes live with claimable remember goes live with claimable. Balances and sponsor reserves the whole balances and sponsor reserves the whole balances and sponsor reserves the whole. Process of claiming the prizes will be process of claiming the prizes will be process of claiming the prizes will be. Much easier much easier much easier one of the issues right now with one of the issues right now with. One of the issues right now with claiming prizes is it's a badge so it's claiming prizes is it's a badge so it's. Claiming prizes is it's a badge so it's a custom a custom a custom asset that's stored on the blockchain. Asset that's stored on the blockchain asset that's stored on the blockchain which means I have to open up a truss. Which means I have to open up a truss which means I have to open up a truss line line. Line for it and so the there's a very real for it and so the there's a very real for it and so the there's a very real. Time time time opening up a truss line and issuing opening up a truss line and issuing. opening up a truss line and issuing an asset that happens an asset that happens. An asset that happens where I have to kind of just sit where I have to kind of just sit. where I have to kind of just sit there and wait until there and wait until there and wait until. You're immediately asking like hey I'm you're immediately asking like hey I'm you're immediately asking like hey I'm. Ready to receive this prize ready to receive this prize ready to receive this prize. Once claimable balances exist I can just once claimable balances exist I can just. Once claimable balances exist I can just say oh this person won this prize I'm say oh this person won this prize I'm. Say oh this person won this prize I'm going to set up going to set up going to set up. An entry in in Stellar that says an entry in in Stellar that says an entry in in Stellar that says. Here's the prize for this public key and here's the prize for this public key and. Here's the prize for this public key and it's out here it's out here it's out here. Which will allow you to claim it at any which will allow you to claim it at any which will allow you to claim it at any. Point in time from any point in time from any point in time from any any place you have access to that. any place you have access to that any place you have access to that public key so rather than having to sort. Public key so rather than having to sort public key so rather than having to sort. Of have me and you both of have me and you both of have me and you both there at the same time to both ask for. There at the same time to both ask for there at the same time to both ask for create the transaction for and then. Create the transaction for and then create the transaction for and then receive the prize those things can. Receive the prize those things can receive the prize those things can happen asynchronously. Happen asynchronously happen asynchronously which will make the prize claiming which will make the prize claiming. Which will make the prize claiming process much easier as well as process much easier as well as. Process much easier as well as you know if you claim the prize or you you know if you claim the prize or you. You know if you claim the prize or you you're eligible for the prize but you're eligible for the prize but. You're eligible for the prize but for some reason you decide not to claim for some reason you decide not to claim. For some reason you decide not to claim it I can it I can it I can leave myself as a claimant on that. Leave myself as a claimant on that leave myself as a claimant on that claimable balance and say after. Claimable balance and say after claimable balance and say after one day or after a week if you don't. One day or after a week if you don't one day or after a week if you don't claim it I'm going to revoke it and put. Claim it I'm going to revoke it and put claim it I'm going to revoke it and put that prize back into the pool for. That prize back into the pool for that prize back into the pool for somebody else to grab. Somebody else to grab somebody else to grab so very excited about claimable balances. So very excited about claimable balances so very excited about claimable balances. And then obviously sponsor reserves and then obviously sponsor reserves and then obviously sponsor reserves. Will be really nice because right now will be really nice because right now will be really nice because right now. I'm actually creating accounts for I'm actually creating accounts for I'm actually creating accounts for. People as they come in people as they come in people as they come in and are attempting to claim their prizes. And are attempting to claim their prizes and are attempting to claim their prizes. If their account if their account if their account doesn't exist on the ledger yet I put. Doesn't exist on the ledger yet I put doesn't exist on the ledger yet I put down down. Down the the minimum balance the the minimum balance the the minimum balance for the account for it to exist as well. For the account for it to exist as well for the account for it to exist as well as covering any. As covering any as covering any any fees for any fees for any fees for the assets that they're trusting so each. The assets that they're trusting so each the assets that they're trusting so each. Of the badges of the badges of the badges has a 0.5 lumen reserve that's required. Has a 0.5 lumen reserve that's required has a 0.5 lumen reserve that's required for. For for for you to hold that asset so I give for you to hold that asset so I give. For you to hold that asset so I give you all those lumens right now into your you all those lumens right now into your. You all those lumens right now into your account it'll be really nice once we account it'll be really nice once we. Account it'll be really nice once we have sponsor reserves where I can just have sponsor reserves where I can just. Have sponsor reserves where I can just sponsor those sponsor those sponsor those for you rather than actually giving them. For you rather than actually giving them for you rather than actually giving them. To you to you to you so both of those new features coming out so both of those new features coming out. So both of those new features coming out to the next protocol release to the next protocol release. To the next protocol release will be amazing and will greatly improve will be amazing and will greatly improve. Will be amazing and will greatly improve that along with the durable objects from. That along with the durable objects from that along with the durable objects from. Cloudflare will make cloudflare will make cloudflare will make Stellar quests just a little bit faster. Stellar quests just a little bit faster Stellar quests just a little bit faster and honestly easier to to manage from my. And honestly easier to to manage from my and honestly easier to to manage from my. End on the on the Stellar side so end on the on the Stellar side so end on the on the Stellar side so. Very excited about those it's been very excited about those it's been very excited about those it's been. Interesting actually building a interesting actually building a interesting actually building a. Production level production level production level application on top of Stellar so it's. Application on top of Stellar so it's application on top of Stellar so it's like a meta application where you're. Like a meta application where you're like a meta application where you're both teaching. Both teaching both teaching people about Stellar but also using it people about Stellar but also using it. People about Stellar but also using it to teach them to teach them to teach them through the badges and the prizes and. through the badges and the prizes and through the badges and the prizes and. Actually trying to get all these things actually trying to get all these things actually trying to get all these things. To work well where it's to work well where it's to work well where it's a very high friction to try and game it. A very high friction to try and game it a very high friction to try and game it but it also is really low friction if. But it also is really low friction if but it also is really low friction if you're just trying to use it. You're just trying to use it you're just trying to use it it's a lot of fun it's quite challenging. It's a lot of fun it's quite challenging it's a lot of fun it's quite challenging. To build an application like this to build an application like this to build an application like this. Where it actually works but it's been a where it actually works but it's been a where it actually works but it's been a. Ton of fun super excited to see what the ton of fun super excited to see what the. Ton of fun super excited to see what the future future future of it holds again as you have feedback. Of it holds again as you have feedback of it holds again as you have feedback be sure and leave it go through these. be sure and leave it go through these be sure and leave it go through these. Challenges the first one challenges the first one challenges the first one on the public network is launching . On the public network is launching on the public network is launching this this next monday so. This this next monday so this this next monday so all right if there are no questions. All right if there are no questions all right if there are no questions thank you all for for. Thank you all for for thank you all for for watching this has been a lot of fun watching this has been a lot of fun. Watching this has been a lot of fun looking forward to to actually launching looking forward to to actually launching. Looking forward to to actually launching this this this live make sure again mark calendars get. Live make sure again mark calendars get live make sure again mark calendars get out there. Out there out there and good luck and good luck and good luck good luck bye.
