Good good morning still our community or afternoon morning still our community or afternoon. Morning still our community or afternoon wherever you may happen to be evening I wherever you may happen to be evening I. Wherever you may happen to be evening I don't know bill the night it's worth it don't know bill the night it's worth it. Don't know bill the night it's worth it to show up for this this is the first of to show up for this this is the first of. To show up for this this is the first of our Stellar engineering talks our Stellar engineering talks. Our Stellar engineering talks my name is Tyler van der Hooven and my name is Tyler van der Hooven and. My name is Tyler van der Hooven and we're gonna be talking about practical we're gonna be talking about practical. We're gonna be talking about practical path payments today if you have path payments today if you have. Path payments today if you have questions along the way or already have questions along the way or already have. Questions along the way or already have questions we have two places where you questions we have two places where you. Questions we have two places where you can put in your questions either on the can put in your questions either on the. Can put in your questions either on the Stellar events page Stellar org forward Stellar events page Stellar org forward. Stellar events page Stellar org forward slash events click on the practical path slash events click on the practical path. Slash events click on the practical path payments and then the bottom right-hand payments and then the bottom right-hand. Payments and then the bottom right-hand corner is a little box where you can ask corner is a little box where you can ask. Corner is a little box where you can ask some questions or if you are tuning in some questions or if you are tuning in. Some questions or if you are tuning in via YouTube you can just ask your via YouTube you can just ask your. Via YouTube you can just ask your questions there in the chat and we will questions there in the chat and we will. Questions there in the chat and we will get to those closer to the end the goal get to those closer to the end the goal. Get to those closer to the end the goal here with our engineering talks is to here with our engineering talks is to. Here with our engineering talks is to have relatively short and very pointed have relatively short and very pointed. Have relatively short and very pointed discussions around specific aspects of discussions around specific aspects of. Discussions around specific aspects of the Stellar blockchain so today we'll be the Stellar blockchain so today we'll be. The Stellar blockchain so today we'll be talking about path payments so a path payment is a means of it's a. So a path payment is a means of it's a payment right so if you've ever used payment right so if you've ever used. Payment right so if you've ever used payments on Stellar or you're payments on Stellar or you're. Payments on Stellar or you're essentially just passing a set a from essentially just passing a set a from. Essentially just passing a set a from holiday to why would be that they holiday to why would be that they. Holiday to why would be that they receive the same asset so this is very receive the same asset so this is very. Receive the same asset so this is very common this is the way we think about common this is the way we think about. Common this is the way we think about payments today I have a dollar and I payments today I have a dollar and I. Payments today I have a dollar and I give you that dollar and we've just made give you that dollar and we've just made. Give you that dollar and we've just made a payment a path payment is quite a payment a path payment is quite. A payment a path payment is quite different and I think I believe path different and I think I believe path. Different and I think I believe path name is to be one of the most name is to be one of the most. Name is to be one of the most interesting and important aspects of interesting and important aspects of. Interesting and important aspects of this teller blockchain and there's this teller blockchain and there's. This teller blockchain and there's nothing necessarily new or incredibly nothing necessarily new or incredibly. Nothing necessarily new or incredibly different about path payments but what different about path payments but what. Different about path payments but what they allow you to do with with their they allow you to do with with their. They allow you to do with with their very tight packaging the the feature very tight packaging the the feature. Very tight packaging the the feature that is a path payment kind of pulls that is a path payment kind of pulls. That is a path payment kind of pulls together a lot of different aspects of together a lot of different aspects of. Together a lot of different aspects of payments and order books and allows you payments and order books and allows you. Payments and order books and allows you to do things that you really couldn't to do things that you really couldn't. To do things that you really couldn't otherwise do without a lot of headache otherwise do without a lot of headache. Otherwise do without a lot of headache so as we start to think about path so as we start to think about path. So as we start to think about path payments it really should get your payments it really should get your. Payments it really should get your wheels turning on oh I wonder if I could wheels turning on oh I wonder if I could. Wheels turning on oh I wonder if I could do X Y Z or oh this really allows do X Y Z or oh this really allows. Do X Y Z or oh this really allows something that we hadn't really hadn't something that we hadn't really hadn't. Something that we hadn't really hadn't really had the ability or capability to really had the ability or capability to. Really had the ability or capability to do so it's this idea of transferring do so it's this idea of transferring. Do so it's this idea of transferring value not just assets understanding and value not just assets understanding and. Value not just assets understanding and making use of one of sellers most making use of one of sellers most. Making use of one of sellers most powerful Sevilla weapons a path payment powerful Sevilla weapons a path payment. Powerful Sevilla weapons a path payment is a payment made through the Dex the is a payment made through the Dex the. Is a payment made through the Dex the distributed Stellar distributed exchange distributed Stellar distributed exchange. Distributed Stellar distributed exchange or decentralized exchange that probably or decentralized exchange that probably. Or decentralized exchange that probably doesn't make any sense but let's let's doesn't make any sense but let's let's. Doesn't make any sense but let's let's kind of walk through a little bit so kind of walk through a little bit so. Kind of walk through a little bit so vanilla pod payments we've already our vanilla pod payments we've already our. Vanilla pod payments we've already our vanilla payments we've already talked vanilla payments we've already talked. Vanilla payments we've already talked about that a little bit traditional about that a little bit traditional. About that a little bit traditional standard payments simply move an asset standard payments simply move an asset. Standard payments simply move an asset from address a to be nothing fancy you from address a to be nothing fancy you. From address a to be nothing fancy you have any asset and you make a payment to have any asset and you make a payment to. Have any asset and you make a payment to your friend who will receive any of your friend who will receive any of. Your friend who will receive any of those houses that you sent them nothing those houses that you sent them nothing. Those houses that you sent them nothing fancy they're very essential but they fancy they're very essential but they. Fancy they're very essential but they are simple basic boring and I think if are simple basic boring and I think if. Are simple basic boring and I think if we only think of payments in that way we only think of payments in that way. We only think of payments in that way we're missing a huge part of what we're missing a huge part of what. We're missing a huge part of what Stellar allows us to do so incomes path Stellar allows us to do so incomes path. Stellar allows us to do so incomes path payments path payments move your asset payments path payments move your asset. Payments path payments move your asset you're given asset through the you're given asset through the. You're given asset through the decentralized exchange before arriving decentralized exchange before arriving. Decentralized exchange before arriving at the final destination so we'll walk at the final destination so we'll walk. At the final destination so we'll walk through some examples of what that means through some examples of what that means. Through some examples of what that means but essentially if vanilla payments move. But essentially if vanilla payments move but essentially if vanilla payments move. Assets path payments move value and assets path payments move value and assets path payments move value and. That's that's fun that's a fundamentally that's that's fun that's a fundamentally. That's that's fun that's a fundamentally important thing to understand when I'm important thing to understand when I'm. Important thing to understand when I'm trying to think through what a path trying to think through what a path. Trying to think through what a path payment is that you have an asset you're payment is that you have an asset you're. Payment is that you have an asset you're not just trying to move an asset from not just trying to move an asset from. Not just trying to move an asset from someone to somebody else you're moving someone to somebody else you're moving. Someone to somebody else you're moving the value of that asset so whatever is the value of that asset so whatever is. The value of that asset so whatever is behind whatever that asset allows you to behind whatever that asset allows you to. Behind whatever that asset allows you to do whether that's buying groceries are do whether that's buying groceries are. Do whether that's buying groceries are paying rent or buying a house or maybe paying rent or buying a house or maybe. Paying rent or buying a house or maybe it is the house whatever that value is it is the house whatever that value is. It is the house whatever that value is you're how do I move that value to to you're how do I move that value to to. You're how do I move that value to to the the third party via the other person the the third party via the other person. The the third party via the other person that I want to pay as opposed to just that I want to pay as opposed to just. That I want to pay as opposed to just moving the asset so if you have USD as moving the asset so if you have USD as. Moving the asset so if you have USD as an example here USD exilim or a gold an example here USD exilim or a gold. An example here USD exilim or a gold token you make it past a manure and who token you make it past a manure and who. Token you make it past a manure and who can receive any of those any one of any can receive any of those any one of any. Can receive any of those any one of any asset on the order book the value of asset on the order book the value of. Asset on the order book the value of that thing so I may pay you with US that thing so I may pay you with US. That thing so I may pay you with US Dollars and it goes through these Dollars and it goes through these. Dollars and it goes through these different paths of maybe a pizza token different paths of maybe a pizza token. Different paths of maybe a pizza token which then goes to a gold token and which then goes to a gold token and. Which then goes to a gold token and finally arriving in in your wallet as a finally arriving in in your wallet as a. Finally arriving in in your wallet as a euro token this obviously is gonna euro token this obviously is gonna. Euro token this obviously is gonna require some order book stuff to make require some order book stuff to make. Require some order book stuff to make that happen and we'll take a look again that happen and we'll take a look again. That happen and we'll take a look again in a moment about what those things are in a moment about what those things are. In a moment about what those things are but essentially you never hold euros and but essentially you never hold euros and. But essentially you never hold euros and your friend never holds USD in this your friend never holds USD in this. Your friend never holds USD in this example that I just showed never latigo example that I just showed never latigo. Example that I just showed never latigo stiva the value of my USD has arrived stiva the value of my USD has arrived. Stiva the value of my USD has arrived safely through the asset paths a pizza safely through the asset paths a pizza. Safely through the asset paths a pizza and gold in that case to this in this and gold in that case to this in this. And gold in that case to this in this final payment to you so you foresee the final payment to you so you foresee the. Final payment to you so you foresee the value of my USD you've just received it value of my USD you've just received it. Value of my USD you've just received it in a euro token so let's take some let's in a euro token so let's take some let's. In a euro token so let's take some let's take a look at the practical aspect take a look at the practical aspect. Take a look at the practical aspect again you might be thinking that sounds again you might be thinking that sounds. Again you might be thinking that sounds interesting but I don't know exactly how interesting but I don't know exactly how. Interesting but I don't know exactly how that helps me either as a user or a that helps me either as a user or a. That helps me either as a user or a developer of an application so let's developer of an application so let's. Developer of an application so let's take a look at a market order on TV so take a look at a market order on TV so. Take a look at a market order on TV so this is something that is very common in this is something that is very common in. This is something that is very common in other exchanges where you can just make other exchanges where you can just make. Other exchanges where you can just make market orders right so inside of our market orders right so inside of our. Market orders right so inside of our    kiba's wallet here we are going to make. Kiba's wallet here we are going to make kiba's wallet here we are going to make a payment this I recently discovered. A payment this I recently discovered a payment this I recently discovered this this is quite fantastic use of path. This this is quite fantastic use of path this this is quite fantastic use of path. Payment so I'm just going to pay myself payment so I'm just going to pay myself payment so I'm just going to pay myself. So most the time when we think of so most the time when we think of so most the time when we think of. Payments we're paying somebody else but payments we're paying somebody else but payments we're paying somebody else but. I'm actually going to pay myself I'm I'm actually going to pay myself I'm I'm actually going to pay myself I'm. Going to send other assets so this would going to send other assets so this would. Going to send other assets so this would just be the standard payment flow if we just be the standard payment flow if we. Just be the standard payment flow if we click on send some other asset I would click on send some other asset I would. Click on send some other asset I would like to receive u.s. dollars let's say I like to receive u.s. dollars let's say I. Like to receive u.s. dollars let's say I want to get five and I want to send want to get five and I want to send. Want to get five and I want to send excellent so this is essentially I'm excellent so this is essentially I'm. Excellent so this is essentially I'm going to send 107 xlm to receive five US going to send 107 xlm to receive five US. Going to send 107 xlm to receive five US dollars and so this will be a market dollars and so this will be a market. Dollars and so this will be a market order that essentially I pay a hundred order that essentially I pay a hundred. Order that essentially I pay a hundred and seven lumens and I'm going to get in and seven lumens and I'm going to get in. And seven lumens and I'm going to get in exchange for that five dollars so this exchange for that five dollars so this. Exchange for that five dollars so this is a market order that I can use to pay is a market order that I can use to pay. Is a market order that I can use to pay myself five dollars without ever myself five dollars without ever. Myself five dollars without ever touching an exchange all I did was spend touching an exchange all I did was spend. Touching an exchange all I did was spend time in a basic wallet interface in am time in a basic wallet interface in am. Time in a basic wallet interface in am able to receive other assets any of able to receive other assets any of. Able to receive other assets any of these assets that I've created a trust these assets that I've created a trust. These assets that I've created a trust line for so hopefully that will go line for so hopefully that will go. Line for so hopefully that will go through and we will receive some of through and we will receive some of. Through and we will receive some of those tokens sweet we've gotten our five those tokens sweet we've gotten our five. Those tokens sweet we've gotten our five US Dollars and we spent we spent those US Dollars and we spent we spent those. US Dollars and we spent we spent those one hundred and seven lumens to receive one hundred and seven lumens to receive. One hundred and seven lumens to receive to receive those five US dollar tokens to receive those five US dollar tokens. To receive those five US dollar tokens so fantastic we've achieved market so fantastic we've achieved market. So fantastic we've achieved market orders through path names we never had orders through path names we never had. Orders through path names we never had to touch in exchange and that's the to touch in exchange and that's the. To touch in exchange and that's the beauty ever right so an exchange did beauty ever right so an exchange did. Beauty ever right so an exchange did happen and an order book was touched I happen and an order book was touched I. Happen and an order book was touched I just didn't have to do it manually it just didn't have to do it manually it. Just didn't have to do it manually it happened in the background through the happened in the background through the. Happened in the background through the path famous write an order on the order path famous write an order on the order. Path famous write an order on the order book of us of the anchor USD tokens was book of us of the anchor USD tokens was. Book of us of the anchor USD tokens was consumed a hundred and seven lumens were consumed a hundred and seven lumens were. Consumed a hundred and seven lumens were spent on somebody somebody had an order spent on somebody somebody had an order. Spent on somebody somebody had an order out there that said I'm willing to take out there that said I'm willing to take. Out there that said I'm willing to take 107 lumens in exchange for five US 107 lumens in exchange for five US. 107 lumens in exchange for five US dollars I didn't know who they were I dollars I didn't know who they were I. Dollars I didn't know who they were I don't care who they are I just want to don't care who they are I just want to. Don't care who they are I just want to get five US Dollars and I willing to get five US Dollars and I willing to. Get five US Dollars and I willing to spend hundreds of lives to to get that spend hundreds of lives to to get that. Spend hundreds of lives to to get that the other obvious example is to make a the other obvious example is to make a. The other obvious example is to make a payment to somebody else and we can use payment to somebody else and we can use. Payment to somebody else and we can use the same key base flow to achieve that the same key base flow to achieve that. The same key base flow to achieve that now we've got some some US dollar tokens now we've got some some US dollar tokens. Now we've got some some US dollar tokens we can pay let's pay our our good friend. We can pay let's pay our our good friend we can pay let's pay our our good friend. Colton send some other assets let's see Colton send some other assets let's see Colton send some other assets let's see. What he accepts he accepts Bitcoin sorry what he accepts he accepts Bitcoin sorry. What he accepts he accepts Bitcoin sorry buddy I'm not going to give you one buddy I'm not going to give you one. Buddy I'm not going to give you one Bitcoin but let's see it okay we don't Bitcoin but let's see it okay we don't. Bitcoin but let's see it okay we don't wanna make it wealthy off of this and wanna make it wealthy off of this and. Wanna make it wealthy off of this and let's use our five US dollar tokens let's use our five US dollar tokens. Let's use our five US dollar tokens let's see we have to send three point let's see we have to send three point. Let's see we have to send three point forward US dollar tokens forward US dollar tokens. Forward US dollar tokens to get to pick one it actually looks to get to pick one it actually looks. To get to pick one it actually looks like it's consuming a couple of like it's consuming a couple of. Like it's consuming a couple of different paths so it's going to go to different paths so it's going to go to. Different paths so it's going to go to actually arrive in Colton's wallet as actually arrive in Colton's wallet as. Actually arrive in Colton's wallet as the 0.005 Bitcoin it's going to go the 0.005 Bitcoin it's going to go. The 0.005 Bitcoin it's going to go through a couple of different order through a couple of different order. Through a couple of different order books couple different order paths to books couple different order paths to. Books couple different order paths to get there I don't care about any of that get there I don't care about any of that. Get there I don't care about any of that but can you imagine trying to go into but can you imagine trying to go into. But can you imagine trying to go into all of these order books to actually all of these order books to actually. All of these order books to actually make this exchange happen I mean for one make this exchange happen I mean for one. Make this exchange happen I mean for one time would be involved and so the rate time would be involved and so the rate. Time would be involved and so the rate is probably going to be different is probably going to be different. Is probably going to be different between all that but then it's also just between all that but then it's also just. Between all that but then it's also just very difficult to make that happen you very difficult to make that happen you. Very difficult to make that happen you could do it and it could be manual and could do it and it could be manual and. Could do it and it could be manual and it could work but wouldn't it be really it could work but wouldn't it be really. It could work but wouldn't it be really nice if all of this could just happen in nice if all of this could just happen in. Nice if all of this could just happen in a single payment never having to touch a single payment never having to touch. A single payment never having to touch an order book and I can do all of this an order book and I can do all of this. An order book and I can do all of this from the comfort of my key base wallet we are sending him too few offers looks. We are sending him too few offers looks like it looks like our payment failed like it looks like our payment failed. Like it looks like our payment failed probably we took too long to to get it probably we took too long to to get it. Probably we took too long to to get it there we'll try it one more time there we'll try it one more time. There we'll try it one more time sometimes these payments could fail if sometimes these payments could fail if. Sometimes these payments could fail if if one of the order books isn't all that if one of the order books isn't all that. If one of the order books isn't all that liquid so I don't know how liquid the liquid so I don't know how liquid the. Liquid so I don't know how liquid the Bitcoin market is I also don't know how Bitcoin market is I also don't know how. Bitcoin market is I also don't know how key base is doing there pathfinding key base is doing there pathfinding. Key base is doing there pathfinding we'll try this one more time if it we'll try this one more time if it. We'll try this one more time if it doesn't work I'll just use my lumens doesn't work I'll just use my lumens. Doesn't work I'll just use my lumens again hope a that time again hope a that time. Again hope a that time succeeded nice so an interesting thing succeeded nice so an interesting thing. Succeeded nice so an interesting thing here if we go to Colton's address and we here if we go to Colton's address and we. Here if we go to Colton's address and we pop this into Stellar expert here this pop this into Stellar expert here this. Pop this into Stellar expert here this is on the public network we should see is on the public network we should see. Is on the public network we should see OOP we should see that he's got himself OOP we should see that he's got himself. OOP we should see that he's got himself some some Bitcoin tokens that we just some some Bitcoin tokens that we just. Some some Bitcoin tokens that we just paid him from our address and we can paid him from our address and we can. Paid him from our address and we can even see the past that that went through even see the past that that went through. Even see the past that that went through if we look up this operation yeah so you. If we look up this operation yeah so you if we look up this operation yeah so you. Can see all the trades that were can see all the trades that were can see all the trades that were. Consumed to consumed to consumed to to make that possible pretty pretty to make that possible pretty pretty. To make that possible pretty pretty interesting but just a very again a very interesting but just a very again a very. Interesting but just a very again a very basic example of doing something it basic example of doing something it. Basic example of doing something it would be incredibly complex to do would be incredibly complex to do. Would be incredibly complex to do manually and something that maybe we do manually and something that maybe we do. Manually and something that maybe we do sometimes right where we want to make sometimes right where we want to make. Sometimes right where we want to make exchanges through different assets to exchanges through different assets to. Exchanges through different assets to arrive at a final payment the way we can arrive at a final payment the way we can. Arrive at a final payment the way we can do that very simply through just the in do that very simply through just the in. Do that very simply through just the in this case the key base exchange or the this case the key base exchange or the. This case the key base exchange or the key base wallet so last but not least a key base wallet so last but not least a. Key base wallet so last but not least a quote-unquote Enterprise example if we quote-unquote Enterprise example if we. Quote-unquote Enterprise example if we were to go to I've got a path payment were to go to I've got a path payment. Were to go to I've got a path payment example demo set up that I use to help example demo set up that I use to help. Example demo set up that I use to help explain sort of the enterprise idea of explain sort of the enterprise idea of. Explain sort of the enterprise idea of path payments and when I say enterprise path payments and when I say enterprise. Path payments and when I say enterprise I really just mean all of the pieces so I really just mean all of the pieces so. I really just mean all of the pieces so we're just gonna go and create so we we're just gonna go and create so we. We're just gonna go and create so we have this market right so they're assets have this market right so they're assets. Have this market right so they're assets where things have to move if I want to where things have to move if I want to. Where things have to move if I want to be able to send US dollars the value of be able to send US dollars the value of. Be able to send US dollars the value of US dollars to my friend and have it US dollars to my friend and have it. US dollars to my friend and have it arrived as euro tokens that requires arrived as euro tokens that requires. Arrived as euro tokens that requires that there be order books set up for that there be order books set up for. That there be order books set up for both of those things both of those things both of those things. Both USD and euros so we'll need to make both USD and euros so we'll need to make. Both USD and euros so we'll need to make markets if we have a market maker here markets if we have a market maker here. Markets if we have a market maker here he's going to need we're going to need he's going to need we're going to need. He's going to need we're going to need somebody out there that has USD tokens somebody out there that has USD tokens. Somebody out there that has USD tokens and euro tokens and is putting those out an order book. And is putting those out an order book which can then be consumed where is this which can then be consumed where is this. Which can then be consumed where is this path between US dollar to euros can path between US dollar to euros can. Path between US dollar to euros can somehow happen because it doesn't happen somehow happen because it doesn't happen. Somehow happen because it doesn't happen magically it happens off of orders that magically it happens off of orders that. Magically it happens off of orders that are already on exchanges already on the are already on exchanges already on the. Are already on exchanges already on the decentralized exchange books so now we decentralized exchange books so now we. Decentralized exchange books so now we have US dollar and euro markets made so have US dollar and euro markets made so. Have US dollar and euro markets made so let's create our wallet in our friends let's create our wallet in our friends. Let's create our wallet in our friends wallet here with the example again of wallet here with the example again of. Wallet here with the example again of we're going to have US dollars here and we're going to have US dollars here and. We're going to have US dollars here and we want our friend to receive euros so we want our friend to receive euros so. We want our friend to receive euros so we're going to purchase with our xlm we're going to purchase with our xlm. We're going to purchase with our xlm we're going to purchase a few US dollar we're going to purchase a few US dollar. We're going to purchase a few US dollar tokens will notice the books over here tokens will notice the books over here. Tokens will notice the books over here will start to change we just spent some will start to change we just spent some. Will start to change we just spent some xlm to get some euros so we'll see the xlm to get some euros so we'll see the. Xlm to get some euros so we'll see the books over here looks like we just books over here looks like we just. Books over here looks like we just bought some US dollars with our xlm so bought some US dollars with our xlm so. Bought some US dollars with our xlm so we have just under 25 there and if we we have just under 25 there and if we. We have just under 25 there and if we click send it's going to create the click send it's going to create the. Click send it's going to create the trust line on our friends account and trust line on our friends account and. Trust line on our friends account and then take the US dollars over to the then take the US dollars over to the. Then take the US dollars over to the order book here turn them back into xlm order book here turn them back into xlm. Order book here turn them back into xlm so that it can go from xlm to euros and so that it can go from xlm to euros and. So that it can go from xlm to euros and then send those euros to our friend but then send those euros to our friend but. Then send those euros to our friend but we never accept euros and our friend we never accept euros and our friend. We never accept euros and our friend never gets US dollar it goes through the never gets US dollar it goes through the. Never gets US dollar it goes through the books to get there and our market maker books to get there and our market maker. Books to get there and our market maker is the one who receives euro into US is the one who receives euro into US. Is the one who receives euro into US dollar and X align so we'll click that dollar and X align so we'll click that. Dollar and X align so we'll click that that'll create the trust land on her that'll create the trust land on her. That'll create the trust land on her friends account friends account friends account. I didn't create the books if we look at I didn't create the books if we look at I didn't create the books if we look at. Our books over here I think we'll see our books over here I think we'll see our books over here I think we'll see. This one change and this one yeah so this one change and this one yeah so this one change and this one yeah so. We've gone through the order books and we've gone through the order books and we've gone through the order books and. Our friend has received 10 euros we've our friend has received 10 euros we've our friend has received 10 euros we've. Spent some US dollars to make that spent some US dollars to make that spent some US dollars to make that. Happen and we can see over here that the happen and we can see over here that the. Happen and we can see over here that the excellent value for a market maker has excellent value for a market maker has. Excellent value for a market maker has been up he's starting to make a little been up he's starting to make a little. Been up he's starting to make a little bit of lumen profit hopefully if the bit of lumen profit hopefully if the. Bit of lumen profit hopefully if the spread here is is good market makers can spread here is is good market makers can. Spread here is is good market makers can make money off of the spread as users make money off of the spread as users. Make money off of the spread as users send path payments or use the books to send path payments or use the books to. Send path payments or use the books to send those path payments so that's send those path payments so that's. Send those path payments so that's pretty pretty interesting and so those pretty pretty interesting and so those. Pretty pretty interesting and so those are three kind of basic examples but are three kind of basic examples but. Are three kind of basic examples but also very powerful examples of how you also very powerful examples of how you. Also very powerful examples of how you can use PAP payments right now if you're can use PAP payments right now if you're. Can use PAP payments right now if you're interested in seeing the code behind interested in seeing the code behind. Interested in seeing the code behind this it's open source there'll be links this it's open source there'll be links. This it's open source there'll be links in the description of this video in the description of this video. In the description of this video where you can go and play it play around where you can go and play it play around. Where you can go and play it play around with this enterprise example our good with this enterprise example our good. With this enterprise example our good friend Colton also has a very good friend Colton also has a very good. Friend Colton also has a very good document explainer on path payments that document explainer on path payments that. Document explainer on path payments that he wrote up so make sure and go and he wrote up so make sure and go and. He wrote up so make sure and go and check that out if you have further check that out if you have further. Check that out if you have further questions there enterprise example I mean I'm not gonna. Enterprise example I mean I'm not gonna walk through all this if you want to walk through all this if you want to. Walk through all this if you want to take a screenshot or spend some time take a screenshot or spend some time. Take a screenshot or spend some time reading about this this is kind of our reading about this this is kind of our. Reading about this this is kind of our bullet point list of where the bullet point list of where the. Bullet point list of where the interesting parts are in path payments interesting parts are in path payments. Interesting parts are in path payments as well as just kind of an explainer on as well as just kind of an explainer on. As well as just kind of an explainer on why I think path payments are so why I think path payments are so. Why I think path payments are so valuable and I'm a very interesting use valuable and I'm a very interesting use. Valuable and I'm a very interesting use case kind of here at the end right I case kind of here at the end right I. Case kind of here at the end right I would like to see market makers actually would like to see market makers actually. Would like to see market makers actually being made from within applications so being made from within applications so. Being made from within applications so the yet when you when you switch off the yet when you when you switch off. The yet when you when you switch off from assets being the thing that you from assets being the thing that you. From assets being the thing that you want to the value being the thing that want to the value being the thing that. Want to the value being the thing that you want when you can actually transact you want when you can actually transact. You want when you can actually transact in value versus assets like why don't in in value versus assets like why don't in. In value versus assets like why don't in my bank account light up why don't I my bank account light up why don't I. My bank account light up why don't I have you know Canadian dollars and have you know Canadian dollars and. Have you know Canadian dollars and Australian dollars and euros and was Australian dollars and euros and was. Australian dollars and euros and was because those things are valuable to me because those things are valuable to me. Because those things are valuable to me because I can't use them because I can't use them. Because I can't use them because I can't make trend I can't do because I can't make trend I can't do. Because I can't make trend I can't do transactions in them I can't go to the transactions in them I can't go to the. Transactions in them I can't go to the grocery store and buy groceries with grocery store and buy groceries with. Grocery store and buy groceries with Canadian dollars I need US dollars but Canadian dollars I need US dollars but. Canadian dollars I need US dollars but once you have path payments I absolutely once you have path payments I absolutely. Once you have path payments I absolutely can make payments with Canadian dollars can make payments with Canadian dollars. Can make payments with Canadian dollars because I can make a path payment and because I can make a path payment and. Because I can make a path payment and wherever I'm spending my money I just wherever I'm spending my money I just. Wherever I'm spending my money I just say hey I've got Canadian dollars but at say hey I've got Canadian dollars but at. Say hey I've got Canadian dollars but at the end of the day I would like the the end of the day I would like the. The end of the day I would like the payment to be made to be received in payment to be made to be received in. Payment to be made to be received in u.s. dollars and so long as they're u.s. dollars and so long as they're. U.s. dollars and so long as they're active markets for whatever the asset active markets for whatever the asset. Active markets for whatever the asset that I hold are so long as that's a that I hold are so long as that's a. That I hold are so long as that's a value by somebody I'm willing to hold value by somebody I'm willing to hold. Value by somebody I'm willing to hold that and so wouldn't it be interesting that and so wouldn't it be interesting. That and so wouldn't it be interesting if an application took advantage of that if an application took advantage of that. If an application took advantage of that fact that it's it's not the assets that fact that it's it's not the assets that. Fact that it's it's not the assets that are valuable it's the value that those are valuable it's the value that those. Are valuable it's the value that those assets represent and let's begin to assets represent and let's begin to. Assets represent and let's begin to transact in the value and the liquidity transact in the value and the liquidity. Transact in the value and the liquidity can be created through a volume of users can be created through a volume of users. Can be created through a volume of users rather than a volume of assets I guess rather than a volume of assets I guess. Rather than a volume of assets I guess there still is volume of assets but there still is volume of assets but. There still is volume of assets but there's no longer this limitation this there's no longer this limitation this. There's no longer this limitation this this some localized a limitation of I this some localized a limitation of I. This some localized a limitation of I can only use this asset as far as my can only use this asset as far as my. Can only use this asset as far as my feet can walk and my car can drive it's feet can walk and my car can drive it's. Feet can walk and my car can drive it's now I'm willing to hold asset so long as now I'm willing to hold asset so long as. Now I'm willing to hold asset so long as they're valued by somebody somewhere they're valued by somebody somewhere. They're valued by somebody somewhere which is quite interesting okay which is quite interesting okay. Which is quite interesting okay obviously there's a lot more we could obviously there's a lot more we could. Obviously there's a lot more we could talk about but we'll leave it there for talk about but we'll leave it there for. Talk about but we'll leave it there for now I'll answer any questions that now I'll answer any questions that. Now I'll answer any questions that people have and then as you begin to people have and then as you begin to. People have and then as you begin to develop or have other questions make develop or have other questions make. Develop or have other questions make sure sure sure I'm on key base and Twitter so ask. I'm on key base and Twitter so ask I'm on key base and Twitter so ask questions there I'm around a lot it's my. Questions there I'm around a lot it's my questions there I'm around a lot it's my. Job to answer questions and hope you job to answer questions and hope you job to answer questions and hope you. Could assist and implement these things could assist and implement these things could assist and implement these things. So feel free to reach out let's see so feel free to reach out let's see so feel free to reach out let's see. We've got one question here the atomic we've got one question here the atomic we've got one question here the atomic. Nature of path payments and what that nature of path payments and what that nature of path payments and what that. Means so atomic is really that something means so atomic is really that something. Means so atomic is really that something happens all at once that there's not happens all at once that there's not. Happens all at once that there's not this process this manual or time-based this process this manual or time-based. This process this manual or time-based process of okay now we're going to do process of okay now we're going to do. Process of okay now we're going to do this and then in 10 seconds later we're this and then in 10 seconds later we're. This and then in 10 seconds later we're going to do this and then we're gonna do going to do this and then we're gonna do. Going to do this and then we're gonna do this and this and this it all happens in. This and this and this it all happens in this and this and this it all happens in. One package where all of the the pieces one package where all of the the pieces one package where all of the the pieces. In this case of a pain moving through in this case of a pain moving through in this case of a pain moving through. Assets moving through different order assets moving through different order assets moving through different order. Books they're all happening within a books they're all happening within a books they're all happening within a. Single transaction so when when you look single transaction so when when you look. Single transaction so when when you look at that path payment that I sent to at that path payment that I sent to. At that path payment that I sent to Colton it consumed a lot of different Colton it consumed a lot of different. Colton it consumed a lot of different order books that we're offering order books that we're offering. Order books that we're offering different assets and so as that value different assets and so as that value. Different assets and so as that value moves from exo-m to US dollar from US moves from exo-m to US dollar from US. Moves from exo-m to US dollar from US dollar to Nigerian naira from Nigerian dollar to Nigerian naira from Nigerian. Dollar to Nigerian naira from Nigerian naira to euro tokens or figure until naira to euro tokens or figure until. Naira to euro tokens or figure until khun's back to whatever asset you want khun's back to whatever asset you want. Khun's back to whatever asset you want it's doing all of that within a single it's doing all of that within a single. It's doing all of that within a single operation within a single series of operation within a single series of. Operation within a single series of payments so instead of within Stellar payments so instead of within Stellar. Payments so instead of within Stellar you've got this concept of Ledger's so you've got this concept of Ledger's so. You've got this concept of Ledger's so every five seconds a new ledger clears every five seconds a new ledger clears. Every five seconds a new ledger clears this whole payment is going to happen this whole payment is going to happen. This whole payment is going to happen within a single ledger which allows the within a single ledger which allows the. Within a single ledger which allows the the the fee structure I guess they're the the fee structure I guess they're. The the fee structure I guess they're like how much of the asset how much of like how much of the asset how much of. Like how much of the asset how much of the final asset is the is the last the final asset is the is the last. The final asset is the is the last person the last leg of the journey and person the last leg of the journey and. Person the last leg of the journey and what are they going to receive that's what are they going to receive that's. What are they going to receive that's relatively stable because it's all relatively stable because it's all. Relatively stable because it's all happening within a single ledger rather happening within a single ledger rather. Happening within a single ledger rather than it being spread across you might than it being spread across you might. Than it being spread across you might look at coin base and say okay a Bitcoin look at coin base and say okay a Bitcoin. Look at coin base and say okay a Bitcoin token is worth X and I've got a u.s. Token is worth X and I've got a u.s. Token is worth X and I've got a u.s. Dollar token and so if I move it through dollar token and so if I move it through. Dollar token and so if I move it through aetherium and then over to aji USD and aetherium and then over to aji USD and. Aetherium and then over to aji USD and then over to USD C so long as I can kind then over to USD C so long as I can kind. Then over to USD C so long as I can kind of do that quickly there's a good chance. Of do that quickly there's a good chance of do that quickly there's a good chance. That maybe it's like this arbitrage type that maybe it's like this arbitrage type. That maybe it's like this arbitrage type thing where I might be able to make a thing where I might be able to make a. Thing where I might be able to make a profit or it might be worth it to do profit or it might be worth it to do. Profit or it might be worth it to do these non-atomic payments flow within these non-atomic payments flow within. These non-atomic payments flow within Stellar because you have this path limit Stellar because you have this path limit. Stellar because you have this path limit acknowledging all of that chaining acknowledging all of that chaining. Acknowledging all of that chaining together is happening together is happening together is happening. All at one time in a single ledger for all at one time in a single ledger for all at one time in a single ledger for. That one payment you have a much greater that one payment you have a much greater. That one payment you have a much greater assurance that the final value of this assurance that the final value of this. Assurance that the final value of this some person might receive which is some person might receive which is. Some person might receive which is fantastic and it also happens very very fantastic and it also happens very very. Fantastic and it also happens very very quickly you don't have to manually go in quickly you don't have to manually go in. Quickly you don't have to manually go in you don't have a bunch of different you don't have a bunch of different. You don't have a bunch of different api's connecting to different exchanges api's connecting to different exchanges. Api's connecting to different exchanges or watching the books and having to or watching the books and having to. Or watching the books and having to cancel or revert something it all just cancel or revert something it all just. Cancel or revert something it all just happens and as you noticed with the with happens and as you noticed with the with. Happens and as you noticed with the with the failure it may have when I when I the failure it may have when I when I. The failure it may have when I when I initially look at the UI within key base initially look at the UI within key base. Initially look at the UI within key base a certain path might exist but then when. A certain path might exist but then when a certain path might exist but then when. I go to actually make that payment it I go to actually make that payment it I go to actually make that payment it. Failed because one of those payments failed because one of those payments failed because one of those payments. That it had looked up was no longer that it had looked up was no longer that it had looked up was no longer. Valid the ledger had consumed it during valid the ledger had consumed it during valid the ledger had consumed it during. The whatever was twenty seconds that I the whatever was twenty seconds that I the whatever was twenty seconds that I. Was watching I was looking at it waiting was watching I was looking at it waiting. Was watching I was looking at it waiting to make that payment and so it failed to make that payment and so it failed. To make that payment and so it failed and that atomic nature's also allows a and that atomic nature's also allows a. And that atomic nature's also allows a level of security which is quite good level of security which is quite good. Level of security which is quite good can people all over the world use it now can people all over the world use it now. Can people all over the world use it now absolutely yeah so anywhere there are absolutely yeah so anywhere there are. Absolutely yeah so anywhere there are assets again you can't just arbitrarily assets again you can't just arbitrarily. Assets again you can't just arbitrarily pick some token I took enough to exist pick some token I took enough to exist. Pick some token I took enough to exist there has to be some level of trades I there has to be some level of trades I. There has to be some level of trades I mean again you saw that payment fail so mean again you saw that payment fail so. Mean again you saw that payment fail so at times there will be books that aren't at times there will be books that aren't. At times there will be books that aren't that liquid that the path is not is not that liquid that the path is not is not. That liquid that the path is not is not good or it's not strong you'll lose too good or it's not strong you'll lose too. Good or it's not strong you'll lose too much value if you actually go to these much value if you actually go to these. Much value if you actually go to these guides that are listed here there's the guides that are listed here there's the. Guides that are listed here there's the stricter strict send and strict receive stricter strict send and strict receive. Stricter strict send and strict receive which basically says the end the end which basically says the end the end. Which basically says the end the end purse the end a receiver has to receive purse the end a receiver has to receive. Purse the end a receiver has to receive X amount or X amount or X amount or the strict send I'm only willing to send. The strict send I'm only willing to send the strict send I'm only willing to send. X amount regardless of what the receive X amount regardless of what the receive X amount regardless of what the receive. Is so there are some safeguards and if is so there are some safeguards and if is so there are some safeguards and if. Those safeguards don't clear then the those safeguards don't clear then the those safeguards don't clear then the. Transaction will fail which is good but transaction will fail which is good but transaction will fail which is good but. Yes anybody can use it it's just a yes anybody can use it it's just a yes anybody can use it it's just a. Matter of part of the assets that I want matter of part of the assets that I want. Matter of part of the assets that I want to send are there is there the quiddity to send are there is there the quiddity. To send are there is there the quiddity is there are there orders on books is there are there orders on books. Is there are there orders on books somewhere for the path to go through somewhere for the path to go through. Somewhere for the path to go through which is again one of the reasons that I which is again one of the reasons that I. Which is again one of the reasons that I think this becomes very interesting when. Think this becomes very interesting when think this becomes very interesting when. Users are also liquidity providers is users are also liquidity providers is users are also liquidity providers is. They're willing to hold assets and put they're willing to hold assets and put they're willing to hold assets and put. Those assets on order books because they those assets on order books because they. Those assets on order books because they recognize that there's opportunity there. Recognize that there's opportunity there recognize that there's opportunity there. To make profit off the spread again to make profit off the spread again to make profit off the spread again. That's going to be a service based thing that's going to be a service based thing. That's going to be a service based thing you know if if a wallet allowed you to you know if if a wallet allowed you to. You know if if a wallet allowed you to do that kind of thing it might be an do that kind of thing it might be an. Do that kind of thing it might be an interest opportunity I don't know but it interest opportunity I don't know but it. Interest opportunity I don't know but it would be quite interesting to explore would be quite interesting to explore. Would be quite interesting to explore that capability of that positive that capability of that positive. That capability of that positive but anybody in the world can use it but anybody in the world can use it. But anybody in the world can use it because it's the decentralized exchange because it's the decentralized exchange. Because it's the decentralized exchange anywhere ever you can connect to Stellar anywhere ever you can connect to Stellar. Anywhere ever you can connect to Stellar you can begin sending these path you can begin sending these path. You can begin sending these path payments and sending yourselves payments and sending yourselves. Payments and sending yourselves marketers etc why does the Center Dex marketers etc why does the Center Dex. Marketers etc why does the Center Dex have lower volume than traditional have lower volume than traditional. Have lower volume than traditional exchanges that's going to be you know exchanges that's going to be you know. Exchanges that's going to be you know the first to market type thing as well the first to market type thing as well. The first to market type thing as well as the kinds of assets they're held as the kinds of assets they're held. As the kinds of assets they're held there again when we're talking about the there again when we're talking about the. There again when we're talking about the quiddity nobody wants their payment to quiddity nobody wants their payment to. Quiddity nobody wants their payment to fail and so until there are the fail and so until there are the. Fail and so until there are the liquidity is kind of like the chicken liquidity is kind of like the chicken. Liquidity is kind of like the chicken and the egg problem users don't want to and the egg problem users don't want to. And the egg problem users don't want to use a an exchange where either the use a an exchange where either the. Use a an exchange where either the prices are bad or the assets that they prices are bad or the assets that they. Prices are bad or the assets that they want don't exist want don't exist want don't exist. But then also businesses don't want to but then also businesses don't want to but then also businesses don't want to. Build a large you know build an build a large you know build an build a large you know build an. Enterprise on top of something where enterprise on top of something where enterprise on top of something where. There are no users so you kind of need there are no users so you kind of need there are no users so you kind of need. Both of these things to happen at the both of these things to happen at the both of these things to happen at the. Same time which is again something I same time which is again something I same time which is again something I. Think is really interesting when it comes to is there a way to kind when it comes to is there a way to kind. Of have both of those things exist at of have both of those things exist at of have both of those things exist at. The same time where users are liquidity the same time where users are liquidity the same time where users are liquidity. Providers and both of these things kind providers and both of these things kind providers and both of these things kind. Of happen at the same time that it of happen at the same time that it of happen at the same time that it. Doesn't necessarily have to be a chicken doesn't necessarily have to be a chicken. Doesn't necessarily have to be a chicken and egg problem that they can the and egg problem that they can the. And egg problem that they can the chicken is the egg weight that seems chicken is the egg weight that seems. Chicken is the egg weight that seems like the analogy breaks down but like the analogy breaks down but. Like the analogy breaks down but hopefully you get the point hopefully you get the point. Hopefully you get the point and it is like the the Stellar Dex is and it is like the the Stellar Dex is. And it is like the the Stellar Dex is becoming more likely to becoming much becoming more likely to becoming much. Becoming more likely to becoming much more active it may be on select markets more active it may be on select markets. More active it may be on select markets but it is becoming much more active I but it is becoming much more active I. But it is becoming much more active I think a big difference is what is the think a big difference is what is the. Think a big difference is what is the distributed exchange on Stellar built distributed exchange on Stellar built. Distributed exchange on Stellar built for is but for payments and sending for is but for payments and sending. For is but for payments and sending assets across borders and that's not assets across borders and that's not. Assets across borders and that's not true of a lot of exchanges which may be true of a lot of exchanges which may be. True of a lot of exchanges which may be more for investments or even for just I more for investments or even for just I. More for investments or even for just I want to move or store value it may be want to move or store value it may be. Want to move or store value it may be speculative and a lot of it's like speculative and a lot of it's like. Speculative and a lot of it's like first-to-market coin base is huge for first-to-market coin base is huge for. First-to-market coin base is huge for stuff like that and by Nance and others stuff like that and by Nance and others. Stuff like that and by Nance and others just by being first to market so it just by being first to market so it. Just by being first to market so it takes takes time to build it up but it takes takes time to build it up but it. Takes takes time to build it up but it so long as you have that liquidity and so long as you have that liquidity and. So long as you have that liquidity and users and applications that are being users and applications that are being. Users and applications that are being built there it definitely happens and it built there it definitely happens and it. Built there it definitely happens and it happens very quickly and a big advantage. Happens very quickly and a big advantage happens very quickly and a big advantage. Of the Stellar exchange is that it's of the Stellar exchange is that it's of the Stellar exchange is that it's. Decentralized there's not one entity decentralized there's not one entity decentralized there's not one entity. That owns control over it which is why that owns control over it which is why that owns control over it which is why. You can begin using it right now today you can begin using it right now today you can begin using it right now today. You don't have to go through a kyc you don't have to go through a kyc you don't have to go through a kyc. Process to start using the HT exchange process to start using the HT exchange process to start using the HT exchange. Which is which is pretty great could we do a course on how to become could we do a course on how to become. A market maker absolutely I would not be a market maker absolutely I would not be. A market maker absolutely I would not be the person to give that talk but we the person to give that talk but we. The person to give that talk but we definitely have folks internally who who definitely have folks internally who who. Definitely have folks internally who who could give talks like that so it's a could give talks like that so it's a. Could give talks like that so it's a it's again it's one of those really it's again it's one of those really. It's again it's one of those really interesting problems that I think we're interesting problems that I think we're. Interesting problems that I think we're really only beginning to understand or really only beginning to understand or. Really only beginning to understand or to see and explore the capabilities and to see and explore the capabilities and. To see and explore the capabilities and possibilities understanding what does possibilities understanding what does. Possibilities understanding what does liquidity mean what is a market maker liquidity mean what is a market maker. Liquidity mean what is a market maker not just traditionally but what could a not just traditionally but what could a. Not just traditionally but what could a market maker be what do we altom utley market maker be what do we altom utley. Market maker be what do we altom utley need for this thing to work that would need for this thing to work that would. Need for this thing to work that would be a really interesting talk one that I be a really interesting talk one that I. Be a really interesting talk one that I would love to sit in on myself would would love to sit in on myself would. Would love to sit in on myself would businesses some people use the system or businesses some people use the system or. Businesses some people use the system or is very different platform for is very different platform for. Is very different platform for businesses now this would be the same businesses now this would be the same. Businesses now this would be the same platform again we're an API software platform again we're an API software. Platform again we're an API software service so we provide the software and service so we provide the software and. Service so we provide the software and then users and enterprises or businesses then users and enterprises or businesses. Then users and enterprises or businesses are going to decide like okay how do we are going to decide like okay how do we. Are going to decide like okay how do we implement this and the way that you implement this and the way that you. Implement this and the way that you implement that might be on a service implement that might be on a service. Implement that might be on a service base layer an API base layer you may base layer an API base layer you may. Base layer an API base layer you may build a company around the way the build a company around the way the. Build a company around the way the pathnames work I think again especially pathnames work I think again especially. Pathnames work I think again especially in like wallet scenarios or venmo where in like wallet scenarios or venmo where. In like wallet scenarios or venmo where cash app type things built on crypto cash app type things built on crypto. Cash app type things built on crypto it'll be really interesting to explore it'll be really interesting to explore. It'll be really interesting to explore how to path payments work I mean just how to path payments work I mean just. How to path payments work I mean just the ability to send cross-border the ability to send cross-border. The ability to send cross-border payments through an app would be amazing payments through an app would be amazing. Payments through an app would be amazing but there is an aspect of that the users. But there is an aspect of that the users but there is an aspect of that the users. Need that to be a thing that exists but need that to be a thing that exists but need that to be a thing that exists but. Then also businesses need to build then also businesses need to build then also businesses need to build. Services that utilize those and then you services that utilize those and then you. Services that utilize those and then you also need anchor providers or this this also need anchor providers or this this. Also need anchor providers or this this on off ramp where people can actually on off ramp where people can actually. On off ramp where people can actually move their US dollar tokens and their move their US dollar tokens and their. Move their US dollar tokens and their euro tokens from the Stellar network to euro tokens from the Stellar network to. Euro tokens from the Stellar network to their bank so that they can buy their bank so that they can buy. Their bank so that they can buy groceries or there needs to be groceries or there needs to be. Groceries or there needs to be implementations at grocery stores that implementations at grocery stores that. Implementations at grocery stores that are willing to accept those as forms of are willing to accept those as forms of. Are willing to accept those as forms of those tokens themselves as forms of those tokens themselves as forms of. Those tokens themselves as forms of payment so you don't necessarily have to payment so you don't necessarily have to. Payment so you don't necessarily have to move into traditional financial move into traditional financial. Move into traditional financial architecture but a lot of that is still architecture but a lot of that is still. Architecture but a lot of that is still exploratory and I think rather than exploratory and I think rather than. Exploratory and I think rather than assuming that we want to build something assuming that we want to build something. Assuming that we want to build something first for the entire world like look at first for the entire world like look at. First for the entire world like look at the problems that are around you or the problems that are around you or. The problems that are around you or problems that you see in the world in problems that you see in the world in. Problems that you see in the world in specific areas and build to solve for specific areas and build to solve for. Specific areas and build to solve for those and almost use that as a test case those and almost use that as a test case. Those and almost use that as a test case to say how can this be used and how can to say how can this be used and how can. To say how can this be used and how can this and improve the lives of a million this and improve the lives of a million. This and improve the lives of a million people and then try and solve for a people and then try and solve for a. People and then try and solve for a billion people so billion people so billion people so. Building something small first and then building something small first and then building something small first and then. Exploring that beyond but yeah like the exploring that beyond but yeah like the exploring that beyond but yeah like the. The functionality of path payments is the functionality of path payments is the functionality of path payments is. Incredible both for from a user incredible both for from a user incredible both for from a user. Perspective and also from a business perspective and also from a business perspective and also from a business. Being able to make money off markets being able to make money off markets being able to make money off markets. Acquitting providers you can also like acquitting providers you can also like acquitting providers you can also like. You now have business access to you now have business access to you now have business access to. Everybody in the world rather than just everybody in the world rather than just everybody in the world rather than just. The West or just where you exist like the West or just where you exist like the West or just where you exist like. You can begin to expand those things out you can begin to expand those things out. You can begin to expand those things out for where you can do business which is for where you can do business which is. For where you can do business which is quite cool all right well that looks quite cool all right well that looks. Quite cool all right well that looks like all the questions I'm seeing so I like all the questions I'm seeing so I. Like all the questions I'm seeing so I really appreciate you all coming out really appreciate you all coming out. Really appreciate you all coming out again if you have further questions or again if you have further questions or. Again if you have further questions or need clarification on anything feel free need clarification on anything feel free. Need clarification on anything feel free to reach out to me on key bass or to reach out to me on key bass or. To reach out to me on key bass or Twitter Twitter Twitter my user name is right there t.y vdh and. My user name is right there t.y vdh and my user name is right there t.y vdh and i'd love to answer any questions again. I'd love to answer any questions again i'd love to answer any questions again thanks so much. Thanks so much thanks so much stay tuned like we do this every two stay tuned like we do this every two. Stay tuned like we do this every two weeks this is the first one but the 24th weeks this is the first one but the 24th. Weeks this is the first one but the 24th Expo two weeks on Friday Expo two weeks on Friday. Expo two weeks on Friday there's going to be an another talk I there's going to be an another talk I. There's going to be an another talk I think Colton is doing it on the think Colton is doing it on the. Think Colton is doing it on the usability of Stellar applications so usability of Stellar applications so. Usability of Stellar applications so another very important problem to solve another very important problem to solve. Another very important problem to solve and aspect that a seller has a lot to and aspect that a seller has a lot to. And aspect that a seller has a lot to help out with so be sure and tune in and help out with so be sure and tune in and. Help out with so be sure and tune in and two weeks for that two weeks for that two weeks for that. Okay-dokey thank you so much for tuning okay-dokey thank you so much for tuning okay-dokey thank you so much for tuning. In and we will see you guys later.
