Good morning everyone or good afternoon good morning everyone or good afternoon or evening wherever you are. Or evening wherever you are or evening wherever you are this is the Soroban design discussion. this is the Soroban design discussion this is the Soroban design discussion. In which we discuss topics related to in which we discuss topics related to in which we discuss topics related to. The Stellar protocol and specifically the Stellar protocol and specifically the Stellar protocol and specifically. Soroban Soroban Soroban and today we're going to keep talking and today we're going to keep talking. And today we're going to keep talking about State expiration so without about State expiration so without. About State expiration so without further Ado I'm just going to hand it further Ado I'm just going to hand it. Further Ado I'm just going to hand it over to Garand yeah so last time we talked about. Yeah so last time we talked about temporary entries and so today I'd like temporary entries and so today I'd like. Temporary entries and so today I'd like to continue that conversation to continue that conversation. To continue that conversation kind of the two biggest topics last time kind of the two biggest topics last time. Kind of the two biggest topics last time were these temporary entries of these were these temporary entries of these. Were these temporary entries of these are entries that have some sort of are entries that have some sort of. Are entries that have some sort of Lifetime and are automatically deleted Lifetime and are automatically deleted. Lifetime and are automatically deleted after that lifetime after that lifetime after that lifetime. Previously we're talking about well in previously we're talking about well in previously we're talking about well in. This lifetime should be an arbitrary this lifetime should be an arbitrary this lifetime should be an arbitrary. Ledger and if we should allow users to Ledger and if we should allow users to Ledger and if we should allow users to. Define an arbitrary Ledger or an Define an arbitrary Ledger or an Define an arbitrary Ledger or an. Arbitrary lifetime or TTL and then the arbitrary lifetime or TTL and then the arbitrary lifetime or TTL and then the. Second issue was whether we should allow second issue was whether we should allow. Second issue was whether we should allow users to extend this TTL and correct me users to extend this TTL and correct me. Users to extend this TTL and correct me if I'm wrong but at least my takeaways if I'm wrong but at least my takeaways. If I'm wrong but at least my takeaways from that conversation last week with from that conversation last week with. From that conversation last week with that extending TTL was definitely a that extending TTL was definitely a. That extending TTL was definitely a required feature and that there seem to required feature and that there seem to. Required feature and that there seem to be some confusion around the interface be some confusion around the interface. Be some confusion around the interface whereas like the temporary entries how whereas like the temporary entries how. Whereas like the temporary entries how like this TTL like this TTL like this TTL you know Ledger sort of talk or as. you know Ledger sort of talk or as you know Ledger sort of talk or as the restorable entries have this you. The restorable entries have this you the restorable entries have this you know rent balance rent fee sort of. Know rent balance rent fee sort of know rent balance rent fee sort of interface and so today I'd like to talk. Interface and so today I'd like to talk interface and so today I'd like to talk about addressing those two issues and. About addressing those two issues and about addressing those two issues and then be working the temporary entry. Then be working the temporary entry then be working the temporary entry interface to hopefully combine the. Interface to hopefully combine the interface to hopefully combine the interfaces and to have like a unified. Interfaces and to have like a unified interfaces and to have like a unified front-on storage. Front-on storage front-on storage and so as far as and so as far as and so as far as. Ttls that are specific in the arbitrary ttls that are specific in the arbitrary ttls that are specific in the arbitrary. Ledgers I think we decided to go against ledgers I think we decided to go against. Ledgers I think we decided to go against that I think the use case for that was that I think the use case for that was. That I think the use case for that was primarily for security reasons say if primarily for security reasons say if. Primarily for security reasons say if you have like a temporary allowance that you have like a temporary allowance that. You have like a temporary allowance that you want to exist for only 10 ledgers no. You want to exist for only 10 ledgers no you want to exist for only 10 ledgers no. More no less I've been an exact TTL to more no less I've been an exact TTL to more no less I've been an exact TTL to. Accomplish that I think however from a accomplish that I think however from a accomplish that I think however from a. Protocol standpoint that's probably a protocol standpoint that's probably a protocol standpoint that's probably a. Little bit of an over specification to a little bit of an over specification to a. Little bit of an over specification to a specific security use case and also specific security use case and also. Specific security use case and also having those specific ttls definitely having those specific ttls definitely. Having those specific ttls definitely degrades Downstream system performance degrades Downstream system performance. Degrades Downstream system performance when it comes to things like Horizon and when it comes to things like Horizon and. When it comes to things like Horizon and RPC and so I think for that particular RPC and so I think for that particular. RPC and so I think for that particular use case it's very easy to implement on use case it's very easy to implement on. Use case it's very easy to implement on the e-smart contacts themselves just to the e-smart contacts themselves just to. The e-smart contacts themselves just to include an exploration Ledger and the include an exploration Ledger and the. Include an exploration Ledger and the strength to actually store then the strength to actually store then the . Strength to actually store then the entry but as far as like a specific entry but as far as like a specific. Entry but as far as like a specific guaranteed TTL expiration Ledger that guaranteed TTL expiration Ledger that. Guaranteed TTL expiration Ledger that seems to be outside the scope of the seems to be outside the scope of the. Seems to be outside the scope of the storage protocol storage protocol storage protocol. but with that in mind I think it but with that in mind I think it but with that in mind I think it. Seemed that just based on the seemed that just based on the seemed that just based on the. Community comments that temporary community comments that temporary community comments that temporary. Entries required a lower bound that was entries required a lower bound that was entries required a lower bound that was. Strict strict strict but the upper bound didn't really but the upper bound didn't really. but the upper bound didn't really matter that much and so and because matter that much and so and because . Matter that much and so and because the lower ground that is like the the lower ground that is like the. The lower ground that is like the minimum lifetime is kind of what's more minimum lifetime is kind of what's more. Minimum lifetime is kind of what's more important here what I've tried to do is important here what I've tried to do is. Important here what I've tried to do is to unify the two interfaces and have to unify the two interfaces and have. To unify the two interfaces and have both temporary entries and restorable both temporary entries and restorable. Both temporary entries and restorable entries have the same type of fee entries have the same type of fee. Entries have the same type of fee structure and have the same type of rent structure and have the same type of rent. Structure and have the same type of rent balance structure and so essentially balance structure and so essentially. Balance structure and so essentially what this interface would do is both what this interface would do is both. What this interface would do is both temporary entries and restorable entries temporary entries and restorable entries. Temporary entries and restorable entries you must pay rent now that works from a you must pay rent now that works from a. You must pay rent now that works from a user perspective is that whenever you user perspective is that whenever you. User perspective is that whenever you create either a temporary entry or a create either a temporary entry or a. Create either a temporary entry or a restorable entry you can Define the restorable entry you can Define the. Restorable entry you can Define the starting Lifetime and so what we'll do starting Lifetime and so what we'll do. Starting Lifetime and so what we'll do is in the SDK will expose these as flags is in the SDK will expose these as flags. Is in the SDK will expose these as flags and so you could have like short medium and so you could have like short medium. And so you could have like short medium and long lifetime or a short lifetime is and long lifetime or a short lifetime is. And long lifetime or a short lifetime is very short on the scale of like you know. Very short on the scale of like you know very short on the scale of like you know. 50 events for less than an hour medium 50 events for less than an hour medium 50 events for less than an hour medium. Lifetime is like you know on the scale lifetime is like you know on the scale lifetime is like you know on the scale. Of several days less than a week and the of several days less than a week and the. Of several days less than a week and the long lifetime is about 30 days and so long lifetime is about 30 days and so. Long lifetime is about 30 days and so this time gives a flexibility for the this time gives a flexibility for the. This time gives a flexibility for the temporary entries as to if you have like temporary entries as to if you have like. Temporary entries as to if you have like Oracle data that's very short-lived you Oracle data that's very short-lived you. Oracle data that's very short-lived you can use short lifetime or if you have can use short lifetime or if you have. Can use short lifetime or if you have something longer lived that you don't something longer lived that you don't. Something longer lived that you don't care if it's still needed and you don't care if it's still needed and you don't. Care if it's still needed and you don't care if it goes to the archive when it care if it goes to the archive when it. Care if it goes to the archive when it runs out of rent then you can do the runs out of rent then you can do the. Runs out of rent then you can do the meat for long term rent meat for long term rent. Meat for long term rent payments now what this does is the short payments now what this does is the short. Payments now what this does is the short medium and long term gives you a medium and long term gives you a. Medium and long term gives you a stripped lower bound and so we can offer stripped lower bound and so we can offer. Stripped lower bound and so we can offer the guarantee that if the short lifetime. The guarantee that if the short lifetime the guarantee that if the short lifetime. Says it'll last 15 minutes that entry says it'll last 15 minutes that entry says it'll last 15 minutes that entry. Will last at least 15 minutes or you will last at least 15 minutes or you will last at least 15 minutes or you. Know The Ledger equivalent now because know The Ledger equivalent now because know The Ledger equivalent now because. The Run feed is variable it's possible the Run feed is variable it's possible the Run feed is variable it's possible. That the entry will live exactly as long that the entry will live exactly as long. That the entry will live exactly as long as we guarantee it will or it could also. As we guarantee it will or it could also as we guarantee it will or it could also. Live longer than that and so I think for live longer than that and so I think for. Live longer than that and so I think for temporary entries if there's a security temporary entries if there's a security. Temporary entries if there's a security use case where you want to expire after use case where you want to expire after. Use case where you want to expire after some amount of time some amount of time some amount of time. and not a cost saving use case then and not a cost saving use case then and not a cost saving use case then. That needs to be implemented on the that needs to be implemented on the that needs to be implemented on the. Smart contract side smart contract side smart contract side now in addition to this initial rent. Now in addition to this initial rent now in addition to this initial rent balance that you can specify via these. Balance that you can specify via these balance that you can specify via these Flags temporary entries are identical. Flags temporary entries are identical Flags temporary entries are identical. To restorable entries with terms of rent to restorable entries with terms of rent. To restorable entries with terms of rent bumps and the rent payment interface bumps and the rent payment interface. Bumps and the rent payment interface what that means is that temporary what that means is that temporary. What that means is that temporary entries receive a small incremental red entries receive a small incremental red. Entries receive a small incremental red bump on every access which means that if bump on every access which means that if. Bump on every access which means that if a temporary entry is frequently accessed. A temporary entry is frequently accessed a temporary entry is frequently accessed. Then it will live for longer than slower then it will live for longer than slower. Then it will live for longer than slower bound and so if you can imagine like the. Bound and so if you can imagine like the bound and so if you can imagine like the. Most extreme example you could create a most extreme example you could create a most extreme example you could create a. Temporary entry with the minimum you temporary entry with the minimum you temporary entry with the minimum you. Know balance or the minimum rent balance know balance or the minimum rent balance. Know balance or the minimum rent balance of say like 15 minutes worth of rent but. Of say like 15 minutes worth of rent but of say like 15 minutes worth of rent but. If that ledger for that entry is very if that ledger for that entry is very if that ledger for that entry is very. Very frequently accessed in those 15 very frequently accessed in those 15 very frequently accessed in those 15. Minutes and it could last for hours days minutes and it could last for hours days. Minutes and it could last for hours days possibly even months and so this is one possibly even months and so this is one. Possibly even months and so this is one of the other side effects of this rent of the other side effects of this rent. Of the other side effects of this rent balance feature but just based on balance feature but just based on. Balance feature but just based on community feedback it's seen that the community feedback it's seen that the. Community feedback it's seen that the lower bound was important to the upper lower bound was important to the upper. Lower bound was important to the upper bound less so bound less so bound less so this also unifies the interfaces. This also unifies the interfaces this also unifies the interfaces additionally in addition to the. Additionally in addition to the additionally in addition to the automatic Grant bumps on temporary. Automatic Grant bumps on temporary automatic Grant bumps on temporary entries you can also do manual wrap. Entries you can also do manual wrap entries you can also do manual wrap bumps on the same way you can storeable. Bumps on the same way you can storeable bumps on the same way you can storeable entries so if a user is motivated to. Entries so if a user is motivated to entries so if a user is motivated to have a specific temporary entry last for. Have a specific temporary entry last for have a specific temporary entry last for. A long time they can pay you the rent a long time they can pay you the rent a long time they can pay you the rent. Fees and do that manually via an fees and do that manually via an fees and do that manually via an. Operation if they want operation if they want operation if they want but now as far as any cost structure. But now as far as any cost structure but now as far as any cost structure because temporary entries are. Because temporary entries are because temporary entries are self-deliving we want to incentivize. Self-deliving we want to incentivize self-deliving we want to incentivize them and so there seem to be issues with. Them and so there seem to be issues with them and so there seem to be issues with. Kind of a archivable fee or like a of a kind of a archivable fee or like a of a kind of a archivable fee or like a of a. Some sort of Base fee for restorable some sort of Base fee for restorable some sort of Base fee for restorable. Entries and so I think with this unified entries and so I think with this unified. Entries and so I think with this unified interface since both are subject to rent. Interface since both are subject to rent interface since both are subject to rent. Both restorable and temporary entries both restorable and temporary entries both restorable and temporary entries. What makes the most sense is that for what makes the most sense is that for what makes the most sense is that for. Temporary entries to be charged at a temporary entries to be charged at a temporary entries to be charged at a. Slightly lower rate slightly lower rate slightly lower rate so for instance so for instance. So for instance you know these aren't the real you know these aren't the real. you know these aren't the real numbers but just if a restorable numbers but just if a restorable. Numbers but just if a restorable entry would be charged one excellent per entry would be charged one excellent per. Entry would be charged one excellent per Ledger the exact same size entry that is. Ledger the exact same size entry that is Ledger the exact same size entry that is. A temporary entry would only be charged a temporary entry would only be charged a temporary entry would only be charged. 0.8 xlm per Ledger or something like 0.8 xlm per Ledger or something like 0.8 xlm per Ledger or something like. That and so in this way because we that and so in this way because we that and so in this way because we. Essentially have a lower rent fee or we essentially have a lower rent fee or we essentially have a lower rent fee or we. Can incentivize using temporary entries can incentivize using temporary entries can incentivize using temporary entries. and kind of put all as much traffic and kind of put all as much traffic and kind of put all as much traffic. Towards the temporary entries as towards the temporary entries as towards the temporary entries as. Possible and so I think generally possible and so I think generally possible and so I think generally. Speaking just you know first thoughts speaking just you know first thoughts. Speaking just you know first thoughts on this unified interface and having on this unified interface and having. On this unified interface and having this sort of like rent balance this sort of like rent balance. This sort of like rent balance feature built into the temporary entries yeah there's one thing that I find a bit. Yeah there's one thing that I find a bit weird about bumping temporary entries. Weird about bumping temporary entries weird about bumping temporary entries. I feel like the the product story I feel like the the product story I feel like the the product story. Doesn't really add up in a lot of ways doesn't really add up in a lot of ways doesn't really add up in a lot of ways. So let's say for example that so let's say for example that so let's say for example that. an oracle is creating like a one hour an oracle is creating like a one hour. an oracle is creating like a one hour you know like a price that's like you know like a price that's like. you know like a price that's like available for one hour like why should available for one hour like why should. Available for one hour like why should cons and and from their perspective it cons and and from their perspective it. Cons and and from their perspective it is in fact only relevant for one hour is in fact only relevant for one hour. Is in fact only relevant for one hour but now consumers are actually going to but now consumers are actually going to. But now consumers are actually going to bump that ledger entry to live beyond bump that ledger entry to live beyond. Bump that ledger entry to live beyond its intended lifetime yes so this is one of the open questions. Yes so this is one of the open questions I wanted to discuss is that for I think I wanted to discuss is that for I think. I wanted to discuss is that for I think like if you're going to do like a like if you're going to do like a. Like if you're going to do like a Oracle for instance Oracle for instance Oracle for instance. where the information is only valid where the information is only valid where the information is only valid. For five minutes and useless beyond that for five minutes and useless beyond that. For five minutes and useless beyond that then temporary rent bumps don't make then temporary rent bumps don't make. Then temporary rent bumps don't make sense sense sense but then there are other use cases I. but then there are other use cases I but then there are other use cases I think someone gave an example like a CK. Think someone gave an example like a CK think someone gave an example like a CK snark. Snark snark used to verify some value that if used to verify some value that if. used to verify some value that if you're continually using that CK snark you're continually using that CK snark. You're continually using that CK snark it does seem advantageous for that it does seem advantageous for that. It does seem advantageous for that proof information to remain unchain as proof information to remain unchain as. Proof information to remain unchain as long as you're using it and so I guess long as you're using it and so I guess. Long as you're using it and so I guess the question here is the question here is the question here is. You know do we want to have a you know do we want to have a you know do we want to have a. Universal policy for either temporary universal policy for either temporary universal policy for either temporary. Entries are always bumped or never entries are always bumped or never entries are always bumped or never. Bumped or who have some sort of bumped or who have some sort of bumped or who have some sort of. Conditional policy like we have an conditional policy like we have an conditional policy like we have an. Additional flag additional flag additional flag on the temporary entry that says this. on the temporary entry that says this on the temporary entry that says this. entry type is subject to automatic entry type is subject to automatic entry type is subject to automatic. Bunch or this entry type is not subject Bunch or this entry type is not subject Bunch or this entry type is not subject. To automatic bumps to automatic bumps to automatic bumps you know that provides some. you know that provides some you know that provides some granularity but it may also. Granularity but it may also granularity but it may also you know complicate the interface a. you know complicate the interface a you know complicate the interface a little bit more. Little bit more little bit more yeah I still didn't quite understand yeah I still didn't quite understand. Yeah I still didn't quite understand this example maybe that's because I this example maybe that's because I. This example maybe that's because I haven't attended the previous design haven't attended the previous design. Haven't attended the previous design discussion discussion discussion but I really don't quite understand. but I really don't quite understand but I really don't quite understand why the temperature should be used for. Why the temperature should be used for why the temperature should be used for this use case in the first place if you. This use case in the first place if you this use case in the first place if you are interested in certain behavior and. Are interested in certain behavior and are interested in certain behavior and if it is expensive to recreate this. If it is expensive to recreate this if it is expensive to recreate this entry from scratch then the question is. Entry from scratch then the question is entry from scratch then the question is why is this not a restorable entry in. Why is this not a restorable entry in why is this not a restorable entry in the first place and in general in weeks. The first place and in general in weeks the first place and in general in weeks away you've been describing it would it. Away you've been describing it would it away you've been describing it would it be a correct statement to say that. Be a correct statement to say that be a correct statement to say that with this proposal temp entries and the. With this proposal temp entries and the with this proposal temp entries and the only difference between temp entries and. Only difference between temp entries and only difference between temp entries and. Recoverable entries as well whether they recoverable entries as well whether they. Recoverable entries as well whether they go to the archive or see tone so go to the archive or see tone so. Go to the archive or see tone so it kind of seems like a bit redundant to it kind of seems like a bit redundant to. It kind of seems like a bit redundant to have to have to have to very similar things that have only some. Very similar things that have only some very similar things that have only some first. First first maybe we should try to either maybe we should try to either maybe we should try to either. Consolidate this or have a more consolidate this or have a more consolidate this or have a more. Well-defined use cases because like the well-defined use cases because like the well-defined use cases because like the. Reason I was always advocating for no reason I was always advocating for no reason I was always advocating for no. Bumps on the temperatures because they bumps on the temperatures because they bumps on the temperatures because they. Use skates for them is kind of different use skates for them is kind of different. Use skates for them is kind of different and it's something that you know you and it's something that you know you. And it's something that you know you want to persist for a short period of want to persist for a short period of. Want to persist for a short period of time and you don't really care about time and you don't really care about. Time and you don't really care about being kived or pumped and you if you being kived or pumped and you if you. Being kived or pumped and you if you need more complex behaviors and you need more complex behaviors and you. Need more complex behaviors and you probably are interested in probably are interested in. Probably are interested in interested archived and can be interested archived and can be. interested archived and can be restored yeah restored yeah restored yeah I think they disagree just because I. I think they disagree just because I think they disagree just because I think that there's kind of like two use. Think that there's kind of like two use think that there's kind of like two use cases we're targeting here I think like. Cases we're targeting here I think like cases we're targeting here I think like in the Oracle case you have very. In the Oracle case you have very in the Oracle case you have very short-term data like five minutes. Short-term data like five minutes short-term data like five minutes that's kind of what we were targeting. that's kind of what we were targeting that's kind of what we were targeting. The initial temporary entry Proposal the initial temporary entry Proposal the initial temporary entry Proposal. With like a you know details that never with like a you know details that never with like a you know details that never. Change change change but beyond the Oracle use case I but beyond the Oracle use case I. but beyond the Oracle use case I think there is a strong motivation or at think there is a strong motivation or at. Think there is a strong motivation or at least the network should have a strong least the network should have a strong. Least the network should have a strong motivation two prioritive times using motivation two prioritive times using. Motivation two prioritive times using storage that's self-deleting storage that's self-deleting. Storage that's self-deleting just because the archive is not a just because the archive is not a. just because the archive is not a black hole that we can just throw black hole that we can just throw. Black hole that we can just throw entries into right like if entries into right like if. Entries into right like if you know every single entry type you know every single entry type. you know every single entry type that's beyond you know the most basic that's beyond you know the most basic. That's beyond you know the most basic Oracle data needs to be a restorable Oracle data needs to be a restorable. Oracle data needs to be a restorable entry that gets to be archived you know entry that gets to be archived you know. Entry that gets to be archived you know having entries thrown the archive as having entries thrown the archive as. Having entries thrown the archive as soon as fast having them store on The soon as fast having them store on The. Soon as fast having them store on The Ledger but that's still an issue and Ledger but that's still an issue and. Ledger but that's still an issue and still still still that you know that will have issues. that you know that will have issues that you know that will have issues of scale later on and so I think if we. Of scale later on and so I think if we of scale later on and so I think if we can do anything to prioritize using data. Can do anything to prioritize using data can do anything to prioritize using data. That doesn't have to be persistently that doesn't have to be persistently that doesn't have to be persistently. Stored forever and ever we should stored forever and ever we should stored forever and ever we should. Definitely do that and so I think in definitely do that and so I think in definitely do that and so I think in. This particular kind of use cases that this particular kind of use cases that this particular kind of use cases that. We still offer that very short lifetime we still offer that very short lifetime we still offer that very short lifetime. Expectation for things like oracles expectation for things like oracles expectation for things like oracles. without like 10 or 15 minute very without like 10 or 15 minute very without like 10 or 15 minute very. Cheap very inexpensive entry type but we cheap very inexpensive entry type but we. Cheap very inexpensive entry type but we also provide flexibility for say an also provide flexibility for say an. Also provide flexibility for say an entry that is used longer term but entry that is used longer term but. Entry that is used longer term but that's not sensitive enough to be put in that's not sensitive enough to be put in. That's not sensitive enough to be put in the archive right and so I think the archive right and so I think. The archive right and so I think the archive should only really be the archive should only really be. the archive should only really be used for entry types that can't be used for entry types that can't be. Used for entry types that can't be recreated I think kind of demome you recreated I think kind of demome you. Recreated I think kind of demome you said is if an entry type is expensive to said is if an entry type is expensive to. Said is if an entry type is expensive to recreate then why not use a restorable recreate then why not use a restorable. Recreate then why not use a restorable entry we shouldn't prioritize or we entry we shouldn't prioritize or we. Entry we shouldn't prioritize or we shouldn't incentivize that behavior I shouldn't incentivize that behavior I. Shouldn't incentivize that behavior I think if an entry is restorable at all think if an entry is restorable at all. Think if an entry is restorable at all then that should be or is a then that should be or is a. Then that should be or is a non-resortable sorry if an entry type is non-resortable sorry if an entry type is. Non-resortable sorry if an entry type is recreatable at all even if it's a recreatable at all even if it's a. Recreatable at all even if it's a expensive Recreation we should do expensive Recreation we should do. Expensive Recreation we should do everything we can perhaps to prioritize everything we can perhaps to prioritize. Everything we can perhaps to prioritize that in the temporary entry space that in the temporary entry space. That in the temporary entry space because having a you know an entry that because having a you know an entry that. Because having a you know an entry that is arbitrarily recreatable get deleted is arbitrarily recreatable get deleted. Is arbitrarily recreatable get deleted and then get recreated on the network is and then get recreated on the network is. And then get recreated on the network is significantly healthier for Network significantly healthier for Network. Significantly healthier for Network scale than having Visio entry type that scale than having Visio entry type that. Scale than having Visio entry type that is arbitrarily creatable but for some is arbitrarily creatable but for some. Is arbitrarily creatable but for some cost saving whatever it gets thrown in cost saving whatever it gets thrown in. Cost saving whatever it gets thrown in the archive I think the archetype should the archive I think the archetype should. The archive I think the archetype should really only be reserved for security really only be reserved for security. Really only be reserved for security sensitive things and then for things sensitive things and then for things. Sensitive things and then for things like balances that can't be recreating like balances that can't be recreating. Like balances that can't be recreating that you need to have you know a true that you need to have you know a true. That you need to have you know a true definition of oh but what is your oh but what is your. Developer's story for this week how how developer's story for this week how how developer's story for this week how how. Do you communicate because like it kind do you communicate because like it kind do you communicate because like it kind. Of sounds nice in theory but not sure of sounds nice in theory but not sure of sounds nice in theory but not sure. How this can be enforced I don't think how this can be enforced I don't think how this can be enforced I don't think. It can be right and there is all Second it can be right and there is all Second it can be right and there is all Second. Street Street Street well like you cannot make people to well like you cannot make people to. Well like you cannot make people to create certain sorts of hinges and this create certain sorts of hinges and this. Create certain sorts of hinges and this thing is if you know if I think my thing is if you know if I think my. Thing is if you know if I think my entry and it's kind of important to me entry and it's kind of important to me. Entry and it's kind of important to me and they want to maybe recover it it'll and they want to maybe recover it it'll. And they want to maybe recover it it'll it's recoverable entry even so maybe I it's recoverable entry even so maybe I. It's recoverable entry even so maybe I shouldn't have shouldn't have shouldn't have. it's not clear how can we communicate it's not clear how can we communicate. it's not clear how can we communicate this clearly like our stretch this clearly like our stretch. This clearly like our stretch there is already already pretty there is already already pretty. There is already already pretty complicated complicated complicated and also it's really but the. and also it's really but the and also it's really but the temperature is like the thing is that. Temperature is like the thing is that temperature is like the thing is that automatic bumps do not provide any. Automatic bumps do not provide any automatic bumps do not provide any guarantees as to how long doses since. Guarantees as to how long doses since guarantees as to how long doses since these to like you know if you have some. These to like you know if you have some these to like you know if you have some proof or whatever. Proof or whatever proof or whatever you know you cannot reasonably predict you know you cannot reasonably predict. You know you cannot reasonably predict that even if someone accesses it it will that even if someone accesses it it will. That even if someone accesses it it will pull on the lifetime of the century pull on the lifetime of the century. Pull on the lifetime of the century enough for it to be useful in other enough for it to be useful in other. Enough for it to be useful in other contexts and contexts and contexts and I I'm just not sure how. I I'm just not sure how I I'm just not sure how how can he put any expectations on the temp entry pumps. Expectations on the temp entry pumps because well the entry will be gone because well the entry will be gone. Because well the entry will be gone sooner or later and it's very hard to sooner or later and it's very hard to. Sooner or later and it's very hard to argue that you know fuel exists any argue that you know fuel exists any. Argue that you know fuel exists any given period of time given period of time given period of time. beyond the overbound so I I'm just beyond the overbound so I I'm just beyond the overbound so I I'm just. Not sure how would you communicate it not sure how would you communicate it not sure how would you communicate it. And why users won't just use recoverable and why users won't just use recoverable. And why users won't just use recoverable entries entries entries whenever they can. Whenever they can whenever they can like like in the context of those like like in the context of those. Like like in the context of those oracles I mean I like oracles are oracles I mean I like oracles are. Oracles I mean I like oracles are like they're going to refresh the you like they're going to refresh the you. Like they're going to refresh the you know like the the actual entry so I know like the the actual entry so I. Know like the the actual entry so I think it makes total sense to have this think it makes total sense to have this. Think it makes total sense to have this autographed feature like unless you have autographed feature like unless you have. Autographed feature like unless you have like abandoned entries like abandoned entries. Like abandoned entries like an oracle you know that basically like an oracle you know that basically. Like an oracle you know that basically is creating a thing that is only for is creating a thing that is only for. Is creating a thing that is only for valid for like five minutes and then for valid for like five minutes and then for. Valid for like five minutes and then for the day right and that's it and then you. The day right and that's it and then you the day right and that's it and then you. Have to catch it when you can have to catch it when you can have to catch it when you can. and in that situation the contract and in that situation the contract and in that situation the contract. The the this Oracle contract the the this Oracle contract the the this Oracle contract. Should not it should actually be written should not it should actually be written. Should not it should actually be written with the like the actual exploration with the like the actual exploration. With the like the actual exploration baked into it like the the pattern that baked into it like the the pattern that. Baked into it like the the pattern that was you know in the dark at some point was you know in the dark at some point. Was you know in the dark at some point that was like you know you look at the that was like you know you look at the. That was like you know you look at the expiration time and if it's past the expiration time and if it's past the. Expiration time and if it's past the five minutes or whatever you want it to five minutes or whatever you want it to. Five minutes or whatever you want it to keep it then you actually delete it keep it then you actually delete it. Keep it then you actually delete it and then you don't have those problems and then you don't have those problems. And then you don't have those problems yeah and to answer your questions yeah and to answer your questions. Yeah and to answer your questions email about why would someone use email about why would someone use. Email about why would someone use temporary is not restorable just cheaper temporary is not restorable just cheaper. Temporary is not restorable just cheaper right because I think you know generally. Right because I think you know generally right because I think you know generally. Speaking speaking speaking you know a efficient market you know a efficient market. you know a efficient market hypothesis let's say that smart hypothesis let's say that smart. Hypothesis let's say that smart contracts or sophisticated smart contracts or sophisticated smart. Contracts or sophisticated smart contracts are actually used contracts are actually used. Contracts are actually used will use the cheapest print as possible will use the cheapest print as possible. Will use the cheapest print as possible or at least a good developer would and or at least a good developer would and. Or at least a good developer would and so I think just by having this financial so I think just by having this financial. So I think just by having this financial incentive for temporary entries we kind incentive for temporary entries we kind. Incentive for temporary entries we kind of solve the use case issue and sure if of solve the use case issue and sure if. Of solve the use case issue and sure if someone wants to you know just say I someone wants to you know just say I. Someone wants to you know just say I don't want to worry about oh my data is don't want to worry about oh my data is. Don't want to worry about oh my data is important I only use restorable entries important I only use restorable entries. Important I only use restorable entries that's fine but they have to pay for it that's fine but they have to pay for it. That's fine but they have to pay for it and so I think having that Financial and so I think having that Financial. and so I think having that Financial incentive and trying to de-incentivize incentive and trying to de-incentivize. Incentive and trying to de-incentivize restorable entries because from a restorable entries because from a. Restorable entries because from a Network Health perspective we want to Network Health perspective we want to. Network Health perspective we want to de-incentivize de-incentivize de-incentivize. you know restorable entries as much you know restorable entries as much you know restorable entries as much. As possible and so I think having this as possible and so I think having this as possible and so I think having this. More General and unified temporary more General and unified temporary more General and unified temporary. Storage interface storage interface storage interface does that in a much better way than a a. Does that in a much better way than a a does that in a much better way than a a separate TTL based approach would. I'd like to comment on this from the I'd like to comment on this from the perspective of developer experience so. Perspective of developer experience so perspective of developer experience so this is maybe less to do with. This is maybe less to do with this is maybe less to do with incentivizing users to go to choose one. Incentivizing users to go to choose one incentivizing users to go to choose one or the over the other or or the. Or the over the other or or the or the over the other or or the implementation details of how easy it's. Implementation details of how easy it's implementation details of how easy it's going to be for consumers to you know to. Going to be for consumers to you know to going to be for consumers to you know to. Access this data but access this data but access this data but I think you know this unified. I think you know this unified I think you know this unified interface where the only difference. Interface where the only difference interface where the only difference between a temp and recoverable storage. Between a temp and recoverable storage between a temp and recoverable storage type. Type type if I'm understanding this correctly it if I'm understanding this correctly it. If I'm understanding this correctly it will lead to you know whether it's will lead to you know whether it's. Will lead to you know whether it's restorable or not from the arc whether restorable or not from the arc whether. Restorable or not from the arc whether it's put in the archive or not when it it's put in the archive or not when it. It's put in the archive or not when it times out I think that's going to lead times out I think that's going to lead. Times out I think that's going to lead to a better developer experience and to a better developer experience and. To a better developer experience and lead to develops making better decisions lead to develops making better decisions. Lead to develops making better decisions about which to use because we're about which to use because we're. About which to use because we're simplifying the decision process simplifying the decision process. Simplifying the decision process you know by by making that the only you know by by making that the only. you know by by making that the only difference functionally about what difference functionally about what. Difference functionally about what happens with the data happens with the data happens with the data. you know we're just making the you know we're just making the you know we're just making the. Decision process so much simpler for decision process so much simpler for decision process so much simpler for. Them because a developer just needs to them because a developer just needs to them because a developer just needs to. Answer the question do I need this to go answer the question do I need this to go. Answer the question do I need this to go to the archive or not to the archive or not. To the archive or not and if they can they answer that with and if they can they answer that with. And if they can they answer that with you know yes or no and then they make you know yes or no and then they make. You know yes or no and then they make the decision and they move on when these the decision and they move on when these. The decision and they move on when these storage types contain other differences storage types contain other differences. Storage types contain other differences you know suddenly developers have got you know suddenly developers have got. You know suddenly developers have got like this Matrix of features and like this Matrix of features and. Like this Matrix of features and attributes that they're needing to attributes that they're needing to. Attributes that they're needing to decide between and you know that that decide between and you know that that. Decide between and you know that that can really lead to more complex can really lead to more complex. Can really lead to more complex thinking more you know maybe making thinking more you know maybe making. Thinking more you know maybe making the wrong decision because somebody the wrong decision because somebody. The wrong decision because somebody thought they needed this this feature thought they needed this this feature. Thought they needed this this feature from a recoverable type but but they from a recoverable type but but they. From a recoverable type but but they didn't really need it so didn't really need it so. Didn't really need it so yeah I think I think this is good yeah I think I think this is good. Yeah I think I think this is good yeah I think I'm kind of like what I'm yeah I think I'm kind of like what I'm. Yeah I think I'm kind of like what I'm envisioning is the end story to be is envisioning is the end story to be is. Envisioning is the end story to be is that we just have a unified storage that we just have a unified storage. That we just have a unified storage class I think a previous proposal so class I think a previous proposal so. Class I think a previous proposal so we have to separate you know temporary we have to separate you know temporary. We have to separate you know temporary and restorable storage classes but this and restorable storage classes but this. And restorable storage classes but this would have a single storage class and would have a single storage class and. Would have a single storage class and when you create an entry when you create an entry. When you create an entry you know there's three parameters you you know there's three parameters you. you know there's three parameters you specify the key you specify the lifetime. Specify the key you specify the lifetime specify the key you specify the lifetime. A short meeting long this is the a short meeting long this is the a short meeting long this is the. Initial Lifetime and then you specify initial Lifetime and then you specify initial Lifetime and then you specify. The type the type Vision temporary or the type the type Vision temporary or the type the type Vision temporary or. You can get used to intercepts change you can get used to intercepts change you can get used to intercepts change. But temporary but temporary but temporary like a recreatable and unique or like a recreatable and unique or. like a recreatable and unique or something like that I think just having something like that I think just having. Something like that I think just having that single story is is a that single story is is a. That single story is is a significantly better experience but I significantly better experience but I. Significantly better experience but I think we can talk more to this I think what we're doing is we're. I think what we're doing is we're narrowing the decision like the decision narrowing the decision like the decision. Narrowing the decision like the decision tree that somebody needs to go through tree that somebody needs to go through. Tree that somebody needs to go through like were you basically saying to them like were you basically saying to them. Like were you basically saying to them you just need to decide you just need to decide. You just need to decide so what that type is and it has it so what that type is and it has it. so what that type is and it has it has like a much narrow impact on on what has like a much narrow impact on on what. Has like a much narrow impact on on what the result is I'm arguing for it if I suspect maybe. I'm arguing for it if I suspect maybe I'm misunderstanding something with your I'm misunderstanding something with your. I'm misunderstanding something with your question timer maybe I can just try to make sure I. Maybe I can just try to make sure I understand what you're saying Garen so understand what you're saying Garen so. Understand what you're saying Garen so the only difference that the selecting the only difference that the selecting. The only difference that the selecting that type is gonna going to like that type is gonna going to like. That type is gonna going to like all of these types are going to have all of these types are going to have. All of these types are going to have support TTL is that right well so under the hood there's not. well so under the hood there's not a real TTL a real TTL a real TTL essentially there's a rent balance . essentially there's a rent balance essentially there's a rent balance . Which is detected from which is detected from which is detected from but the way we have to do this. but the way we have to do this but the way we have to do this because run fees variable. Because run fees variable because run fees variable so the actual interface will be like. so the actual interface will be like so the actual interface will be like you have like a rent balance of xlm. You have like a rent balance of xlm you have like a rent balance of xlm that's deducted from from a variable. That's deducted from from a variable that's deducted from from a variable rent fee but the interface exposed is on. Rent fee but the interface exposed is on rent fee but the interface exposed is on. Ledgers so essentially everything ledgers so essentially everything ledgers so essentially everything. Will have a TTL now you have you can will have a TTL now you have you can will have a TTL now you have you can. Have guarantees at creation time so the have guarantees at creation time so the have guarantees at creation time so the. Reason why we picked you know 15 minutes reason why we picked you know 15 minutes. Reason why we picked you know 15 minutes seven days and 30 days as our seven days and 30 days as our. seven days and 30 days as our creation times is because 30 days is the creation times is because 30 days is the. Creation times is because 30 days is the maximal amount that we can guarantee maximal amount that we can guarantee. Maximal amount that we can guarantee past that there's no guarantees because past that there's no guarantees because. Past that there's no guarantees because the rental fee can change but having the rental fee can change but having. The rental fee can change but having those I think three initial values is those I think three initial values is. Those I think three initial values is guarantees now I think 30 days plenty of guarantees now I think 30 days plenty of. Guarantees now I think 30 days plenty of days to create the entry and then if you. Days to create the entry and then if you days to create the entry and then if you. Decide that you want to last for like decide that you want to last for like decide that you want to last for like. Six years then you can do like a manual six years then you can do like a manual six years then you can do like a manual. then bump that and so I think those then bump that and so I think those then bump that and so I think those. Those starting values are reasonable stuff in the chat if you want to talk stuff in the chat if you want to talk. About the Oracle issue about the Oracle issue about the Oracle issue yeah it's I'm still talking about what I. Yeah it's I'm still talking about what I yeah it's I'm still talking about what I. Said before which is I think the said before which is I think the said before which is I think the. yeah like you know let's be clear about yeah like you know let's be clear about. Yeah like you know let's be clear about this the main reason we're we're this the main reason we're we're. This the main reason we're we're working on temporary storage is because working on temporary storage is because. Working on temporary storage is because we've had discussions internal we've had discussions internal. We've had discussions internal discussions with some of the like the discussions with some of the like the. Discussions with some of the like the big Oracle projects out there and this big Oracle projects out there and this. Big Oracle projects out there and this is something that they've expressed a is something that they've expressed a. Is something that they've expressed a Desiring Desiring Desiring and I think that we're now trying to. and I think that we're now trying to and I think that we're now trying to generalize for things but. Generalize for things but generalize for things but I think specifically the Autobahn . I think specifically the Autobahn I think specifically the Autobahn doesn't really sit well with me for for. Doesn't really sit well with me for for doesn't really sit well with me for for Oracle data because. Oracle data because Oracle data because the Oracle will probably limit the the. The Oracle will probably limit the the the Oracle will probably limit the the amount of time something is relevant. Amount of time something is relevant amount of time something is relevant for artificially if it's if they can't. For artificially if it's if they can't for artificially if it's if they can't do that within the storage parameters. Do that within the storage parameters do that within the storage parameters. and then effectively people are going and then effectively people are going. and then effectively people are going to like you're like bumping an entry to like you're like bumping an entry. To like you're like bumping an entry into Oblivion like you know like I'm into Oblivion like you know like I'm. Into Oblivion like you know like I'm accessing at 4 pm a value that should accessing at 4 pm a value that should. Accessing at 4 pm a value that should be dead by 5 PM and that's enforced by be dead by 5 PM and that's enforced by. Be dead by 5 PM and that's enforced by the contract so people like keep the contract so people like keep. The contract so people like keep enforcing it enforcing it enforcing it to theoretically live it you know six or. To theoretically live it you know six or to theoretically live it you know six or. Seven PM but at 5 PM the the access is seven PM but at 5 PM the the access is seven PM but at 5 PM the the access is. Cut cut cut so it's like it's like bumping to so it's like it's like bumping to. So it's like it's like bumping to nowhere and that's and that seems to be nowhere and that's and that seems to be. Nowhere and that's and that seems to be what we want to do what we want to do what we want to do. So I guess there's two solutions I see so I guess there's two solutions I see so I guess there's two solutions I see. Of this first off like the contract can of this first off like the contract can of this first off like the contract can. Just you know be smart about this and just you know be smart about this and just you know be smart about this and. Say if you access this entry and it's say if you access this entry and it's say if you access this entry and it's. Past its expiration date delete entry past its expiration date delete entry . Past its expiration date delete entry so you don't bump into Oblivion so you don't bump into Oblivion. So you don't bump into Oblivion also from just a a practicality also from just a a practicality. also from just a a practicality standpoint we do Define a maximum rent standpoint we do Define a maximum rent. Standpoint we do Define a maximum rent balance for automatic bumps to avoid balance for automatic bumps to avoid. Balance for automatic bumps to avoid issues like this where like an entry is issues like this where like an entry is. Issues like this where like an entry is used frequently initially and then never used frequently initially and then never. Used frequently initially and then never used again so it has like this used again so it has like this. Used again so it has like this essentially infinite balance that never essentially infinite balance that never. Essentially infinite balance that never runs out of so there is a maximum so runs out of so there is a maximum so. Runs out of so there is a maximum so you can't bump it into Oblivion one you can't bump it into Oblivion one. You can't bump it into Oblivion one possible solution is I think for you possible solution is I think for you. Possible solution is I think for you know medium and long term know medium and long term. Know medium and long term you know lifetimes that's like the you know lifetimes that's like the. you know lifetimes that's like the the lifetime measured in days and weeks the lifetime measured in days and weeks. The lifetime measured in days and weeks then I think our Mac bombs make sense then I think our Mac bombs make sense. then I think our Mac bombs make sense but we could also just special case but we could also just special case. But we could also just special case the short-term life this is like the the short-term life this is like the. The short-term life this is like the one hour life frame time and just saying one hour life frame time and just saying. One hour life frame time and just saying hey one hour lifetimes it's supposed to hey one hour lifetimes it's supposed to. Hey one hour lifetimes it's supposed to be super ephemeral this doesn't get be super ephemeral this doesn't get. Be super ephemeral this doesn't get automatic bumps but the other types do I automatic bumps but the other types do I. Automatic bumps but the other types do I think that's going to be fine from a think that's going to be fine from a. Think that's going to be fine from a developer standpoint because we already developer standpoint because we already. Developer standpoint because we already have to special case on the short have to special case on the short. Have to special case on the short lifetime because just doing the win lifetime because just doing the win. Lifetime because just doing the win bucket list is structured restorable bucket list is structured restorable. Bucket list is structured restorable entry types entry types entry types can't live.short they must live at. can't live.short they must live at can't live.short they must live at least to the medium Lifetime and so we. Least to the medium Lifetime and so we least to the medium Lifetime and so we already throw an error if you have like. Already throw an error if you have like already throw an error if you have like a short Lifetime with a you know. A short Lifetime with a you know a short Lifetime with a you know again we have to figure out the SDK but. Again we have to figure out the SDK but again we have to figure out the SDK but essentially you know restorable entry. Essentially you know restorable entry essentially you know restorable entry. Types can have a short Lifetime and so I types can have a short Lifetime and so I. Types can have a short Lifetime and so I think it would be reasonable to have think it would be reasonable to have. Think it would be reasonable to have almost unified interface almost unified interface. Almost unified interface and still have you temporary and still have you temporary. and still have you temporary entries with medium long terms Autobahn entries with medium long terms Autobahn. Entries with medium long terms Autobahn they just have like the very very short they just have like the very very short. They just have like the very very short term not out of bump term not out of bump. Term not out of bump tone with this satisfies your Oracle tone with this satisfies your Oracle. tone with this satisfies your Oracle taste maybe I'm just concerned about having. maybe I'm just concerned about having like like like yeah different exceptions and rules. Yeah different exceptions and rules yeah different exceptions and rules based on you know things like . Based on you know things like based on you know things like like the lifetime. like the lifetime like the lifetime of a ledger entry yeah you think of a ledger entry yeah you think. Of a ledger entry yeah you think about it some more about it some more about it some more. Well I think I think what we I think the well I think I think what we I think the. Well I think I think what we I think the protocol protocol protocol should should. Should because the way the vocalists are because the way the vocalists are because the way the vocalists are. Structured it's very negative structured it's very negative structured it's very negative. for performance if the protocol for performance if the protocol for performance if the protocol. Enables a specific boundaries and so I enables a specific boundaries and so I enables a specific boundaries and so I. Think if we just essentially build into think if we just essentially build into think if we just essentially build into. The protocol that there are boundaries the protocol that there are boundaries the protocol that there are boundaries. But they're fuzzy boundaries but they're fuzzy boundaries but they're fuzzy boundaries. and if the oracles can accept that I and if the oracles can accept that I and if the oracles can accept that I. Think that's a significantly better think that's a significantly better think that's a significantly better. Compromise so it might not be exactly compromise so it might not be exactly compromise so it might not be exactly. What the oracles were imagining but if what the oracles were imagining but if what the oracles were imagining but if. We can get close enough we can get close enough we can get close enough and unify the interface and not. and unify the interface and not and unify the interface and not distort Downstream systems I would be. Distort Downstream systems I would be distort Downstream systems I would be heavily in favor of that. Or you're describing Aaron that that or you're describing Aaron that that fuzzy boundary that's just if folks want. Fuzzy boundary that's just if folks want fuzzy boundary that's just if folks want. To use the fuzzy band like to use the fuzzy band like to use the fuzzy band like that feature of the system can still. That feature of the system can still that feature of the system can still code logic into a contract such that. Code logic into a contract such that code logic into a contract such that a ledger entry stores value that's. A ledger entry stores value that's a ledger entry stores value that's that's a more granular TTL if they. That's a more granular TTL if they that's a more granular TTL if they really need that right. Really need that right really need that right correct yes so there's there's nothing. Correct yes so there's there's nothing correct yes so there's there's nothing stopping someone from building something. Stopping someone from building something stopping someone from building something. That's less we're just basically saying that's less we're just basically saying that's less we're just basically saying. You know if you can exploit this you know if you can exploit this you know if you can exploit this. Capability of the system you don't capability of the system you don't capability of the system you don't. Have to write so much code your contract have to write so much code your contract. Have to write so much code your contract will probably a little bit more will probably a little bit more. Will probably a little bit more efficient Etc efficient Etc efficient Etc yeah and the biggest thing is also fees. Yeah and the biggest thing is also fees yeah and the biggest thing is also fees because this is like way cheaper like. Because this is like way cheaper like because this is like way cheaper like the short like a temporary entry within. The short like a temporary entry within the short like a temporary entry within a short lifetime will be like way way. A short lifetime will be like way way a short lifetime will be like way way cheaper than all the other storage types. Cheaper than all the other storage types cheaper than all the other storage types. And so from a financial perspective you and so from a financial perspective you and so from a financial perspective you. Know even if the oracles have to do like know even if the oracles have to do like. Know even if the oracles have to do like this like check the TTL automatic this like check the TTL automatic. This like check the TTL automatic deletion it's still significantly deletion it's still significantly. Deletion it's still significantly cheaper than using any other storage cheaper than using any other storage. Cheaper than using any other storage type for this use case just to answer some questions in the. Just to answer some questions in the chat chat chat regarding archival performance the. regarding archival performance the regarding archival performance the way we're structuring the archival. Way we're structuring the archival way we're structuring the archival process this is in particular I think. Process this is in particular I think process this is in particular I think Stellar starseed and some others have. Stellar starseed and some others have Stellar starseed and some others have been talking about. Been talking about been talking about the waiver structure the archival the waiver structure the archival. the waiver structure the archival process is that process is that process is that. archiving is done very lazily archiving is done very lazily archiving is done very lazily. on ethics on ethics on ethics so we only archive a very small so we only archive a very small. so we only archive a very small amount of entries every 30 minutes to amount of entries every 30 minutes to. Amount of entries every 30 minutes to one hour and also one hour and also one hour and also. you know expiration are kind of thing you know expiration are kind of thing. you know expiration are kind of thing is done is done is done on bucket list merge boundaries and. on bucket list merge boundaries and on bucket list merge boundaries and so while this you know system. So while this you know system so while this you know system you know the implementation is. you know the implementation is you know the implementation is somehow complex and not simple it's been. Somehow complex and not simple it's been somehow complex and not simple it's been. Specifically designed to be low load specifically designed to be low load specifically designed to be low load. Upon both validators and boundaries upon both validators and boundaries upon both validators and boundaries. Downstream systems also one small Downstream systems also one small Downstream systems also one small. Clarification point clarification point clarification point this is probably poor ordering on my. This is probably poor ordering on my this is probably poor ordering on my part I apologize we've been throwing. Part I apologize we've been throwing part I apologize we've been throwing around terms like archiver the type of. Around terms like archiver the type of around terms like archiver the type of archive we're talking about here. Archive we're talking about here archive we're talking about here we should really like read like. we should really like read like we should really like read like this is kind of rename the state. This is kind of rename the state this is kind of rename the state expiration but we still use kind of. Expiration but we still use kind of expiration but we still use kind of outdated terminology this has nothing to. Outdated terminology this has nothing to outdated terminology this has nothing to. Do with the current Archive of the do with the current Archive of the do with the current Archive of the. Stellar Network this will be a separate Stellar Network this will be a separate Stellar Network this will be a separate. Service service service perhaps we'll say like no this is perhaps we'll say like no this is. perhaps we'll say like no this is not validator archive I apologize this not validator archive I apologize this. Not validator archive I apologize this is a new type of you know node is a new type of you know node. Is a new type of you know node perhaps a better terminology would be perhaps a better terminology would be. perhaps a better terminology would be deep state store and so you know meta. Deep state store and so you know meta deep state store and so you know meta. Is emitted one you know entries is emitted one you know entries is emitted one you know entries. Expire if it's temporary entry it's just expire if it's temporary entry it's just. Expire if it's temporary entry it's just drops and deleted if it's a restorable drops and deleted if it's a restorable. Drops and deleted if it's a restorable entry then it's delete from the bucket entry then it's delete from the bucket. Entry then it's delete from the bucket list but the meta is exhibit okay what list but the meta is exhibit okay what. List but the meta is exhibit okay what is node thank you toner excellent the is node thank you toner excellent the. Is node thank you toner excellent the hardest part of computer science name hardest part of computer science name. Hardest part of computer science name and stuff and stuff and stuff and so whenever the restorable. and so whenever the restorable and so whenever the restorable entry it gets deleted from The Bucket. Entry it gets deleted from The Bucket entry it gets deleted from The Bucket List delete from a validator and then is. List delete from a validator and then is List delete from a validator and then is. Sent to the witness node and the witness sent to the witness node and the witness. Sent to the witness node and the witness stores it in like a goal-like data stores it in like a goal-like data. Stores it in like a goal-like data structure and then essentially whenever structure and then essentially whenever. Structure and then essentially whenever you need to restore something from a you need to restore something from a. You need to restore something from a witness node witness node witness node you just submit a bid. you just submit a bid you just submit a bid on the Chain on the Chain. on the Chain with like essentially like how much with like essentially like how much. with like essentially like how much you're willing to pay for the you're willing to pay for the. You're willing to pay for the restoration and then the witness node restoration and then the witness node. Restoration and then the witness node then services that then services that then services that. that request and whoever services at that request and whoever services at that request and whoever services at. First gets the reward so essentially the first gets the reward so essentially the. First gets the reward so essentially the way this is working is it's you know way this is working is it's you know. Way this is working is it's you know optimized for Downstream system optimized for Downstream system. Optimized for Downstream system specifically specifically specifically and it's not the archiver it's not. and it's not the archiver it's not and it's not the archiver it's not. Valid or archivers but rather it's this valid or archivers but rather it's this valid or archivers but rather it's this. New witness node type new witness node type new witness node type and the witness node type has a. and the witness node type has a and the witness node type has a financial incentive to run and. Financial incentive to run and financial incentive to run and structured kind of similarly to bitcoin. Structured kind of similarly to bitcoin structured kind of similarly to bitcoin miners in a way. Miners in a way miners in a way instead of you know it's not proof of instead of you know it's not proof of. instead of you know it's not proof of course they're actually doing useful course they're actually doing useful. Course they're actually doing useful work work work by storing and then producing these. by storing and then producing these by storing and then producing these proofs if that makes sense. Okay it does seem like there is okay it does seem like there is like consensus around the unified. Like consensus around the unified like consensus around the unified kind of like storage interface. kind of like storage interface kind of like storage interface and to some extent I think having a. And to some extent I think having a and to some extent I think having a unified storage interface trumps. Unified storage interface trumps unified storage interface trumps you know having. You know having you know having kind of like super specialized kind of like super specialized. kind of like super specialized Behavior Behavior Behavior so I'm kind of coming around to that. and I think that if no one else has any and I think that if no one else has any. And I think that if no one else has any comments of the matter if you could comments of the matter if you could. Comments of the matter if you could just like formalize this and dump it in just like formalize this and dump it in. Just like formalize this and dump it in the store Bond Dev Channel later that the store Bond Dev Channel later that. The store Bond Dev Channel later that would be great would be great would be great. does anyone else have any more does anyone else have any more does anyone else have any more. Comments in this specific topic I will take that as a no I will take that as a no. On a silence to answer your question on a silence to answer your question on a silence to answer your question . We have a cap-like document we have a cap-like document we have a cap-like document. it was shared at the beginning of it was shared at the beginning of it was shared at the beginning of. This chat this chat this chat it's called Web proposal temporary it's called Web proposal temporary. it's called Web proposal temporary or a state or it's temporary entry to or a state or it's temporary entry to. Or a state or it's temporary entry to expiration is the title expiration is the title. Expiration is the title and right now it's outdated because and right now it's outdated because. and right now it's outdated because it's still the TTL version it's still the TTL version. It's still the TTL version but I will be updating this but I will be updating this. but I will be updating this throughout the day with what we throughout the day with what we. Throughout the day with what we talked about in the evenified interface talked about in the evenified interface. Talked about in the evenified interface and so the temporary storage proposal and so the temporary storage proposal. and so the temporary storage proposal document is the one to watch document is the one to watch. Document is the one to watch and that will be updated with this and that will be updated with this. and that will be updated with this new results to formalize this new results to formalize this. New results to formalize this okay sounds good I see that Dima has okay sounds good I see that Dima has. Okay sounds good I see that Dima has been trying to say something medima been trying to say something medima. Been trying to say something medima you are muted right now now you are not muted. Now you are not muted and we still cannot hear you so this and we still cannot hear you so this. And we still cannot hear you so this sounds sounds sounds Discord Discord Discord. the same one he's typed yeah so the same one he's typed yeah so the same one he's typed yeah so . The storage access interface the storage access interface the storage access interface. so creating an entry versus so creating an entry versus so creating an entry versus. Malfighting entry so right now malfighting entry so right now malfighting entry so right now. we have just an overload set function we have just an overload set function. we have just an overload set function which both modifies and creates an which both modifies and creates an. which both modifies and creates an entry under this proposal I would like entry under this proposal I would like. Entry under this proposal I would like to see that change so that we have an to see that change so that we have an. To see that change so that we have an explicit create function an explicit explicit create function an explicit. Explicit create function an explicit modification function that are separate modification function that are separate. Modification function that are separate and so essentially what I've created and so essentially what I've created. And so essentially what I've created would do is create is when you specify would do is create is when you specify. Would do is create is when you specify your key your lifetime and your type your key your lifetime and your type. Your key your lifetime and your type and then and then and then what are the expectations for red. what are the expectations for red what are the expectations for red bumps and so rent is bumped on every. Bumps and so rent is bumped on every bumps and so rent is bumped on every access so this is both read and write. Access so this is both read and write access so this is both read and write accesses the internet bump is on the. Accesses the internet bump is on the accesses the internet bump is on the hook and required. Hook and required hook and required and it's Universal and so what we're and it's Universal and so what we're. and it's Universal and so what we're going to do is we're going to pick some going to do is we're going to pick some. Going to do is we're going to pick some small rooms of ledgers say 5 to 10 small rooms of ledgers say 5 to 10. small rooms of ledgers say 5 to 10 ledgers and then for every entry that ledgers and then for every entry that. Ledgers and then for every entry that you read or write you read or write you read or write. you will be charged for logging that you will be charged for logging that you will be charged for logging that. Entry five five or ten ledgers the entry five five or ten ledgers the entry five five or ten ledgers the. Thinking being is that your model this thinking being is that your model this thinking being is that your model this. Values be very low and so transaction values be very low and so transaction values be very low and so transaction. Fees are still low fees are still low fees are still low the thinking maybe that you know if a. the thinking maybe that you know if a the thinking maybe that you know if a. Contract like such as usdc or something contract like such as usdc or something contract like such as usdc or something. Major like that is used often major like that is used often major like that is used often. the lumens is essentially abstracted the lumens is essentially abstracted the lumens is essentially abstracted. Away because you have these automatic away because you have these automatic away because you have these automatic. Grant bumps and small incremental bumps Grant bumps and small incremental bumps Grant bumps and small incremental bumps. That add up and so that's how it works that add up and so that's how it works that add up and so that's how it works. Everything that you read or write will everything that you read or write will everything that you read or write will. Incur a small bump incur a small bump incur a small bump and we've you know optimized the. and we've you know optimized the and we've you know optimized the systems level such that. Systems level such that systems level such that even though you're doing a bump lead. even though you're doing a bump lead even though you're doing a bump lead only entries are still essentially only. Only entries are still essentially only only entries are still essentially only read only you do have to do a small. Read only you do have to do a small read only you do have to do a small right because of the bottom. Right because of the bottom right because of the bottom that the entry you're writing is very. that the entry you're writing is very that the entry you're writing is very. Small you don't need them trying to small you don't need them trying to small you don't need them trying to. Optimize as much as possible now in optimize as much as possible now in optimize as much as possible now in. Addition to the automatic bumps you can addition to the automatic bumps you can addition to the automatic bumps you can. Do an explicit do an explicit do an explicit you know pump via an operation and. you know pump via an operation and you know pump via an operation and. In this what you do is in one detail I in this what you do is in one detail I in this what you do is in one detail I. Mentioned earlier with the online Grant mentioned earlier with the online Grant mentioned earlier with the online Grant. Bumps before I move on is that there's bumps before I move on is that there's bumps before I move on is that there's. Also the ceiling such that you can't also the ceiling such that you can't also the ceiling such that you can't . You know say like I mean just your you know say like I mean just your you know say like I mean just your. Own number here say like one user worth own number here say like one user worth own number here say like one user worth. Of rent of rent of rent when I say like one year worth of 10 when I say like one year worth of 10. When I say like one year worth of 10 letters worth letters worth letters worth this is an estimation based off of. this is an estimation based off of this is an estimation based off of the current Revenue the current one. The current Revenue the current one the current Revenue the current one fee is variable and so that estimation. Fee is variable and so that estimation fee is variable and so that estimation maybe overestimation or underestimation. Maybe overestimation or underestimation maybe overestimation or underestimation level run fee each doesn't change. level run fee each doesn't change level run fee each doesn't change super fast and so the estimation is good. Super fast and so the estimation is good super fast and so the estimation is good. Enough for us and so essentially you enough for us and so essentially you enough for us and so essentially you. Have a ceiling I'm saying it's like one have a ceiling I'm saying it's like one have a ceiling I'm saying it's like one. Year or six months or something like year or six months or something like year or six months or something like. That such that if the rent balance is at that such that if the rent balance is at. That such that if the rent balance is at or above that ceiling or above that ceiling. Or above that ceiling then on an overhead bumps on the then on an overhead bumps on the. then on an overhead bumps on the background bumps and you're not charged background bumps and you're not charged. Background bumps and you're not charged for the online recording love fee if for the online recording love fee if. For the online recording love fee if it's at the ceiling now in addition to it's at the ceiling now in addition to. It's at the ceiling now in addition to the small required and automatic the small required and automatic. The small required and automatic randoms there's also a operation that randoms there's also a operation that. Randoms there's also a operation that allows you to put as much rent as you allows you to put as much rent as you. Allows you to put as much rent as you want into the entry want into the entry want into the entry. which is called manually and so if which is called manually and so if which is called manually and so if. You have a particular King that you're you have a particular King that you're you have a particular King that you're. Interested in interested in interested in Beyond just the on top right bumps an. Beyond just the on top right bumps an Beyond just the on top right bumps an. Example of this would be a balance that example of this would be a balance that example of this would be a balance that. You want to keep live on The Ledger even you want to keep live on The Ledger even. You want to keep live on The Ledger even if you don't use it very often then you if you don't use it very often then you. If you don't use it very often then you can call this operation and buy an can call this operation and buy an. Can call this operation and buy an auditory amount so you can put you know auditory amount so you can put you know. Auditory amount so you can put you know a ton of X11 there and have your entry a ton of X11 there and have your entry. A ton of X11 there and have your entry exist almost indefinitely if you want to exist almost indefinitely if you want to. Exist almost indefinitely if you want to but that's essentially how the event but that's essentially how the event. but that's essentially how the event interface works with regards to the interface works with regards to the. Interface works with regards to the temporary Almanac versus manual rent temporary Almanac versus manual rent. Temporary Almanac versus manual rent bumps so so first new eventually Set yeah so if. First new eventually Set yeah so if first new eventually Set yeah so if you want to reset the room then you can. You want to reset the room then you can you want to reset the room then you can delete and create. Delete and create delete and create but outstanding rent balance is but outstanding rent balance is. but outstanding rent balance is burned currently the reason for burned currently the reason for. Burned currently the reason for burning we talked about a little while burning we talked about a little while. Burning we talked about a little while ago but essentially it can be gamed if ago but essentially it can be gamed if. Ago but essentially it can be gamed if you refund red balance you refund red balance. You refund red balance and so if you have and have setting and so if you have and have setting. and so if you have and have setting right balance when an entry is deleted right balance when an entry is deleted. Right balance when an entry is deleted you don't get it back so that's one you don't get it back so that's one. You don't get it back so that's one disadvantage to this quote-unquote reset disadvantage to this quote-unquote reset. Disadvantage to this quote-unquote reset the dean wants to answer your question I. The dean wants to answer your question I the dean wants to answer your question I. Don't think there's ever a motivation don't think there's ever a motivation don't think there's ever a motivation. For a rent reset like you know if you're for a rent reset like you know if you're. For a rent reset like you know if you're going to delete and create the entry going to delete and create the entry. Going to delete and create the entry just modify the entry with your new just modify the entry with your new. Just modify the entry with your new value and keep the the red ponds it's value and keep the the red ponds it's. Value and keep the the red ponds it's already there so we don't really know already there so we don't really know. Already there so we don't really know what you're talking about when you say what you're talking about when you say. What you're talking about when you say run reset but yes it is possible you run reset but yes it is possible you. Run reset but yes it is possible you just don't get your funds back I was said to answer your question. I was said to answer your question yeah yes so since those are how we yeah yes so since those are how we. yeah yes so since those are how we have not included explicit run bumps have not included explicit run bumps. Have not included explicit run bumps are not currently contract defined are not currently contract defined. Are not currently contract defined because that also opens the door for because that also opens the door for. because that also opens the door for briefing and Luscious uses if a contract briefing and Luscious uses if a contract. Briefing and Luscious uses if a contract defines like a super super large rent defines like a super super large rent. Defines like a super super large rent bottle bottle bottle like an insane fee like an insane fee. like an insane fee and so because of that contracts and so because of that contracts. and so because of that contracts do not Define red bumps the only way to do not Define red bumps the only way to. Do not Define red bumps the only way to Bob Reynolds is via an operation where Bob Reynolds is via an operation where. Bob Reynolds is via an operation where you specify the key you specify the key you specify the key. so contracts have new mechanism to so contracts have new mechanism to. so contracts have new mechanism to Bob rent now there is a proposal Bob rent now there is a proposal. Bob rent now there is a proposal called ice box or auxiliary about called ice box or auxiliary about. called ice box or auxiliary about bump bump bump that means what exposed to Smart. that means what exposed to Smart that means what exposed to Smart contracts. Contracts contracts if there are no other pressing issues if there are no other pressing issues. if there are no other pressing issues we can talk about that that is on the. We can talk about that that is on the we can talk about that that is on the. Topic today but it's not super ambient topic today but it's not super ambient topic today but it's not super ambient. If we have bigger fish to fry I know there's also been some discussion I know there's also been some discussion. Around around around transaction metas and results transaction metas and results . transaction metas and results and whether or not their hashes get and whether or not their hashes get. And whether or not their hashes get included included included is that something that you want to. is that something that you want to is that something that you want to talk now what's more important or. Talk now what's more important or talk now what's more important or what's more origin this or. What's more origin this or what's more origin this or garen's topic garen's topic. garen's topic I think Aaron's topic is more I think Aaron's topic is more I think Aaron's topic is more. Important than my like I might I think important than my like I might I think important than my like I might I think. My thing will take I can describe in my thing will take I can describe in my thing will take I can describe in. Like 30 seconds and I don't think we'd like 30 seconds and I don't think we'd like 30 seconds and I don't think we'd. Discuss it much but we can continue with discuss it much but we can continue with. Discuss it much but we can continue with this topic and spend maybe the last five. This topic and spend maybe the last five this topic and spend maybe the last five. Minutes minutes minutes on The Meta issue I'm not scared you're on The Meta issue I'm not scared you're. On The Meta issue I'm not scared you're done done done and then we can talk about Oxford thumbs. And then we can talk about Oxford thumbs and then we can talk about Oxford thumbs. yeah I'll save the last five minutes yeah I'll save the last five minutes yeah I'll save the last five minutes. For you for you for you that's good that's good that's good yeah so I guess to explain the issue. Yeah so I guess to explain the issue yeah so I guess to explain the issue so currently we have like this post one. So currently we have like this post one so currently we have like this post one or this this operation that bumps. Or this this operation that bumps or this this operation that bumps around explicitly and this automatic and. Around explicitly and this automatic and around explicitly and this automatic and. Pleasant Run bump but there is no way Pleasant Run bump but there is no way Pleasant Run bump but there is no way. For a smart contract to define a ramp up for a smart contract to define a ramp up. For a smart contract to define a ramp up action action action the reason for this twofold first . the reason for this twofold first the reason for this twofold first we want to maintain parallelism and so. We want to maintain parallelism and so we want to maintain parallelism and so one like kind of like what you would. One like kind of like what you would one like kind of like what you would think if a contract could Define run. Think if a contract could Define run think if a contract could Define run bumps. Bumps bumps an expected interface would be an expected interface would be . an expected interface would be let's say you have a value or you have let's say you have a value or you have. Let's say you have a value or you have an entry you checked your current rent an entry you checked your current rent. An entry you checked your current rent balance of that entry and if the rent balance of that entry and if the rent. Balance of that entry and if the rent balance is below some value then you balance is below some value then you. Balance is below some value then you bump it now the issue with this is it bump it now the issue with this is it. Bump it now the issue with this is it destroys our data dependency graph if destroys our data dependency graph if. Destroys our data dependency graph if you allow these conditional rent bumps you allow these conditional rent bumps. You allow these conditional rent bumps conditional thing you check the conditional thing you check the. conditional thing you check the current balance and only bump if it's current balance and only bump if it's. Current balance and only bump if it's below some threshold the reasoning for below some threshold the reasoning for. Below some threshold the reasoning for this is because this is because this is because. entries in both the read and read entries in both the read and read entries in both the read and read. Write sets are receiving this automatic write sets are receiving this automatic write sets are receiving this automatic. Bump bump bump you essentially have this dependency on you essentially have this dependency on. You essentially have this dependency on literally every entry in every literally every entry in every. Literally every entry in every transaction transaction transaction or in like a every transaction that. or in like a every transaction that or in like a every transaction that touches the same smart contract if you. Touches the same smart contract if you touches the same smart contract if you allow conditional bumps because even if. Allow conditional bumps because even if allow conditional bumps because even if an entry is in the read-only set. An entry is in the read-only set an entry is in the read-only set if it's you know because of the. if it's you know because of the if it's you know because of the automatic bumps. Automatic bumps automatic bumps the rent aspect of that entry is the rent aspect of that entry is. the rent aspect of that entry is implicitly turned into a reap right and implicitly turned into a reap right and. Implicitly turned into a reap right and so conditional red bumps destroy so conditional red bumps destroy. So conditional red bumps destroy parallelism so we don't want to allow parallelism so we don't want to allow. Parallelism so we don't want to allow that there are some potential ways we that there are some potential ways we. That there are some potential ways we can fix it or do like rent charges in can fix it or do like rent charges in. Can fix it or do like rent charges in different stages of application but it different stages of application but it. Different stages of application but it gets complicated really fast and so gets complicated really fast and so. Gets complicated really fast and so conditional rent bumps at least from conditional rent bumps at least from. Conditional rent bumps at least from version one or out of the picture version one or out of the picture. Version one or out of the picture now a possible second version now a possible second version. Now a possible second version is to allow green bumps is to allow green bumps is to allow green bumps. but not conditionally and so we would but not conditionally and so we would. but not conditionally and so we would not expose the rent balance to the not expose the rent balance to the. Not expose the rent balance to the contract but would allow a contract to contract but would allow a contract to. Contract but would allow a contract to define a rent bump define a rent bump define a rent bump. The issue with this is it opens the door the issue with this is it opens the door. The issue with this is it opens the door for either malicious griefing or just for either malicious griefing or just. For either malicious griefing or just accidental briefing by a bugs so for accidental briefing by a bugs so for. Accidental briefing by a bugs so for instance it would be a poor user instance it would be a poor user. Instance it would be a poor user interface if a button a smart contract interface if a button a smart contract. Interface if a button a smart contract caused someone to pay 10 years worth of caused someone to pay 10 years worth of. Caused someone to pay 10 years worth of rent on an entry that would be worthless rent on an entry that would be worthless. Rent on an entry that would be worthless in two days right in two days right in two days right. it's just open store to a large it's just open store to a large it's just open store to a large. Amount of bugs it also allows the amount of bugs it also allows the amount of bugs it also allows the. Contract to kind of like Define contract to kind of like Define contract to kind of like Define. Arbitrary fees arbitrary fees arbitrary fees which I'm not sure there's something. which I'm not sure there's something which I'm not sure there's something we want to do it's also not super useful. We want to do it's also not super useful we want to do it's also not super useful. If you can't conditionally check if you can't conditionally check if you can't conditionally check. so it doesn't seem like a great use so it doesn't seem like a great use so it doesn't seem like a great use. Case because it would be probably a bad case because it would be probably a bad case because it would be probably a bad. Idea to for a contract to Define idea to for a contract to Define idea to for a contract to Define. Behavior that every time you save you behavior that every time you save you behavior that every time you save you. Balance of that balance by six months or balance of that balance by six months or. Balance of that balance by six months or something something something if you can't shift around balance. if you can't shift around balance if you can't shift around balance because you can have very very high. Because you can have very very high because you can have very very high levels of rent balance. Levels of rent balance levels of rent balance and secondly and secondly and secondly. It's not very clear it's not very clear it's not very clear if you should do an explicit run bump. if you should do an explicit run bump if you should do an explicit run bump. So for instance say you have like a so for instance say you have like a so for instance say you have like a. Token contract that has to be balanced token contract that has to be balanced token contract that has to be balanced. It might see on paper that in efficient it might see on paper that in efficient it might see on paper that in efficient. Implementation is to check the rent implementation is to check the rent implementation is to check the rent. Balance and say okay we want this huge balance and say okay we want this huge balance and say okay we want this huge. Balance to always have six months of balance to always have six months of balance to always have six months of. Rent and so on every call of imbalance rent and so on every call of imbalance rent and so on every call of imbalance. We check the balance or we check the we check the balance or we check the we check the balance or we check the. Limit balance of the balance entry and limit balance of the balance entry and limit balance of the balance entry and. Then if it's blowing six months we bump then if it's blowing six months we bump then if it's blowing six months we bump. It now that works well if the owner of it now that works well if the owner of it now that works well if the owner of. That token balance is calling view that token balance is calling view that token balance is calling view. Balance however if a different user say balance however if a different user say balance however if a different user say. A user wants to charge that user some a user wants to charge that user some. A user wants to charge that user some amount and they call view balances to amount and they call view balances to. Amount and they call view balances to check to see how many coins that person check to see how many coins that person. Check to see how many coins that person has and they get charged rims that seems has and they get charged rims that seems. Has and they get charged rims that seems inappropriate and so it seems to be very. Inappropriate and so it seems to be very inappropriate and so it seems to be very. Difficult for contracts to Define difficult for contracts to Define difficult for contracts to Define. Situations or they actually should situations or they actually should situations or they actually should. Charge additional rent to the user charge additional rent to the user charge additional rent to the user. Because it's not always clear if the because it's not always clear if the because it's not always clear if the. Invoker is the owner of the entries invoker is the owner of the entries invoker is the owner of the entries. Being accessed or has an interest a being accessed or has an interest a being accessed or has an interest a. Vested interest and these entries remain vested interest and these entries remain. Vested interest and these entries remain live on the ledger so those are kind of live on the ledger so those are kind of. Live on the ledger so those are kind of the reasons why so far we haven't the reasons why so far we haven't. The reasons why so far we haven't defined rent bump functions that are defined rent bump functions that are. Defined rent bump functions that are exposed to the host contractors over to exposed to the host contractors over to. Exposed to the host contractors over to the smart contracts so that being said the smart contracts so that being said. The smart contracts so that being said there is one potential idea that we've there is one potential idea that we've. There is one potential idea that we've been floating around called auxiliary been floating around called auxiliary. Been floating around called auxiliary round bumps round bumps round bumps and there's a section of that. and there's a section of that and there's a section of that describes this describes this. Describes this on the second talk I shared which is on the second talk I shared which is. on the second talk I shared which is the rent proposal a CDS version doc the rent proposal a CDS version doc. The rent proposal a CDS version doc on the section called box rent on on the section called box rent on. on the section called box rent on post function so what this is is post function so what this is is. Post function so what this is is essentially essentially essentially you can Define this function called. you can Define this function called you can Define this function called ox and bump and it takes a single. Ox and bump and it takes a single ox and bump and it takes a single parameter which is the key and contracts. Parameter which is the key and contracts parameter which is the key and contracts. Can Define this and put it arbitrarily can Define this and put it arbitrarily can Define this and put it arbitrarily. And bump arbitrary Keys now the trick is and bump arbitrary Keys now the trick is. And bump arbitrary Keys now the trick is the contract can't Define how much to the contract can't Define how much to. The contract can't Define how much to buy the rent by and so all they can say buy the rent by and so all they can say. Buy the rent by and so all they can say is this entry should be bumped but they is this entry should be bumped but they. Is this entry should be bumped but they don't say it by how much and then and don't say it by how much and then and. Don't say it by how much and then and the footprint of the transaction you the footprint of the transaction you. The footprint of the transaction you would have an auxiliary Run pump value would have an auxiliary Run pump value. Would have an auxiliary Run pump value that the user can set to whatever they that the user can set to whatever they. That the user can set to whatever they want and so for instance if I'm calling want and so for instance if I'm calling. Want and so for instance if I'm calling view balance on a token contract and it view balance on a token contract and it. View balance on a token contract and it is in fact my own balance that I own I is in fact my own balance that I own I. Is in fact my own balance that I own I can set my auxiliary run bump to six can set my auxiliary run bump to six. Can set my auxiliary run bump to six months in the host function which means months in the host function which means. Months in the host function which means that anytime the smart contract calls that anytime the smart contract calls . That anytime the smart contract calls logs ramp bump logs ramp bump logs ramp bump. that entry would be bumped by six that entry would be bumped by six that entry would be bumped by six. Months but if I'm calling the balance on months but if I'm calling the balance on. Months but if I'm calling the balance on another user's token balance I don't another user's token balance I don't. Another user's token balance I don't care about then instead of setting you care about then instead of setting you. Care about then instead of setting you know odds to rent to six months I could know odds to rent to six months I could. Know odds to rent to six months I could set it to zero and so every call to aux set it to zero and so every call to aux. Set it to zero and so every call to aux rent bump would be a no-op because I rent bump would be a no-op because I. Rent bump would be a no-op because I don't want to pay an additional rent don't want to pay an additional rent. Don't want to pay an additional rent the advantage of the situation is that the advantage of the situation is that. The advantage of the situation is that while there is a manual function while there is a manual function. While there is a manual function to bump rent you need to specify the to bump rent you need to specify the. to bump rent you need to specify the keys and it's a difficult issue because keys and it's a difficult issue because. Keys and it's a difficult issue because the contract developers know what keys the contract developers know what keys. The contract developers know what keys belong to a user but the user knows belong to a user but the user knows. Belong to a user but the user knows their use case for how much bump or that their use case for how much bump or that. Their use case for how much bump or that they want to bump so if you can imagine they want to bump so if you can imagine. They want to bump so if you can imagine a smart contract might have you know a smart contract might have you know. A smart contract might have you know three different types of data associated three different types of data associated. Three different types of data associated with a single user so for instance a with a single user so for instance a. With a single user so for instance a token contract might have both a balance token contract might have both a balance. Token contract might have both a balance tied to a user's account that has one tied to a user's account that has one. Tied to a user's account that has one key and then say a nonce with a key and then say a nonce with a. Key and then say a nonce with a different key that's also type of user different key that's also type of user. Different key that's also type of user and so to be able to properly use my and so to be able to properly use my. And so to be able to properly use my balance I need both entries to be live balance I need both entries to be live. Balance I need both entries to be live now if I'm not you know very now if I'm not you know very. Now if I'm not you know very sophisticated or I haven't read the sophisticated or I haven't read the. Sophisticated or I haven't read the contract code in depth contract code in depth. Contract code in depth I may I even believe that I only need I may I even believe that I only need. I may I even believe that I only need to bump my balance entry and so I'll to bump my balance entry and so I'll. To bump my balance entry and so I'll find my balance entry key do my host find my balance entry key do my host. Find my balance entry key do my host I'll put six months in there but if I I'll put six months in there but if I. I'll put six months in there but if I don't want my Notch value then it don't want my Notch value then it. Don't want my Notch value then it doesn't matter because the knots will be doesn't matter because the knots will be. Doesn't matter because the knots will be sent to the archive it's impossible and sent to the archive it's impossible and. Sent to the archive it's impossible and so it seems reasonable for the contract so it seems reasonable for the contract. So it seems reasonable for the contract to Define essentially groups of keys to Define essentially groups of keys. To Define essentially groups of keys that belong to a user and this aux rep that belong to a user and this aux rep. That belong to a user and this aux rep bump function allows contracts to do bump function allows contracts to do. Bump function allows contracts to do that that that essentially what you would do is the. Essentially what you would do is the essentially what you would do is the contract would call Ox rent bump both on. Contract would call Ox rent bump both on contract would call Ox rent bump both on. My token balance entry as well as my my token balance entry as well as my my token balance entry as well as my. Token non-century and so then when I token non-century and so then when I token non-century and so then when I. Call that function I'll have to specify call that function I'll have to specify call that function I'll have to specify. Specify one value aux rent bump six specify one value aux rent bump six specify one value aux rent bump six. Months and then both entries are months and then both entries are months and then both entries are. Properly bumped and so this is kind of properly bumped and so this is kind of properly bumped and so this is kind of. An interface such that the contract an interface such that the contract an interface such that the contract. Developers can Define which groups of developers can Define which groups of developers can Define which groups of. Keys are bumped and then the caller keys are bumped and then the caller keys are bumped and then the caller. Defines how much those groups are bumped defines how much those groups are bumped. Defines how much those groups are bumped by by by now the issue is I'm not sure how useful. Now the issue is I'm not sure how useful now the issue is I'm not sure how useful. This would be in practice and also seems this would be in practice and also seems. This would be in practice and also seems a little complicated and so I guess this. A little complicated and so I guess this a little complicated and so I guess this. The the question here is do we want to the the question here is do we want to the the question here is do we want to. Allow smart contracts to Define Rebels allow smart contracts to Define Rebels allow smart contracts to Define Rebels. At all and if we do if it is a strong at all and if we do if it is a strong at all and if we do if it is a strong. Requirement that they'd be able to requirement that they'd be able to requirement that they'd be able to. Define bumps is this aux rent bump Define bumps is this aux rent bump Define bumps is this aux rent bump. Workable or do we need to think about a workable or do we need to think about a workable or do we need to think about a. Little bit more and figure out a simpler little bit more and figure out a simpler. Little bit more and figure out a simpler maybe easier solution do we actually need that to be in the. Do we actually need that to be in the protocol I think if we like I thought protocol I think if we like I thought. Protocol I think if we like I thought last time we discussed having like a last time we discussed having like a. Last time we discussed having like a self-like self-like self-like you know basically like people. You know basically like people you know basically like people standardized on a standardized on a. Standardized on a maybe a method or something that you maybe a method or something that you. Maybe a method or something that you know you would know you would know you would. Increment increment increment as a yeah as I said right that basically as a yeah as I said right that basically. As a yeah as I said right that basically tells you a bunch of hints like that and. Tells you a bunch of hints like that and tells you a bunch of hints like that and. Then then then only maybe like incorporate this type of only maybe like incorporate this type of. Only maybe like incorporate this type of functionality into the protocol if there. Functionality into the protocol if there functionality into the protocol if there. Is like is like is like something that ends up something that ends up something that ends up. You know working for the majority of you know working for the majority of you know working for the majority of. People I feel like we are trying to dig people I feel like we are trying to dig people I feel like we are trying to dig. Something at the low level something at the low level something at the low level and set it all specific here. I think there's like the the motivation I think there's like the the motivation for this is a bit problematic because. For this is a bit problematic because for this is a bit problematic because we're saying. We're saying we're saying you know like calling manually the you know like calling manually the. you know like calling manually the the the rent bump operation might be the the rent bump operation might be. The the rent bump operation might be kind of like more complex but at the end kind of like more complex but at the end. Kind of like more complex but at the end of the day neither of these are actually. Of the day neither of these are actually of the day neither of these are actually. Going to be performed by the by the going to be performed by the by the going to be performed by the by the. Users themselves right this is going to users themselves right this is going to users themselves right this is going to. Be managed by the wallet the user be managed by the wallet the user be managed by the wallet the user. Doesn't necessarily understand the doesn't necessarily understand the doesn't necessarily understand the. Difference or care about the difference difference or care about the difference difference or care about the difference. And from that perspective these two and from that perspective these two and from that perspective these two. Don't sound don't sound don't sound it doesn't sound like enough it doesn't sound like enough. It doesn't sound like enough like we gain enough to to like we gain enough to to. like we gain enough to to justify The increased complexity here yeah that sounds reasonable to me I was. Yeah that sounds reasonable to me I was in super strong at this point so just in super strong at this point so just. In super strong at this point so just to finalize this and I'll let Sid to finalize this and I'll let Sid. To finalize this and I'll let Sid talk for a bit talk for a bit talk for a bit. So are we good with moving forward on so are we good with moving forward on so are we good with moving forward on. Rent rent rent with automatic rent bumps and then with automatic rent bumps and then. with automatic rent bumps and then manual run bumps via this operation are manual run bumps via this operation are. Manual run bumps via this operation are we good with that it sounds like some people are. It sounds like some people are discussing discussing discussing a host function where you provide keys. A host function where you provide keys a host function where you provide keys to bump. To bump to bump did we decide on doing that like in did we decide on doing that like in. did we decide on doing that like in contracts you you would provide like a contracts you you would provide like a. Contracts you you would provide like a list of keys to get bumped but not the list of keys to get bumped but not the. List of keys to get bumped but not the not the amount not the amount not the amount. Well that's what I was discussing this well that's what I was discussing this well that's what I was discussing this. Is what the box front bump is redefine is what the box front bump is redefine is what the box front bump is redefine. The set of keys to button but not the the set of keys to button but not the the set of keys to button but not the. Amount to button and then the amount amount to button and then the amount amount to button and then the amount. Would be specified in the footprint would be specified in the footprint would be specified in the footprint. it's a complex and kind of Niche it's a complex and kind of Niche it's a complex and kind of Niche. Solutions so maybe it's not really Solutions so maybe it's not really Solutions so maybe it's not really. Required required required okay nope let's do it nope let's do it Okay so Okay so. Okay so we initially decided to include so we initially decided to include so. we initially decided to include so right now the sorbine events exist in right now the sorbine events exist in. Right now the sorbine events exist in the transaction meta and transaction the transaction meta and transaction. The transaction meta and transaction meta V3 and The Meta is not included meta V3 and The Meta is not included. Meta V3 and The Meta is not included in the Ledger it's not hashed anywhere in the Ledger it's not hashed anywhere. In the Ledger it's not hashed anywhere so we and initially we said we would so we and initially we said we would. So we and initially we said we would hash the the components of the meta hash the the components of the meta. Hash the the components of the meta most importantly the events and include most importantly the events and include. Most importantly the events and include this hash somewhere somewhere in the this hash somewhere somewhere in the. This hash somewhere somewhere in the ledger so initially it was going to be ledger so initially it was going to be. Ledger so initially it was going to be in transaction result in transaction result. In transaction result in a new transaction result but this in a new transaction result but this. in a new transaction result but this would have caused would have caused would have caused. A lot of Downstream issues and we a lot of Downstream issues and we a lot of Downstream issues and we. Decided instead to move it into the decided instead to move it into the decided instead to move it into the. Ledger header but more recently after Ledger header but more recently after. Ledger header but more recently after discussing with Nico we decided to just discussing with Nico we decided to just. Discussing with Nico we decided to just not not hash it anywhere and just not not hash it anywhere and just. Not not hash it anywhere and just include in the meta and include in the meta and. Include in the meta and which is which you know we should be which is which you know we should be. which is which you know we should be fine for now and if we need some way to fine for now and if we need some way to. Fine for now and if we need some way to add proofs for events we can add it on add proofs for events we can add it on. Add proofs for events we can add it on later instead of you know doing putting later instead of you know doing putting. Later instead of you know doing putting in a solution now that may not be in a solution now that may not be. In a solution now that may not be sufficient sufficient sufficient now we haven't discussed this much so. Now we haven't discussed this much so now we haven't discussed this much so. This is an opportunity for anyone to this is an opportunity for anyone to this is an opportunity for anyone to. provide any concerns with this with provide any concerns with this with provide any concerns with this with. This process if there are no concerns then we can if there are no concerns then we can. Go ahead I mean I'm I'm very slightly go ahead I mean I'm I'm very slightly go ahead I mean I'm I'm very slightly. Concerned that concerned that concerned that something we were recording we're going. Something we were recording we're going something we were recording we're going to be not recording . To be not recording to be not recording in some ways it gives us you know more. In some ways it gives us you know more in some ways it gives us you know more wiggle room in the in that we're not . Wiggle room in the in that we're not wiggle room in the in that we're not you know we can we can do replay without. You know we can we can do replay without you know we can we can do replay without. Reproducing the exact same events as reproducing the exact same events as reproducing the exact same events as. Last time last time last time but it also means that if we do replay but it also means that if we do replay. But it also means that if we do replay and we and we completely break events and we and we completely break events. And we and we completely break events for example we won't notice that fact for example we won't notice that fact. For example we won't notice that fact so there's a sort of so there's a sort of. So there's a sort of error checking aspect to recording error checking aspect to recording. Error checking aspect to recording things that is being given up here right but that yeah that is a good point. but that yeah that is a good point like events events events don't go into like events events events don't go into. Like events events events don't go into blender and so if the it's some sort of blender and so if the it's some sort of. Blender and so if the it's some sort of a question of whether the events that a question of whether the events that. A question of whether the events that are emitted by a contract are considered are emitted by a contract are considered. Are emitted by a contract are considered a canonical part of the contracts a canonical part of the contracts. A canonical part of the contracts interaction with the world or or an interaction with the world or or an. Interaction with the world or or an incidental detail that you know we can incidental detail that you know we can. Incidental detail that you know we can we can just feel free to break or we can just feel free to break or. We can just feel free to break or whatever whatever whatever yeah I don't think we would want to. Yeah I don't think we would want to yeah I don't think we would want to break obviously obviously we don't want. Break obviously obviously we don't want break obviously obviously we don't want to break it but yeah so I mean if it's. To break it but yeah so I mean if it's to break it but yeah so I mean if it's if this is a validation question you. If this is a validation question you if this is a validation question you know on our end we like you know before. Know on our end we like you know before know on our end we like you know before before we add any type of anything. Before we add any type of anything before we add any type of anything related to this we could just add some. Related to this we could just add some related to this we could just add some validation right where we make sure the. Validation right where we make sure the validation right where we make sure the meta doesn't change. Meta doesn't change meta doesn't change which which we might do already right which which we might do already right. which which we might do already right we do that already we do that already we do that already we do that already. We do that already we do that already yeah so so if there's if there's any any yeah so so if there's if there's any any. Yeah so so if there's if there's any any unit test that does unit test that does . Unit test that does event emitting in star core that'll event emitting in star core that'll. Event emitting in star core that'll that'll get caught up there because we that'll get caught up there because we. That'll get caught up there because we just record them better directly but just record them better directly but. Just record them better directly but yeah so I mean from that perspective I yeah so I mean from that perspective I I. Yeah so I mean from that perspective I think we should be fine and you know the. Think we should be fine and you know the think we should be fine and you know the. Bigger reason to not do this was bigger reason to not do this was bigger reason to not do this was. Even though we you know in the old even though we you know in the old even though we you know in the old. Proposal we had a way to calculate to proposal we had a way to calculate to proposal we had a way to calculate to. Like verify cryptographically verify like verify cryptographically verify like verify cryptographically verify. That the event was in a ledger but the that the event was in a ledger but the that the event was in a ledger but the. Process was very complex and process was very complex and process was very complex and. Realistically I don't think anyone would realistically I don't think anyone would. Realistically I don't think anyone would be doing it anytime soon right be doing it anytime soon right. Be doing it anytime soon right so it made sense to so it made sense to so it made sense to. Yeah I'm I think I'm I'm less I'm less there's so yeah there's two completely there's so yeah there's two completely. There's so yeah there's two completely different use cases for this one of them different use cases for this one of them. Different use cases for this one of them is is like is is like is is like . Brief basically you know so brief basically you know so brief basically you know so. Someone someone wants to argue that hey someone someone wants to argue that hey someone someone wants to argue that hey. I saw this event and and you claim I saw this event and and you claim I saw this event and and you claim. It didn't happen and I'm gonna go prove it didn't happen and I'm gonna go prove it didn't happen and I'm gonna go prove. That it did happen that it did happen that it did happen the other is sort of consensus and. The other is sort of consensus and the other is sort of consensus and integrity like does does the record. Integrity like does does the record integrity like does does the record Force us into. Force us into Force us into replaying something precisely or not and replaying something precisely or not and. Replaying something precisely or not and I can see that being both both a I can see that being both both a. I can see that being both both a blessing and a curse we we've actually blessing and a curse we we've actually. Blessing and a curse we we've actually spent a lot of time trying to subdivide spent a lot of time trying to subdivide. Spent a lot of time trying to subdivide things that we want to be recorded things that we want to be recorded. Things that we want to be recorded precisely versus things that we don't precisely versus things that we don't. Precisely versus things that we don't want to be like we want like diagnostic want to be like we want like diagnostic. Want to be like we want like diagnostic events and and you know print statements events and and you know print statements. Events and and you know print statements and all this other kind of stuff that and all this other kind of stuff that. And all this other kind of stuff that the user can can just sort of sprinkle the user can can just sort of sprinkle. The user can can just sort of sprinkle in willy-nilly and that the operators in willy-nilly and that the operators. In willy-nilly and that the operators can bring along and and us as core can bring along and and us as core. Can bring along and and us as core developers can put in without becoming developers can put in without becoming. Developers can put in without becoming canonical and so we've had this whole canonical and so we've had this whole. Canonical and so we've had this whole question of subdividing things to question of subdividing things to. Question of subdividing things to canonical or non-canonical in the event canonical or non-canonical in the event. Canonical or non-canonical in the event stream now here you're just saying let's stream now here you're just saying let's. Stream now here you're just saying let's just make basically we'll make the just make basically we'll make the. Just make basically we'll make the entire event stream non-canonical right entire event stream non-canonical right. Entire event stream non-canonical right like it yeah like it yeah like it yeah it's it's nice it's nice if we keep it. It's it's nice it's nice if we keep it it's it's nice it's nice if we keep it the same from one from One release to. The same from one from One release to the same from one from One release to the next but it's not actually part of. The next but it's not actually part of the next but it's not actually part of The Ledger and part of me is okay with. The Ledger and part of me is okay with The Ledger and part of me is okay with that. That that everyone who has thought about using everyone who has thought about using. Events for sort of canonical reference events for sort of canonical reference events for sort of canonical reference. Purposes feels okay with that because it purposes feels okay with that because it. Purposes feels okay with that because it seems like a big change to me but it's seems like a big change to me but it's. Seems like a big change to me but it's it's one that I can live with certainly it's one that I can live with certainly. It's one that I can live with certainly it makes life easier in many ways for us it makes life easier in many ways for us. It makes life easier in many ways for us do you guys hear me do you guys hear me do you guys hear me. Yeah yeah yeah yeah like the thing that Britain yeah yeah like the thing that Britain yeah. yeah like the thing that Britain yeah you brought up I think it's something you brought up I think it's something. You brought up I think it's something that I that I that I yeah I was not really thinking about. Yeah I was not really thinking about yeah I was not really thinking about that's actually. That's actually that's actually product so like for the verification is product so like for the verification is. Product so like for the verification is through the through the through the yeah like which is the thing I was. Yeah like which is the thing I was yeah like which is the thing I was like thinking about when I said hey. Like thinking about when I said hey like thinking about when I said hey let's remove this . Let's remove this let's remove this it doesn't we don't really care I think. It doesn't we don't really care I think it doesn't we don't really care I think for the. Being able to replay historical data being able to replay historical data you know with High Fidelity this is. you know with High Fidelity this is you know with High Fidelity this is the only signal we can get. The only signal we can get the only signal we can get and if we don't include it anywhere. And if we don't include it anywhere and if we don't include it anywhere we're going to not be able to guarantee. We're going to not be able to guarantee we're going to not be able to guarantee that and. That and that and until we have you know until we have you know . until we have you know effect coverage in the absorband in the effect coverage in the absorband in the. Effect coverage in the absorband in the actual code base for how we produce actual code base for how we produce. Actual code base for how we produce those events that I don't feel very those events that I don't feel very. Those events that I don't feel very good actually good actually good actually about not having this anywhere. About not having this anywhere about not having this anywhere so maybe we should actually go back to. So maybe we should actually go back to so maybe we should actually go back to make. Make make put this maybe it's just the advantage put this maybe it's just the advantage. Put this maybe it's just the advantage or something in the or something in the or something in the. In the transaction result which was kind in the transaction result which was kind. In the transaction result which was kind of the info server I mean now that of the info server I mean now that. Of the info server I mean now that we're actually back to only one we're actually back to only one. We're actually back to only one one operation basically for Servant one operation basically for Servant. One operation basically for Servant transactions maybe this is not so bad transactions maybe this is not so bad. Transactions maybe this is not so bad are you saying are you saying are you saying. Using the transaction result of The using the transaction result of The using the transaction result of The. Ledger header Ledger header Ledger header no not to use The Ledger header it would. No not to use The Ledger header it would no not to use The Ledger header it would. Be not a normal result for server be not a normal result for server be not a normal result for server. For the Soroban invoke for the Soroban invoke for the Soroban invoke what's the name of that idea. And just have that there and it's we get and just have that there and it's we get. It for free basically oh in the result in the result yeah it's oh in the result in the result yeah it's. Including the hash because that that's including the hash because that that's including the hash because that that's. Actually the thing I'm really worried actually the thing I'm really worried actually the thing I'm really worried. About here is that I'm not sure we can about here is that I'm not sure we can about here is that I'm not sure we can. Guarantee that we'll have guarantee that we'll have guarantee that we'll have that the test coverage will be that good. That the test coverage will be that good that the test coverage will be that good. Okay so okay so okay so thank you thank you thank you sir go ahead yes for historical replay I. Sir go ahead yes for historical replay I sir go ahead yes for historical replay I. Think that's the thing I'm really think that's the thing I'm really think that's the thing I'm really. Worried about is that we break events worried about is that we break events worried about is that we break events. Basically basically basically for for for for older managers and we won't know. For older managers and we won't know for older managers and we won't know this this. This okay okay okay because this is related to another because this is related to another. because this is related to another issue we need to deal with which is that issue we need to deal with which is that. Issue we need to deal with which is that in low cost function up right now in low cost function up right now. In low cost function up right now Returns the SC value which will Returns the SC value which will. Returns the SC value which will actually be a like a vector of SC actually be a like a vector of SC. Actually be a like a vector of SC dollars we moved to multi-invoke so that dollars we moved to multi-invoke so that. Dollars we moved to multi-invoke so that should be moved to the meta as well and should be moved to the meta as well and. Should be moved to the meta as well and all that can be hashed events and the all that can be hashed events and the. All that can be hashed events and the return value can be hashed and included return value can be hashed and included. Return value can be hashed and included in the in low post-op result that's what in the in low post-op result that's what. In the in low post-op result that's what you're saying right you're saying right you're saying right. So I thought what we said what the the so I thought what we said what the the so I thought what we said what the the. This result should actually become a this result should actually become a this result should actually become a. System event system event system event right right right yeah I'm not sure we haven't discussed. Yeah I'm not sure we haven't discussed yeah I'm not sure we haven't discussed like the I guess the format is still up. Like the I guess the format is still up like the I guess the format is still up for debate but yeah. For debate but yeah for debate but yeah yeah the SC value is actually so the yeah the SC value is actually so the. Yeah the SC value is actually so the actual result that you create of the actual result that you create of the. Actual result that you create of the operation operation operation should be a hash. Should be a hash should be a hash that points to Mira that was emitted that points to Mira that was emitted. That points to Mira that was emitted basically right and then the meta would basically right and then the meta would. Basically right and then the meta would include a bunch of hashes the result so include a bunch of hashes the result so. Include a bunch of hashes the result so I mean or events sorry I mean or events sorry. I mean or events sorry and potentially we can include the and potentially we can include the. and potentially we can include the The Ledger changes as well there The Ledger changes as well there. The Ledger changes as well there okay okay okay yeah so that was kind of the original. Yeah so that was kind of the original yeah so that was kind of the original plan I guess but maybe a slightly. Plan I guess but maybe a slightly plan I guess but maybe a slightly different now because. Yeah since then we moved the SC value yeah since then we moved the SC value results to the events. Results to the events results to the events as an event to be an event yeah well as an event to be an event yeah well. As an event to be an event yeah well just to be clear that hasn't happened just to be clear that hasn't happened. Just to be clear that hasn't happened yet but but we should yeah all those yet but but we should yeah all those. Yet but but we should yeah all those changes make sense together yeah yeah changes make sense together yeah yeah. Changes make sense together yeah yeah yeah I think yeah I think I can update . I think yeah I think I can update we have some issues and PR's open for we have some issues and PR's open for. We have some issues and PR's open for this so I'll go and update them and this so I'll go and update them and. This so I'll go and update them and this makes sense this makes sense this makes sense. Yeah yeah yeah because that we were completely blind on because that we were completely blind on. Because that we were completely blind on this one so we are so we are going to wind up. So we are so we are going to wind up having basically the just just just a having basically the just just just a. Having basically the just just just a Fidelity check of like a hash for Fidelity check of like a hash for. Fidelity check of like a hash for identity yeah identity yeah identity yeah so that we have a way to to guarantee. So that we have a way to to guarantee so that we have a way to to guarantee that we are not breaking historical. That we are not breaking historical that we are not breaking historical replays I mean it also forces us to. Replays I mean it also forces us to replays I mean it also forces us to maintain Fidelity right which means that. Maintain Fidelity right which means that maintain Fidelity right which means that. We yeah exactly accidentally emitting an we yeah exactly accidentally emitting an. We yeah exactly accidentally emitting an event we're going to have backwards event we're going to have backwards. Event we're going to have backwards compatibility code that we have to jam compatibility code that we have to jam. Compatibility code that we have to jam in there that in there that in there that might get annoying. I just wanted I just wanted to bring it I just wanted I just wanted to bring it up but not I'm not. Up but not I'm not up but not I'm not I don't feel I'm happy either way I guess anyway I. I'm happy either way I guess anyway I just I just want to make sure we or saw just I just want to make sure we or saw. Just I just want to make sure we or saw these there sorry the end at the end of State we're. Sorry the end at the end of State we're we're talking about is so it sounds like we're talking about is so it sounds like. We're talking about is so it sounds like we are going to include the hash in the we are going to include the hash in the. We are going to include the hash in the in the co-stop result of of all the in the co-stop result of of all the. in the co-stop result of of all the results results results and events because the events and the. And events because the events and the and events because the events and the results do the same thing now results. Results do the same thing now results results do the same thing now results yeah okay yeah. Yeah okay yeah yeah okay yeah all right all right all right and that winds up in the header but we. And that winds up in the header but we and that winds up in the header but we don't but we're not going to have that. Don't but we're not going to have that don't but we're not going to have that sort of monstrous reproduction of. Sort of monstrous reproduction of sort of monstrous reproduction of transaction result V2 and no no okay. Transaction result V2 and no no okay transaction result V2 and no no okay so it's a sort of a mini addition to the. So it's a sort of a mini addition to the so it's a sort of a mini addition to the. Ledger header that but we don't have to change the letter but we don't have to change the letter. Editor at all right if we just change editor at all right if we just change editor at all right if we just change. The invoke host of function up result oh the invoke host of function up result oh. The invoke host of function up result oh so this so the result so this so the result. So this so the result director is got the half now director is got the half now director is got the half now. That's what it sounds like yeah yeah that's what it sounds like yeah yeah that's what it sounds like yeah yeah. Because the other way would be making a because the other way would be making a because the other way would be making a. Result translation result D2 which would result translation result D2 which would. Result translation result D2 which would be annoying that would be it yeah yeah be annoying that would be it yeah yeah. Be annoying that would be it yeah yeah or or transaction meta V2 like you've or or transaction meta V2 like you've. Or or transaction meta V2 like you've gone through several iterations with gone through several iterations with. Gone through several iterations with this right there's a version where you this right there's a version where you. This right there's a version where you where you Fork transaction result where you Fork transaction result. Where you Fork transaction result there's a version where you're forked there's a version where you're forked. There's a version where you're forked contacted meta contacted meta contacted meta. Yeah we need a new meta but I don't yeah we need a new meta but I don't yeah we need a new meta but I don't. Think we need a new result new think we need a new result new think we need a new result new. Transaction result do we actually need a transaction result do we actually need a. Transaction result do we actually need a new meta if we have new meta if we have new meta if we have. If we're just taking this in the up if we're just taking this in the up if we're just taking this in the up. Result you still need to put the events result you still need to put the events result you still need to put the events. And the results like the events of the and the results like the events of the and the results like the events of the. Matter right like you know we have we have a like you know we have we have a transaction meta V3 struct. Transaction meta V3 struct transaction meta V3 struct I thought I thought I thought. Oh you oh you need that in order for the oh you oh you need that in order for the. Oh you oh you need that in order for the events to actually just go somewhere events to actually just go somewhere. Events to actually just go somewhere like for it's for yeah actually like for it's for yeah actually. Like for it's for yeah actually extract them okay so but you're not but extract them okay so but you're not but. Extract them okay so but you're not but you're not going to hatch that meta no you're not going to hatch that meta no. You're not going to hatch that meta no no but you are going to have those no but you are going to have those. No but you are going to have those events into the transaction result yeah events into the transaction result yeah. Events into the transaction result yeah okay so the events wind up in two okay so the events wind up in two. Okay so the events wind up in two different places they wind up they're different places they wind up they're. Different places they wind up they're full their full content wind up in the full their full content wind up in the. Full their full content wind up in the in the Met of e3 so that Horizon can in the Met of e3 so that Horizon can. In the Met of e3 so that Horizon can read it and their hashes wind up read it and their hashes wind up. Read it and their hashes wind up incorporated into the transaction result incorporated into the transaction result. Incorporated into the transaction result which is just a normal transaction which is just a normal transaction. Which is just a normal transaction result yeah result yeah result yeah okay yeah I can live with that for sure. Okay we are okay we are after time any final words from after time any final words from. after time any final words from anyone anyone anyone okay let's keep the discussion going . Okay let's keep the discussion going okay let's keep the discussion going in Discord thank you all for joining. In Discord thank you all for joining in Discord thank you all for joining have a great rest of your day.
