Life okay we are live I'm gonna give life okay we are live I'm gonna give this just another couple seconds to let. This just another couple seconds to let this just another couple seconds to let everybody get settled and then we will. Everybody get settled and then we will everybody get settled and then we will get started so thanks everyone for. Get started so thanks everyone for get started so thanks everyone for joining us okay I think I'm gonna go ahead and get. Okay I think I'm gonna go ahead and get started here all right started here all right. Started here all right so hello everyone thanks for joining so hello everyone thanks for joining. So hello everyone thanks for joining wherever you are in the world my name is wherever you are in the world my name is. Wherever you are in the world my name is Lisa nester and I work on the ecosystem Lisa nester and I work on the ecosystem. Lisa nester and I work on the ecosystem team at the Stellar development team at the Stellar development. Team at the Stellar development foundation and today I will be your foundation and today I will be your. Foundation and today I will be your moderator for our first ever virtual moderator for our first ever virtual. Moderator for our first ever virtual roundtable where the focus of our roundtable where the focus of our. Roundtable where the focus of our discussion will be on a new sub proposal discussion will be on a new sub proposal. Discussion will be on a new sub proposal that focuses on what we call that focuses on what we call. That focuses on what we call send/receive send/receive send/receive transactions so we'll dive more into. Transactions so we'll dive more into transactions so we'll dive more into this and certainly all of the details of. This and certainly all of the details of this and certainly all of the details of. The send/receive proposal however first the send/receive proposal however first the send/receive proposal however first. I'll give a quick outline of the agenda I'll give a quick outline of the agenda I'll give a quick outline of the agenda. So I will begin by providing a quick so I will begin by providing a quick so I will begin by providing a quick. Introduction to everyone about what a introduction to everyone about what a introduction to everyone about what a. Stellar SEP is and this dollar set Stellar SEP is and this dollar set Stellar SEP is and this dollar set. Ecosystem will then move to the ecosystem will then move to the ecosystem will then move to the. Send/receive depth discussion providing send/receive depth discussion providing send/receive depth discussion providing. A short overview of the purpose of this a short overview of the purpose of this a short overview of the purpose of this. SEP as well as decisions that have been SEP as well as decisions that have been SEP as well as decisions that have been. Made today and then we will open it up made today and then we will open it up made today and then we will open it up. To our roundtable participants to start to our roundtable participants to start to our roundtable participants to start. Having a discussion and sorting through having a discussion and sorting through having a discussion and sorting through. Pending details then at the end we will pending details then at the end we will pending details then at the end we will. Also try and leave some time for Q&A also try and leave some time for Q&A. Also try and leave some time for Q&A from any anybody who streaming in and from any anybody who streaming in and. From any anybody who streaming in and participating this in this discussion as participating this in this discussion as. Participating this in this discussion as an audience member so please feel free an audience member so please feel free. An audience member so please feel free to add any questions on the the youtube to add any questions on the the youtube. To add any questions on the the youtube question chat box as you'd like so go question chat box as you'd like so go. Question chat box as you'd like so go ahead and dive into things what is a ahead and dive into things what is a. Ahead and dive into things what is a step so a SUP is a Stellar native term step so a SUP is a Stellar native term. Step so a SUP is a Stellar native term that stands for a Stellar ecosystem that stands for a Stellar ecosystem. That stands for a Stellar ecosystem proposal and so steps are publicly proposal and so steps are publicly. Proposal and so steps are publicly created open source documents that live created open source documents that live. Created open source documents that live in a github repository and facilitate in a github repository and facilitate. In a github repository and facilitate the creation and eventual adoption of the creation and eventual adoption of. The creation and eventual adoption of technical standards within the Stellar technical standards within the Stellar. Technical standards within the Stellar ecosystem these are standards above the ecosystem these are standards above the. Ecosystem these are standards above the core protocol layer so these are really core protocol layer so these are really. Core protocol layer so these are really eCos eCos eCos some level proposals and standards so so. Some level proposals and standards so so some level proposals and standards so so. Provide a kind of short overview subs provide a kind of short overview subs provide a kind of short overview subs. Are really a dynamic way of introducing are really a dynamic way of introducing are really a dynamic way of introducing. New standards to the protocol for the new standards to the protocol for the new standards to the protocol for the. Ecosystem above the Stellar Network so ecosystem above the Stellar Network so ecosystem above the Stellar Network so. These are things that really helped to these are things that really helped to these are things that really helped to. Develop use cases that are being develop use cases that are being develop use cases that are being. Implemented and tested by companies and implemented and tested by companies and implemented and tested by companies and. Individuals across the Stellar ecosystem individuals across the Stellar ecosystem. Individuals across the Stellar ecosystem and as new ideas or kind of new use and as new ideas or kind of new use. And as new ideas or kind of new use cases are developed they can be cases are developed they can be. Cases are developed they can be introduced in the form of a set to start introduced in the form of a set to start. Introduced in the form of a set to start creating technical standards and creating technical standards and. Creating technical standards and adoption across the ecosystem and it's adoption across the ecosystem and it's. Adoption across the ecosystem and it's worth noting that you know steps within worth noting that you know steps within. Worth noting that you know steps within the cellar ecosystem much of them have the cellar ecosystem much of them have. The cellar ecosystem much of them have been inspired by the IETF just to give a been inspired by the IETF just to give a. Been inspired by the IETF just to give a quick view of the SEP overview process quick view of the SEP overview process. Quick view of the SEP overview process for anyone that would be interested and for anyone that would be interested and. For anyone that would be interested and doing this themselves or getting more doing this themselves or getting more. Doing this themselves or getting more involved in other steps that are being involved in other steps that are being. Involved in other steps that are being introduced so this really starts with an introduced so this really starts with an. Introduced so this really starts with an introduction or kind of initial introduction or kind of initial. Introduction or kind of initial discussion so there's a use case there's discussion so there's a use case there's. Discussion so there's a use case there's a type of transaction or you know a type. A type of transaction or you know a type a type of transaction or you know a type. Of operation that someone wants to do in of operation that someone wants to do in. Of operation that someone wants to do in the Stellar ecosystem and there's not the Stellar ecosystem and there's not. The Stellar ecosystem and there's not really a standard easy way to implement really a standard easy way to implement. Really a standard easy way to implement this so they will reach out and and this so they will reach out and and. This so they will reach out and and start kind of talking with other people start kind of talking with other people. Start kind of talking with other people an ecosystem including SDF to get a an ecosystem including SDF to get a. An ecosystem including SDF to get a sense of other people would have a sense of other people would have a. Sense of other people would have a similar desire they see a similar need similar desire they see a similar need. Similar desire they see a similar need and also to get feedback on kind of and also to get feedback on kind of. And also to get feedback on kind of other other iterations of how that use other other iterations of how that use. Other other iterations of how that use case might work after those kind of case might work after those kind of. Case might work after those kind of precept discussions happen then an precept discussions happen then an. Precept discussions happen then an actual step is drafted and so you know actual step is drafted and so you know. Actual step is drafted and so you know this usually comes in the form of a pull this usually comes in the form of a pull. This usually comes in the form of a pull request and the github repository at request and the github repository at. Request and the github repository at that point there's a lot of continued that point there's a lot of continued. That point there's a lot of continued discussion further iterations and discussion further iterations and. Discussion further iterations and merging of the proposal itself which merging of the proposal itself which. Merging of the proposal itself which then will actually get changed into a then will actually get changed into a. Then will actually get changed into a formal draft formal draft formal draft once that draft is developed then it. once that draft is developed then it once that draft is developed then it will kind of go into an awaiting. Will kind of go into an awaiting will kind of go into an awaiting decision on standpoint where it's tested. Decision on standpoint where it's tested decision on standpoint where it's tested. And implemented but there's a period for and implemented but there's a period for. And implemented but there's a period for final comments to be submitted by other final comments to be submitted by other. Final comments to be submitted by other people in the ecosystem that are using people in the ecosystem that are using. People in the ecosystem that are using with the SUP and it's kind of very early with the SUP and it's kind of very early. With the SUP and it's kind of very early stage on once that kind final comment stage on once that kind final comment. Stage on once that kind final comment period is closed the step officially period is closed the step officially. Period is closed the step officially becomes active again this is still you becomes active again this is still you. Becomes active again this is still you can think of as a very early period can think of as a very early period. Can think of as a very early period where the stuff is finalized but there's where the stuff is finalized but there's. Where the stuff is finalized but there's still kind of testing an early stage still kind of testing an early stage. Still kind of testing an early stage implementation of it and then once we implementation of it and then once we. Implementation of it and then once we feel a step is really robust we call it feel a step is really robust we call it. Feel a step is really robust we call it we move it to a final phase where it we move it to a final phase where it. We move it to a final phase where it becomes a full standard within the becomes a full standard within the. Becomes a full standard within the ecosystem so just to give reference ecosystem so just to give reference. Ecosystem so just to give reference right now for this conversation we're right now for this conversation we're. Right now for this conversation we're still in this kind of merging and still in this kind of merging and. Still in this kind of merging and further iteration so there was a further iteration so there was a. Further iteration so there was a proposal that's been drafted and so proposal that's been drafted and so. Proposal that's been drafted and so we're now reviewing that and so you know we're now reviewing that and so you know. We're now reviewing that and so you know I think to look at the big picture subs I think to look at the big picture subs. I think to look at the big picture subs are really a ecosystem each sorry steps are really a ecosystem each sorry steps. Are really a ecosystem each sorry steps are really a tool to ensure that we're are really a tool to ensure that we're. Are really a tool to ensure that we're facilitating an open financial network facilitating an open financial network. Facilitating an open financial network they create standard and uniform ways they create standard and uniform ways. They create standard and uniform ways for different types of assets or for different types of assets or. For different types of assets or applications to interface with the applications to interface with the. Applications to interface with the Stellar ecosystem and underlying that is Stellar ecosystem and underlying that is. Stellar ecosystem and underlying that is an ability to create interoperability an ability to create interoperability. An ability to create interoperability across various applications wallets and across various applications wallets and. Across various applications wallets and assets across Stellar so they're really assets across Stellar so they're really. Assets across Stellar so they're really a critical part of facilitating an open a critical part of facilitating an open. A critical part of facilitating an open Financial Network just a quick example Financial Network just a quick example. Financial Network just a quick example is sub 24 is sub 24 is sub 24 deposit and withdrawal or anchored. Deposit and withdrawal or anchored deposit and withdrawal or anchored assets and wallets and the Stellar. Assets and wallets and the Stellar assets and wallets and the Stellar ecosystem so this is a very it's an. Ecosystem so this is a very it's an ecosystem so this is a very it's an active set and it really has provided a. Active set and it really has provided a active set and it really has provided a way to improve user experiences across. Way to improve user experiences across way to improve user experiences across wallets for users to be able to deposit. Wallets for users to be able to deposit wallets for users to be able to deposit them withdraw balances across many many. Them withdraw balances across many many them withdraw balances across many many different anchor tassets. Different anchor tassets different anchor tassets and it also ensures asset compatibility. And it also ensures asset compatibility and it also ensures asset compatibility so as an anchor or somebody issuing an. So as an anchor or somebody issuing an so as an anchor or somebody issuing an asset I can make sure that if I use the. Asset I can make sure that if I use the asset I can make sure that if I use the 24 the others. 24 the others 24 the others twenty-four wallet or application in the twenty-four wallet or application in the. Twenty-four wallet or application in the Stellar ecosystem will be compatible Stellar ecosystem will be compatible. Stellar ecosystem will be compatible with my my asset so very valuable in with my my asset so very valuable in. With my my asset so very valuable in that sense hmm moving into the actual that sense hmm moving into the actual. That sense hmm moving into the actual round table I'll quickly introduce our round table I'll quickly introduce our. Round table I'll quickly introduce our participants we have three companies participants we have three companies. Participants we have three companies from the Stellar ecosystem which will be from the Stellar ecosystem which will be. From the Stellar ecosystem which will be speaking during this roundtable we have speaking during this roundtable we have. Speaking during this roundtable we have Anthony from tempo money transfer Anthony from tempo money transfer. Anthony from tempo money transfer who's calling it from France we have who's calling it from France we have. Who's calling it from France we have Erasmus and Andy from Satoshi pay we're Erasmus and Andy from Satoshi pay we're. Erasmus and Andy from Satoshi pay we're calling in from Germany and we have boob calling in from Germany and we have boob. Calling in from Germany and we have boob Emmy who is from Calvary System and Emmy who is from Calvary System and. Emmy who is from Calvary System and calling in from Abuja so yes from Lagos calling in from Abuja so yes from Lagos. Calling in from Abuja so yes from Lagos I'm sorry I apologize for that I'm sorry I apologize for that. I'm sorry I apologize for that and finally we have Michael who is one and finally we have Michael who is one. And finally we have Michael who is one of our lead integration engineers at STF of our lead integration engineers at STF. Of our lead integration engineers at STF who will be kind of taking the lead and who will be kind of taking the lead and. Who will be kind of taking the lead and help to facilitate this discussion for help to facilitate this discussion for. Help to facilitate this discussion for the participants so transition into this the participants so transition into this. The participants so transition into this we can kind of start by providing a we can kind of start by providing a. We can kind of start by providing a quick overview of what this send/receive quick overview of what this send/receive. Quick overview of what this send/receive stuff is focused on doing and we've had stuff is focused on doing and we've had. Stuff is focused on doing and we've had to date so with that I will hand it over to date so with that I will hand it over. To date so with that I will hand it over to Michael all right cool thank you this. To Michael all right cool thank you this to Michael all right cool thank you this. Time so what this is trying to achieve time so what this is trying to achieve time so what this is trying to achieve. We already have two steps for wallets we already have two steps for wallets we already have two steps for wallets. Pinker interoperability so this is kind pinker interoperability so this is kind pinker interoperability so this is kind. Of a unilateral thing where it's one of a unilateral thing where it's one of a unilateral thing where it's one. Person trying to withdraw into their own person trying to withdraw into their own. Person trying to withdraw into their own real world Bank the the point of this. Real world Bank the the point of this real world Bank the the point of this. Step is to facilitate payments between step is to facilitate payments between step is to facilitate payments between. Two different people so as far as the two different people so as far as the two different people so as far as the. Actual users are concerned here it'll actual users are concerned here it'll actual users are concerned here it'll. Just look like I'm sending money into my just look like I'm sending money into my. Just look like I'm sending money into my other person's bank account this is other person's bank account this is. Other person's bank account this is going to be facilitated usually by two going to be facilitated usually by two. Going to be facilitated usually by two anchors who actually have relationships anchors who actually have relationships. Anchors who actually have relationships with each other and ideally there will with each other and ideally there will. With each other and ideally there will be a a dense network of anchors in all be a a dense network of anchors in all. Be a a dense network of anchors in all different regions so you could send to different regions so you could send to. Different regions so you could send to anywhere in the world but the important anywhere in the world but the important. Anywhere in the world but the important part is that it is between two different part is that it is between two different. Part is that it is between two different end-user individuals so our use case you. End-user individuals so our use case you end-user individuals so our use case you. Know for example business know for example business know for example business from Nigeria to Europe and this is. From Nigeria to Europe and this is from Nigeria to Europe and this is something that Kerry and temple have. Something that Kerry and temple have something that Kerry and temple have already started working on and have kind. Already started working on and have kind already started working on and have kind. Of used some of our older steps to to of used some of our older steps to to of used some of our older steps to to. Make this work and ideally we're gonna make this work and ideally we're gonna make this work and ideally we're gonna. Have a more clear actual explicit step have a more clear actual explicit step have a more clear actual explicit step. For this so that when other you know if for this so that when other you know if for this so that when other you know if. A third party a third acre comes on they a third party a third acre comes on they. A third party a third acre comes on they can have a business relationship and can have a business relationship and. Can have a business relationship and then just plug in and not have to do then just plug in and not have to do. Then just plug in and not have to do technical integrations or not have to do technical integrations or not have to do. Technical integrations or not have to do anything complicated it's already gonna anything complicated it's already gonna. Anything complicated it's already gonna be built so we've made some decisions be built so we've made some decisions. Be built so we've made some decisions already you know nothing nothing final already you know nothing nothing final. Already you know nothing nothing final this is all I'm just trying to put this is all I'm just trying to put. This is all I'm just trying to put something out there so we can talk about something out there so we can talk about. Something out there so we can talk about it it looks a lot like step 6 it it looks a lot like step 6. It it looks a lot like step 6 mostly because what we've seen from mostly because what we've seen from. Mostly because what we've seen from other anchors we've seen from Temple and other anchors we've seen from Temple and. Other anchors we've seen from Temple and Calgary is that step 6 Calgary is that step 6. Calgary is that step 6 technically seems to work for a lot of technically seems to work for a lot of. Technically seems to work for a lot of this the shape of the API what it offers this the shape of the API what it offers. This the shape of the API what it offers really it seems to work so I didn't want. Really it seems to work so I didn't want really it seems to work so I didn't want. To reinvent the wheel and make everybody to reinvent the wheel and make everybody. To reinvent the wheel and make everybody jump through hoops so what I did and you. Jump through hoops so what I did and you jump through hoops so what I did and you. Can see in this this draft PR it can see in this this draft PR it can see in this this draft PR it. Basically takes something that looks basically takes something that looks basically takes something that looks. Like SEP sticks like SEP sticks like SEP sticks create a separate end point for it and. Create a separate end point for it and create a separate end point for it and clean up a few things so we took out the. Clean up a few things so we took out the clean up a few things so we took out the. Usage of step 12 and step 12 is a usage of step 12 and step 12 is a usage of step 12 and step 12 is a. Customer info server so this is a way of customer info server so this is a way of. Customer info server so this is a way of sending it's an endpoint just for sending it's an endpoint just for. Sending it's an endpoint just for sharing kyc information between two sharing kyc information between two. Sharing kyc information between two anchors and originally we used this and anchors and originally we used this and. Anchors and originally we used this and what we thought is it just makes the what we thought is it just makes the. What we thought is it just makes the flow more complicated it's easier to flow more complicated it's easier to. Flow more complicated it's easier to just send the customer info with with just send the customer info with with. Just send the customer info with with the first call anyways so I'm gonna walk the first call anyways so I'm gonna walk. The first call anyways so I'm gonna walk through do you mind if I share my screen. Through do you mind if I share my screen through do you mind if I share my screen. Lisa okay I'm gonna do it has anybody here some experience with has anybody here some experience with. Step 12 because to be honest I had not step 12 because to be honest I had not step 12 because to be honest I had not. Seen it they come up in many seen it they come up in many seen it they come up in many. Conversations previously yeah it's conversations previously yeah it's conversations previously yeah it's. Something that you know I'm curious so something that you know I'm curious so something that you know I'm curious so. That's one of the things I want to ask that's one of the things I want to ask that's one of the things I want to ask. About it is do people feel like step 12 about it is do people feel like step 12 about it is do people feel like step 12. Is necessary is it useful and helpful or is necessary is it useful and helpful or. Is necessary is it useful and helpful or does it just kind of redirect some some does it just kind of redirect some some. Does it just kind of redirect some some usage and complicate this story yes usage and complicate this story yes. Usage and complicate this story yes we've implemented cent well personally I we've implemented cent well personally I. We've implemented cent well personally I think it's useful I like it think it's useful I like it. Think it's useful I like it it goes back to that original goal of it goes back to that original goal of. It goes back to that original goal of having and what it's experienced such having and what it's experienced such. Having and what it's experienced such that you can do kyc once you can have it that you can do kyc once you can have it. That you can do kyc once you can have it stored in the wallet and then any new stored in the wallet and then any new. Stored in the wallet and then any new anchor going forward you can be sure anchor going forward you can be sure. Anchor going forward you can be sure that you have done the KYC them so I that you have done the KYC them so I. That you have done the KYC them so I think it's useful in that respect it think it's useful in that respect it. Think it's useful in that respect it really helps to use the experience that really helps to use the experience that. Really helps to use the experience that you can do kick the questing once and you can do kick the questing once and. You can do kick the questing once and then they can have their one of it to then they can have their one of it to. Then they can have their one of it to manage the KYT anything you anchor who manage the KYT anything you anchor who. Manage the KYT anything you anchor who comes online afterwards that user is comes online afterwards that user is. Comes online afterwards that user is sure that they can do okay I see with sure that they can do okay I see with. Sure that they can do okay I see with Latin America I just absolutely control Latin America I just absolutely control. Latin America I just absolutely control but it's in German that's my proposal wouldn't you still have a new anchor. Wouldn't you still have a new anchor comes on board wouldn't you still have comes on board wouldn't you still have. Comes on board wouldn't you still have to redo that kyc with the new anchor yes to redo that kyc with the new anchor yes. To redo that kyc with the new anchor yes but the idea is or my concept is you can. But the idea is or my concept is you can but the idea is or my concept is you can. Help you want it actually strong kyc help you want it actually strong kyc help you want it actually strong kyc. Information once right Amanda when a new information once right Amanda when a new. Information once right Amanda when a new ad comes on board you can share that ad comes on board you can share that. Ad comes on board you can share that already stored kyc information with the already stored kyc information with the. Already stored kyc information with the new haircut finest set well does that new haircut finest set well does that. New haircut finest set well does that make it easier so actually let's let's make it easier so actually let's let's. Make it easier so actually let's let's come back to this I'm gonna walk through come back to this I'm gonna walk through. Come back to this I'm gonna walk through how how how works so we can also be on the same page. Works so we can also be on the same page works so we can also be on the same page. They see audience aware what kyc means they see audience aware what kyc means they see audience aware what kyc means. So kyc is essentially you know your so kyc is essentially you know your so kyc is essentially you know your. Customer this is information firm ation customer this is information firm ation customer this is information firm ation. About people trying to send or receive about people trying to send or receive about people trying to send or receive. Money this can be simple as name or it money this can be simple as name or it money this can be simple as name or it. Can be as complicated as we need a photo can be as complicated as we need a photo. Can be as complicated as we need a photo of your passport with me a photo of your. Of your passport with me a photo of your of your passport with me a photo of your. Face holding your passport that kind of face holding your passport that kind of face holding your passport that kind of. Thing so it it can get complicated at thing so it it can get complicated at thing so it it can get complicated at. Times well some of the my toast be stricter well some of the my toast be stricter. Requirements and businesses and I know requirements and businesses and I know requirements and businesses and I know. Your customer there's also know your your customer there's also know your your customer there's also know your. Business right and then we really start business right and then we really start business right and then we really start. Opening out from Pandora's box and so it opening out from Pandora's box and so it. Opening out from Pandora's box and so it really is a diverse topic can you guys really is a diverse topic can you guys. Really is a diverse topic can you guys see this separate now I'm confused as to see this separate now I'm confused as to. See this separate now I'm confused as to what's happening with missing plane yes what's happening with missing plane yes. What's happening with missing plane yes yeah so I'm just gonna walk through what yeah so I'm just gonna walk through what. Yeah so I'm just gonna walk through what the step we have currently is so at the the step we have currently is so at the. The step we have currently is so at the highest level there is you know this is highest level there is you know this is. Highest level there is you know this is something that creates a product between something that creates a product between. Something that creates a product between my brother's already to end-users and my brother's already to end-users and. My brother's already to end-users and it's facilitated by two businesses that it's facilitated by two businesses that. It's facilitated by two businesses that have rails between each other so these have rails between each other so these. Have rails between each other so these you know one of the differences between you know one of the differences between. You know one of the differences between this and something like step 6 or step this and something like step 6 or step. This and something like step 6 or step 24 is that this is not a discoverable 24 is that this is not a discoverable. 24 is that this is not a discoverable protocol any anchors that are going to protocol any anchors that are going to. Protocol any anchors that are going to be involved in this any rails are be involved in this any rails are. Be involved in this any rails are created they have a relationship up created they have a relationship up. Created they have a relationship up front so it's not like someone can just front so it's not like someone can just. Front so it's not like someone can just pop up and say now I'm an anchor in pop up and say now I'm an anchor in. Pop up and say now I'm an anchor in Saudi Arabia and you know get money sent Saudi Arabia and you know get money sent. Saudi Arabia and you know get money sent to them without without someone agreeing. To them without without someone agreeing to them without without someone agreeing. That they're actually a real real that they're actually a real real that they're actually a real real. Business so in this example we had Ellis business so in this example we had Ellis. Business so in this example we had Ellis in Nigeria who wants to send money to in Nigeria who wants to send money to. In Nigeria who wants to send money to Bob in Europe so she Alice will sign up Bob in Europe so she Alice will sign up. Bob in Europe so she Alice will sign up with Nigeria pay to make this payment with Nigeria pay to make this payment. With Nigeria pay to make this payment reading about Bangkok Bob doesn't need reading about Bangkok Bob doesn't need. Reading about Bangkok Bob doesn't need to know anything all he needs to do is to know anything all he needs to do is. To know anything all he needs to do is make sure that Alice knows his bank make sure that Alice knows his bank. Make sure that Alice knows his bank account information so she can actually account information so she can actually. Account information so she can actually deposited so Oh looks like they used the deposited so Oh looks like they used the. Deposited so Oh looks like they used the word calorie instead of Nigeria pay I'll. Word calorie instead of Nigeria pay I'll word calorie instead of Nigeria pay I'll. Change that but basically this Nigerian change that but basically this Nigerian change that but basically this Nigerian. Anchor has a relationship with someone anchor has a relationship with someone anchor has a relationship with someone. In Europe Europe a and then they will in Europe Europe a and then they will in Europe Europe a and then they will. Use this protocol to actually transfer use this protocol to actually transfer use this protocol to actually transfer. The money and tell Europe a where to the money and tell Europe a where to the money and tell Europe a where to. Deposit the money into paws bank account deposit the money into paws bank account. Deposit the money into paws bank account so the actual protocol only happens so the actual protocol only happens. So the actual protocol only happens between the two anchors everything that between the two anchors everything that. Between the two anchors everything that happens outside of the two makers happens outside of the two makers. Happens outside of the two makers communicating is not part of the SAP we communicating is not part of the SAP we. Communicating is not part of the SAP we don't need any protocols for that so don't need any protocols for that so. Don't need any protocols for that so when when Nigeria paid on boards Alice when when Nigeria paid on boards Alice. When when Nigeria paid on boards Alice and collects all of alice's information and collects all of alice's information. And collects all of alice's information this is just a web app or a mobile app this is just a web app or a mobile app. This is just a web app or a mobile app there's no interoperable protocol here there's no interoperable protocol here. There's no interoperable protocol here so we don't want to try to define too so we don't want to try to define too. So we don't want to try to define too much only the things that have to do much only the things that have to do. Much only the things that have to do with part parties interacting with each with part parties interacting with each. With part parties interacting with each other my listen I just asked you I you other my listen I just asked you I you. Other my listen I just asked you I you know looking at the feedback at the know looking at the feedback at the. Know looking at the feedback at the moment or on github I'm just on your moment or on github I'm just on your. Moment or on github I'm just on your screen I'm looking at the github at the screen I'm looking at the github at the. Screen I'm looking at the github at the at the markdown and the github just just at the markdown and the github just just. At the markdown and the github just just wait wait a second are you on this what wait wait a second are you on this what. Wait wait a second are you on this what you're seeing what I'm highlighting you're seeing what I'm highlighting. You're seeing what I'm highlighting right now yes okay I'm sorry right now yes okay I'm sorry. Right now yes okay I'm sorry yes I'm looking at this why is this okay yes I'm looking at this why is this okay. Yes I'm looking at this why is this okay I'm sorry I was looking at the wrong I'm sorry I was looking at the wrong. I'm sorry I was looking at the wrong screen I had a second screen up so this screen I had a second screen up so this. Screen I had a second screen up so this is what I just described there are so is what I just described there are so. Is what I just described there are so here's how this actually works there here's how this actually works there. Here's how this actually works there there are four entities there's a there are four entities there's a. There are four entities there's a sending client and the receiving client sending client and the receiving client. Sending client and the receiving client these are the actual people or these are the actual people or. These are the actual people or businesses sending money and receiving businesses sending money and receiving. Businesses sending money and receiving money and then the sending and receiving money and then the sending and receiving. Money and then the sending and receiving anchor so the sending client will set anchor so the sending client will set. Anchor so the sending client will set sign up with the sending anchor tell sign up with the sending anchor tell. Sign up with the sending anchor tell them they want to send money to Europe them they want to send money to Europe. Them they want to send money to Europe the sending anchor will decide who their the sending anchor will decide who their. The sending anchor will decide who their anchor is in Europe send the send the anchor is in Europe send the send the. Anchor is in Europe send the send the tokens over tokens over tokens over and then the receiving cur will deposit. And then the receiving cur will deposit and then the receiving cur will deposit into receiving clients Bank when these. Into receiving clients Bank when these into receiving clients Bank when these rails are set up each anchor is gonna. Rails are set up each anchor is gonna rails are set up each anchor is gonna find a counterparty who would ever reach. Find a counterparty who would ever reach find a counterparty who would ever reach. Anyone operate with and they're gonna anyone operate with and they're gonna anyone operate with and they're gonna. Trade public keys so that we can use trade public keys so that we can use trade public keys so that we can use. Step 10 step 10 step 10 than step six in step 24 where we use than step six in step 24 where we use. Than step six in step 24 where we use sep 10 to the anchors sep 10 to the anchors. Sep 10 to the anchors it's the anchors proving who they are to it's the anchors proving who they are to. It's the anchors proving who they are to interact with each other this is not a interact with each other this is not a. Interact with each other this is not a sub time for the end user so when we sub time for the end user so when we. Sub time for the end user so when we sorry okay when we do all the onboarding sorry okay when we do all the onboarding. Sorry okay when we do all the onboarding and when we collect all the information and when we collect all the information. And when we collect all the information for the transaction this happens out of for the transaction this happens out of. For the transaction this happens out of the scope of the spec and so the the the scope of the spec and so the the. The scope of the spec and so the the first time to anchor the sending anchor first time to anchor the sending anchor. First time to anchor the sending anchor will collect the amounts the any kyc will collect the amounts the any kyc. Will collect the amounts the any kyc information about the sender or the information about the sender or the. Information about the sender or the receiver that they that they need the receiver that they that they need the. Receiver that they that they need the bank count information where it's going bank count information where it's going. Bank count information where it's going and then that's when the actual and then that's when the actual. And then that's when the actual initiation happens of the protocol so I initiation happens of the protocol so I. Initiation happens of the protocol so I just got a message from someone asking I just got a message from someone asking. I just got a message from someone asking if you could zoom in a little bit it's if you could zoom in a little bit it's. If you could zoom in a little bit it's hard to read awesome is it hard to read awesome is it. Hard to read awesome is it I also we're gonna link to this repo I also we're gonna link to this repo. I also we're gonna link to this repo specifically in the YouTube chat so specifically in the YouTube chat so. Specifically in the YouTube chat so people can go on that directly as well people can go on that directly as well. People can go on that directly as well yeah someone could drop that into the yeah someone could drop that into the. Yeah someone could drop that into the chat chat chat I couldn't comment from my seller. I couldn't comment from my seller I couldn't comment from my seller account that great so so this is where. Account that great so so this is where account that great so so this is where things start to look a little familiar. Things start to look a little familiar things start to look a little familiar so now that the sending client has. So now that the sending client has so now that the sending client has cleared the Sun Waker when it wants to. Cleared the Sun Waker when it wants to cleared the Sun Waker when it wants to you we can start this protocol advanced. You we can start this protocol advanced you we can start this protocol advanced so basically the sending client is going. So basically the sending client is going so basically the sending client is going. To choose their destination region to choose their destination region to choose their destination region. They're going to say I want to send this they're going to say I want to send this. They're going to say I want to send this to Europe and now this sending anchor to Europe and now this sending anchor. To Europe and now this sending anchor says okay I know who my my Europe anchor says okay I know who my my Europe anchor. Says okay I know who my my Europe anchor is I'm gonna look up their Tamil file to. Is I'm gonna look up their Tamil file to is I'm gonna look up their Tamil file to. Get their their sensor for API endpoint get their their sensor for API endpoint get their their sensor for API endpoint. I'm gonna look up their infant I'm gonna look up their infant I'm gonna look up their infant. To see what fields they need so this is to see what fields they need so this is to see what fields they need so this is. Very much like the steps except 24 in very much like the steps except 24 in very much like the steps except 24 in. Phone point they're actually just a SEP phone point they're actually just a SEP phone point they're actually just a SEP. 16 point where it'll say you know I can 16 point where it'll say you know I can 16 point where it'll say you know I can. I can do a direct send for euros and I can do a direct send for euros and I can do a direct send for euros and I. Need these fields I need bank account need these fields I need bank account need these fields I need bank account. I need routing number I need first and I need routing number I need first and I need routing number I need first and. Last name of the sender first and last last name of the sender first and last last name of the sender first and last. Name of the receiver and using the name of the receiver and using the name of the receiver and using the. Information I can make sure that as the information I can make sure that as the information I can make sure that as the. Sending anchor I've collected all that sending anchor I've collected all that sending anchor I've collected all that. From my my sending client and if I from my my sending client and if I from my my sending client and if I. Didn't you know that's the second page I didn't you know that's the second page I. Didn't you know that's the second page I can collect whatever I need so once I've. Can collect whatever I need so once I've can collect whatever I need so once I've. Collected all that information I'm collected all that information I'm collected all that information I'm. Making a post request to this send making a post request to this send making a post request to this send. Endpoint so this is very much like the endpoint so this is very much like the endpoint so this is very much like the. Posts deposit post withdrawal of step 6 posts deposit post withdrawal of step 6 posts deposit post withdrawal of step 6. And so it's so late so this is where we and so it's so late so this is where we and so it's so late so this is where we. Were talking about step 12 were talking about step 12 were talking about step 12 .   instead of using step 12 to to send the instead of using step 12 to to send the. Instead of using step 12 to to send the customer info separately we're looking customer info separately we're looking. Customer info separately we're looking at sending it all in one request so this at sending it all in one request so this. At sending it all in one request so this is just a single atomic request that is just a single atomic request that. Is just a single atomic request that says here is what I want to send here is says here is what I want to send here is. Says here is what I want to send here is all the customer information and if I'm all the customer information and if I'm. All the customer information and if I'm missing something rather than say rather missing something rather than say rather. Missing something rather than say rather than the receiving anchor tell me that than the receiving anchor tell me that. Than the receiving anchor tell me that oh you need to step 12 me some other oh you need to step 12 me some other. Oh you need to step 12 me some other info they just say I also need the info they just say I also need the. Info they just say I also need the sender's last name and I will just try sender's last name and I will just try. Sender's last name and I will just try the whole thing again with the extra the whole thing again with the extra. The whole thing again with the extra information so the receiving anchor will information so the receiving anchor will. Information so the receiving anchor will just reject this send call until it just reject this send call until it. Just reject this send call until it contains everything needed to do the contains everything needed to do the. Contains everything needed to do the transaction and once that's ready once transaction and once that's ready once. Transaction and once that's ready once once the sending anchor has sent once the sending anchor has sent. Once the sending anchor has sent everything to receiving achenes we're everything to receiving achenes we're. Everything to receiving achenes we're gonna get back the all the payment gonna get back the all the payment. Gonna get back the all the payment information so now assuming that the information so now assuming that the. Information so now assuming that the sending anchor has collected the fiat sending anchor has collected the fiat. Sending anchor has collected the fiat however that's going to happen from a however that's going to happen from a. However that's going to happen from a semi client it can do either a path semi client it can do either a path. Semi client it can do either a path payment to send the receiving anchor payment to send the receiving anchor. Payment to send the receiving anchor whatever it expects so a three-c maker whatever it expects so a three-c maker. Whatever it expects so a three-c maker is expecting to deposit euros the is expecting to deposit euros the. Is expecting to deposit euros the sending anchor should send the receiving sending anchor should send the receiving. Sending anchor should send the receiving anchor euros either via path name anchor euros either via path name. Anchor euros either via path name or via you know a regular payment where or via you know a regular payment where. Or via you know a regular payment where they've exchanged it however they want they've exchanged it however they want. They've exchanged it however they want but as long as the sitting anchor but as long as the sitting anchor. But as long as the sitting anchor receives what they expect then the the receives what they expect then the the. Receives what they expect then the the set part is basically done the receiving set part is basically done the receiving. Set part is basically done the receiving occur should uses that bank count occur should uses that bank count. Occur should uses that bank count information that was sent with the send information that was sent with the send. Information that was sent with the send call do the deposit and then from then call do the deposit and then from then. Call do the deposit and then from then on there's just the standard transaction on there's just the standard transaction. On there's just the standard transaction end point where the sending Aker can end point where the sending Aker can. End point where the sending Aker can check on the status to make sure check on the status to make sure. Check on the status to make sure everything is going correctly and so everything is going correctly and so. Everything is going correctly and so yeah that's the general flow of this so yeah that's the general flow of this so. Yeah that's the general flow of this so a few things I want to ask about were a few things I want to ask about were. A few things I want to ask about were you know a the SEP 12 stuff be the idea you know a the SEP 12 stuff be the idea. You know a the SEP 12 stuff be the idea of refunds is a kind of an open question of refunds is a kind of an open question. Of refunds is a kind of an open question it's something that should be very rare it's something that should be very rare. It's something that should be very rare but in the case of a bank you know once but in the case of a bank you know once. But in the case of a bank you know once once the receiving anchor receives the once the receiving anchor receives the. Once the receiving anchor receives the tokens if they can't actually deposit tokens if they can't actually deposit. Tokens if they can't actually deposit into the receiving bank account we need into the receiving bank account we need. Into the receiving bank account we need to know what happens there so there's to know what happens there so there's. To know what happens there so there's this part of the set where we actually this part of the set where we actually. This part of the set where we actually describe what this is or is this describe what this is or is this. Describe what this is or is this something that happens outside of this something that happens outside of this. Something that happens outside of this back where if it's a very rare thing you back where if it's a very rare thing you. Back where if it's a very rare thing you know you just communicate with each know you just communicate with each. Know you just communicate with each other since you have relationships with other since you have relationships with. Other since you have relationships with each other yeah before I go any further each other yeah before I go any further. Each other yeah before I go any further does anyone have any comments or does anyone have any comments or. Does anyone have any comments or questions on what I just talked about questions on what I just talked about. Questions on what I just talked about sorry if that was a lot I'm sorry for sorry if that was a lot I'm sorry for. Sorry if that was a lot I'm sorry for the confusion earlier on the screens so let me ask about this f12 stuff then. So let me ask about this f12 stuff then if the value of step 12 is knowing that if the value of step 12 is knowing that. If the value of step 12 is knowing that I can just send I can store the customer I can just send I can store the customer. I can just send I can store the customer info and send it to whoever else isn't info and send it to whoever else isn't. Info and send it to whoever else isn't that still the case here where the that still the case here where the. That still the case here where the sending Aker collects the kose sending Aker collects the kose. Sending Aker collects the kose information for whoever it is they can information for whoever it is they can. Information for whoever it is they can store it forever because that sending store it forever because that sending. Store it forever because that sending client has create an account and they client has create an account and they. Client has create an account and they they send it over via this this descent they send it over via this this descent. They send it over via this this descent endpoint doesn't that functionally give endpoint doesn't that functionally give. Endpoint doesn't that functionally give you the same thing as using except 12 I think we need to make some definitions. I think we need to make some definitions is useful for an onboarding process like. Is useful for an onboarding process like is useful for an onboarding process like. A registration process this particular a registration process this particular a registration process this particular. Call is not it's not for onboarding this call is not it's not for onboarding this. Call is not it's not for onboarding this is like an actual transaction basically is like an actual transaction basically. Is like an actual transaction basically meaning it can be called many times so meaning it can be called many times so. Meaning it can be called many times so in terms of just getting the required in terms of just getting the required. In terms of just getting the required information it makes sense the way you information it makes sense the way you. Information it makes sense the way you describe it my book that gave her all describe it my book that gave her all. Describe it my book that gave her all the information is already complete the information is already complete. The information is already complete because this is for an actual because this is for an actual. Because this is for an actual transaction and if there's anything transaction and if there's anything. Transaction and if there's anything missing missing missing receiving a kit can immediately reply. Receiving a kit can immediately reply receiving a kit can immediately reply and by saying these are the fields. And by saying these are the fields and by saying these are the fields missing in each these fields and that. Missing in each these fields and that missing in each these fields and that the sending actor can we try to. The sending actor can we try to the sending actor can we try to transaction the this makes sense in the. Transaction the this makes sense in the transaction the this makes sense in the context of actually sending transactions. Context of actually sending transactions context of actually sending transactions. Whereas set 12 is useful is actually for whereas set 12 is useful is actually for. Whereas set 12 is useful is actually for onboarding and the main differences on onboarding and the main differences on. Onboarding and the main differences on body requires identity documents writing body requires identity documents writing. Body requires identity documents writing this particular transaction this this particular transaction this. This particular transaction this particular end points are referring to particular end points are referring to. Particular end points are referring to the same doesn't necessarily include the same doesn't necessarily include. The same doesn't necessarily include identity documents right it's more like identity documents right it's more like. Identity documents right it's more like personal information which would be the personal information which would be the. Personal information which would be the receive this name receivables bank receive this name receivables bank. Receive this name receivables bank information but do not hide entity information but do not hide entity. Information but do not hide entity document sir this is useful in the document sir this is useful in the. Document sir this is useful in the context of a transaction which is context of a transaction which is. Context of a transaction which is repeatable recep 12 is useful for an repeatable recep 12 is useful for an. Repeatable recep 12 is useful for an onboarding process and where identity onboarding process and where identity. Onboarding process and where identity documents are extremely so one is it one documents are extremely so one is it one. Documents are extremely so one is it one of the things that retama early on is of the things that retama early on is. Of the things that retama early on is the idea of what is part of the sap and the idea of what is part of the sap and. The idea of what is part of the sap and what is not so step 12 is really useful what is not so step 12 is really useful. What is not so step 12 is really useful where you're onboarding to a service where you're onboarding to a service. Where you're onboarding to a service from a product that's not run by the from a product that's not run by the. From a product that's not run by the service so this is really good for using service so this is really good for using. Service so this is really good for using when we head step 6 when we head step 6 when we head step 6. If you have a third party wallet that if you have a third party wallet that if you have a third party wallet that. Wants to onboard with an exchange sep 12 wants to onboard with an exchange sep 12. Wants to onboard with an exchange sep 12 is really important because this lets is really important because this lets. Is really important because this lets the exchange collect information from a the exchange collect information from a. The exchange collect information from a wallet where the exchange is not wallet where the exchange is not. Wallet where the exchange is not controlling the UI in this case you know controlling the UI in this case you know. Controlling the UI in this case you know calorie controls the UI for onboarding calorie controls the UI for onboarding. Calorie controls the UI for onboarding so you you can use step 12 so you you can use step 12. So you you can use step 12 if you want but you don't have to do if you want but you don't have to do. If you want but you don't have to do since since the party collecting the since since the party collecting the. Since since the party collecting the information and party displaying the UI information and party displaying the UI. Information and party displaying the UI is the same product there's not really a is the same product there's not really a. Is the same product there's not really a need for an interoperable if I think need for an interoperable if I think. Need for an interoperable if I think that's the the key distinction is that that's the the key distinction is that. That's the the key distinction is that if there's no two parties interoperating if there's no two parties interoperating. If there's no two parties interoperating there's really no need to define a set there's really no need to define a set. There's really no need to define a set Michael could I ask you that a little Michael could I ask you that a little. Michael could I ask you that a little bit more just kind of definitional info bit more just kind of definitional info. Bit more just kind of definitional info on sep 12 we've referenced it it's you on sep 12 we've referenced it it's you. On sep 12 we've referenced it it's you know yeah so step 12 know yeah so step 12 know yeah so step 12. A customer information transmission a customer information transmission a customer information transmission. Protocol basically what it is it's an protocol basically what it is it's an protocol basically what it is it's an. Endpoint where you can post customer endpoint where you can post customer endpoint where you can post customer. Information so let me start over the use information so let me start over the use. Information so let me start over the use case so what like like I said earlier case so what like like I said earlier. Case so what like like I said earlier the use case is I'm an exchange and the use case is I'm an exchange and. The use case is I'm an exchange and there's a wallet that wants to do to the there's a wallet that wants to do to the. There's a wallet that wants to do to the posits into my exchange for a user I posits into my exchange for a user I. Posits into my exchange for a user I need to collect need to collect need to collect. Customer information from them to do my customer information from them to do my customer information from them to do my. Kyc I need to collect personal lastname kyc I need to collect personal lastname kyc I need to collect personal lastname. A photo of a passport so should be a photo of a passport so should be a photo of a passport so should be. Pioneer information strings whatever pioneer information strings whatever pioneer information strings whatever. What this says allows is it says here what this says allows is it says here what this says allows is it says here. Are the fields that I need and here is are the fields that I need and here is are the fields that I need and here is. The end points that you can post them to the end points that you can post them to. The end points that you can post them to and then the wallet who doesn't know and then the wallet who doesn't know. And then the wallet who doesn't know anything about the exchange other than anything about the exchange other than. Anything about the exchange other than this is where I post the customer info this is where I post the customer info. This is where I post the customer info to can can send information to the to can can send information to the. To can can send information to the exchange yeah I mean that's generally exchange yeah I mean that's generally. Exchange yeah I mean that's generally simple protocol it's you know a lot of simple protocol it's you know a lot of. Simple protocol it's you know a lot of these steps are very simple you know these steps are very simple you know. These steps are very simple you know this is just one endpoint it's actually this is just one endpoint it's actually. This is just one endpoint it's actually two endpoints it also allows you to two endpoints it also allows you to. Two endpoints it also allows you to delete information but it's it's delete information but it's it's. Delete information but it's it's essentially just you know it's just a essentially just you know it's just a. Essentially just you know it's just a standard that says if you're gonna standard that says if you're gonna. Standard that says if you're gonna collect customer info and you want other collect customer info and you want other. Collect customer info and you want other parties to be able to provide it to you parties to be able to provide it to you. Parties to be able to provide it to you here's a here's a standard way to do it here's a here's a standard way to do it. Here's a here's a standard way to do it with no no UI or the UI is up to the with no no UI or the UI is up to the. With no no UI or the UI is up to the product itself we don't say anything product itself we don't say anything. Product itself we don't say anything about it but can I ask so I don't I about it but can I ask so I don't I. About it but can I ask so I don't I don't have a lot of experience as I don't have a lot of experience as I. Don't have a lot of experience as I mentioned with this approach but the mentioned with this approach but the. Mentioned with this approach but the there's no way of fetching the raw data there's no way of fetching the raw data. There's no way of fetching the raw data by this correct by this correct what kind of routine what do you mean so. What kind of routine what do you mean so perhaps I'm an anchor or an entity in perhaps I'm an anchor or an entity in. Perhaps I'm an anchor or an entity in and and I'm being told that somebody has and and I'm being told that somebody has. And and I'm being told that somebody has been chaos eat but for whatever reasons been chaos eat but for whatever reasons. Been chaos eat but for whatever reasons regulatory compliance I may need to run regulatory compliance I may need to run. Regulatory compliance I may need to run my own kyc again I would like to fetch my own kyc again I would like to fetch. My own kyc again I would like to fetch the raw data if we have some sort of the raw data if we have some sort of. The raw data if we have some sort of agreement between these two entities agreement between these two entities. Agreement between these two entities that we call so like share the data of that we call so like share the data of. That we call so like share the data of course in a compliant manner then I course in a compliant manner then I. Course in a compliant manner then I would I would also want to fetch that would I would also want to fetch that. Would I would also want to fetch that raw data the identity documents the identity identity of the natural person. Identity identity of the natural person all the documents I have uploaded so all the documents I have uploaded so. All the documents I have uploaded so this so the way that we imagine is this so the way that we imagine is. This so the way that we imagine is happening now is you know remember the happening now is you know remember the. Happening now is you know remember the first step of the actual protocol here first step of the actual protocol here. First step of the actual protocol here is we have this info endpoint which I is we have this info endpoint which I. Is we have this info endpoint which I think a lot of people are familiar with think a lot of people are familiar with. Think a lot of people are familiar with subsection 724 this basically this is subsection 724 this basically this is. Subsection 724 this basically this is how an anchor will kind of advertise how an anchor will kind of advertise. How an anchor will kind of advertise what it supports so this is an anchor what it supports so this is an anchor. What it supports so this is an anchor that says I support receiving US dollars that says I support receiving US dollars. That says I support receiving US dollars here's my fee information and what here's my fee information and what. Here's my fee information and what you're asking about here is these fields you're asking about here is these fields. You're asking about here is these fields so this says if you want to do a so this says if you want to do a. So this says if you want to do a transaction with me I'm gonna need the transaction with me I'm gonna need the. Transaction with me I'm gonna need the sender's first and last name the sender's first and last name the. Sender's first and last name the receivers first last an email and these receivers first last an email and these. Receivers first last an email and these can be any number of kyc fields can be any number of kyc fields. Can be any number of kyc fields including things like passport photo or including things like passport photo or. Including things like passport photo or something and then the information something and then the information. Something and then the information regarding the transaction so this is regarding the transaction so this is. Regarding the transaction so this is this is another way that we we kind of this is another way that we we kind of. This is another way that we we kind of diverged from step six a bit is we diverged from step six a bit is we. Diverged from step six a bit is we separated sender receiver and separated sender receiver and. Separated sender receiver and transaction information whereas in step transaction information whereas in step. Transaction information whereas in step six it's all just fields and that works six it's all just fields and that works. Six it's all just fields and that works because there's only one party you know because there's only one party you know. Because there's only one party you know with this there's there's two parties with this there's there's two parties. With this there's there's two parties there's a sender and receiver so I guess there's a sender and receiver so I guess. There's a sender and receiver so I guess first off does this so actually there's first off does this so actually there's. First off does this so actually there's there's two ways one is this way the there's two ways one is this way the. There's two ways one is this way the info on point says here's the fields I info on point says here's the fields I. Info on point says here's the fields I need you want to interact with me you're need you want to interact with me you're. Need you want to interact with me you're gonna have to send me this data the gonna have to send me this data the. Gonna have to send me this data the second way is if you're doing a some second way is if you're doing a some. Second way is if you're doing a some someone's echoing if if you're not someone's echoing if if you're not. Someone's echoing if if you're not talking could you sorry talking could you sorry. Talking could you sorry    if yeah so if you have a transaction. If yeah so if you have a transaction if yeah so if you have a transaction that's particularly particularly. That's particularly particularly that's particularly particularly high-value you might say oh you know I. High-value you might say oh you know I high-value you might say oh you know I originally I said I only need first last. Originally I said I only need first last originally I said I only need first last. Name but I actually also need passport name but I actually also need passport name but I actually also need passport. Photos now and that's where you would photos now and that's where you would photos now and that's where you would. Reject the first end call and say you reject the first end call and say you reject the first end call and say you. Know I need more information know I need more information know I need more information. I need this as well and then the sending I need this as well and then the sending. I need this as well and then the sending anchor would have to collect that and anchor would have to collect that and. Anchor would have to collect that and send it to you as well send it to you as well. Send it to you as well does that answer your question about how does that answer your question about how. Does that answer your question about how you would get that data from the sender you would get that data from the sender. You would get that data from the sender yeah I mean my question was more about yeah I mean my question was more about. Yeah I mean my question was more about step 12 step 12 step 12 like why it wouldn't be defined then. Like why it wouldn't be defined then like why it wouldn't be defined then also just just I mean at least some. Also just just I mean at least some also just just I mean at least some suggestion so everybody would have an. Suggestion so everybody would have an suggestion so everybody would have an agreed standard of also requesting that. Agreed standard of also requesting that agreed standard of also requesting that data right there might also be. Data right there might also be data right there might also be interesting if if we looked at sharing a. Interesting if if we looked at sharing a interesting if if we looked at sharing a. Compliance data across a network but it compliance data across a network but it compliance data across a network but it. Maybe it's a bit outside the scope of maybe it's a bit outside the scope of maybe it's a bit outside the scope of. This conversation if if we're mainly this conversation if if we're mainly this conversation if if we're mainly. Discussing this this new direct payment discussing this this new direct payment discussing this this new direct payment. Proposal so but it was more like more proposal so but it was more like more proposal so but it was more like more. The direction of a compliant partner the direction of a compliant partner the direction of a compliant partner. Network so you're saying you want a way Network so you're saying you want a way Network so you're saying you want a way. To like kind of just have shared kyc to like kind of just have shared kyc to like kind of just have shared kyc. Ahead of time for everybody rather than ahead of time for everybody rather than ahead of time for everybody rather than. At transaction time yes for example or at transaction time yes for example or at transaction time yes for example or. Just just that it's sort of the just just that it's sort of the just just that it's sort of the. Separating concerns a little bit so that separating concerns a little bit so that. Separating concerns a little bit so that in the set 12 that would potentially in the set 12 that would potentially. In the set 12 that would potentially allow a I mean we I'm sort of segue into allow a I mean we I'm sort of segue into. Allow a I mean we I'm sort of segue into a little bit of an absolute discussion a little bit of an absolute discussion. A little bit of an absolute discussion here but it would allow for a sort of a here but it would allow for a sort of a. Here but it would allow for a sort of a an entity that's focused entirely on an entity that's focused entirely on. An entity that's focused entirely on doing compliance would allow them to doing compliance would allow them to. Doing compliance would allow them to also for example provide an a an also for example provide an a an. Also for example provide an a an endpoint that everybody would know how endpoint that everybody would know how. Endpoint that everybody would know how to consume and where they could request to consume and where they could request. To consume and where they could request the data according to certain rules but the data according to certain rules but. The data according to certain rules but but it may be it's really relevant to but it may be it's really relevant to. But it may be it's really relevant to this discussion because it would be more this discussion because it would be more. This discussion because it would be more regarding the set 12 itself so maybe we regarding the set 12 itself so maybe we. Regarding the set 12 itself so maybe we should pick it up and can I say one should pick it up and can I say one. Should pick it up and can I say one thing Michael yeah of course from a kind thing Michael yeah of course from a kind. Thing Michael yeah of course from a kind of European perspective because the of European perspective because the. Of European perspective because the regulations are changing slightly and Germany was a leader in this is that. And Germany was a leader in this is that basically we need liveness tests on all basically we need liveness tests on all. Basically we need liveness tests on all new registrations and so the whole new registrations and so the whole. New registrations and so the whole concept of the SEP 12 of basically concept of the SEP 12 of basically. Concept of the SEP 12 of basically having the data and submitting it to a having the data and submitting it to a. Having the data and submitting it to a regulated entity in Europe probably regulated entity in Europe probably. Regulated entity in Europe probably won't fly simply because we need to do a won't fly simply because we need to do a. Won't fly simply because we need to do a live nest egg on the hologram on their live nest egg on the hologram on their. Live nest egg on the hologram on their ID as well as on their face pretty ID as well as on their face pretty. ID as well as on their face pretty principle if they're a sort of a expiry principle if they're a sort of a expiry. Principle if they're a sort of a expiry date and when that so let's say that date and when that so let's say that. Date and when that so let's say that somebody does that three months ago and somebody does that three months ago and. Somebody does that three months ago and you requested the video recording of you requested the video recording of. You requested the video recording of that lioness test somebody sitting in that lioness test somebody sitting in. That lioness test somebody sitting in front of an agent and holding up their front of an agent and holding up their. Front of an agent and holding up their passport for example if you know they passport for example if you know they. Passport for example if you know they know yeah there's no expiry on the video know yeah there's no expiry on the video. Know yeah there's no expiry on the video when the passport expires we have to when the passport expires we have to. When the passport expires we have to request a new passport but yeah the request a new passport but yeah the. Request a new passport but yeah the issues that we as regulated and we have issues that we as regulated and we have. Issues that we as regulated and we have to do our own kyc even if we're using a to do our own kyc even if we're using a. To do our own kyc even if we're using a partner what kind of responsible so we partner what kind of responsible so we. Partner what kind of responsible so we can't 100% delegate that we still have can't 100% delegate that we still have. Can't 100% delegate that we still have to hold be held accountable so it could to hold be held accountable so it could. To hold be held accountable so it could be good to have a third party and in be good to have a third party and in. Be good to have a third party and in fact there's about three or four like fact there's about three or four like. Fact there's about three or four like one if I or some sub or there's about a one if I or some sub or there's about a. One if I or some sub or there's about a dozen vendors out there will offer this dozen vendors out there will offer this. Dozen vendors out there will offer this kind of thing but passing it between kind of thing but passing it between. Kind of thing but passing it between companies it can work you just need an companies it can work you just need an. Companies it can work you just need an agreement a data protection agreement agreement a data protection agreement. Agreement a data protection agreement between the companies like what we between the companies like what we. Between the companies like what we signed with bid bond where they passed signed with bid bond where they passed. Signed with bid bond where they passed us the data they've collected with us the data they've collected with. Us the data they've collected with German kyc provider and they basically German kyc provider and they basically. German kyc provider and they basically an API into the into the provider an API into the into the provider. An API into the into the provider exactly so that would be B something exactly so that would be B something. Exactly so that would be B something along those lines and I'm just thinking along those lines and I'm just thinking. Along those lines and I'm just thinking that that perhaps at 12 could also that that perhaps at 12 could also. That that perhaps at 12 could also assist in this sort of sharing a purse assist in this sort of sharing a purse. Assist in this sort of sharing a purse and then work right so yes of course it and then work right so yes of course it. And then work right so yes of course it would have to be with a German agent in would have to be with a German agent in. Would have to be with a German agent in your case for example over the I guess your case for example over the I guess. Your case for example over the I guess for the European agent that would have for the European agent that would have. For the European agent that would have to do the lioness check that would be to do the lioness check that would be. To do the lioness check that would be like very certain my specifications for like very certain my specifications for. Like very certain my specifications for somebody in Europe compared to somebody somebody in Europe compared to somebody. Somebody in Europe compared to somebody in Africa and so on but the in Africa and so on but the. In Africa and so on but the if that independent compliance provide a if that independent compliance provide a. If that independent compliance provide a partner they they made sure to take all partner they they made sure to take all. Partner they they made sure to take all the data accordingly right so this is the data accordingly right so this is. The data accordingly right so this is combined with this regulation in these combined with this regulation in these. Combined with this regulation in these countries it's not combined with these countries it's not combined with these. Countries it's not combined with these if there's a way of signifying that if there's a way of signifying that. If there's a way of signifying that right and I could still work and however right and I could still work and however. Right and I could still work and however I appreciate this really is an axillary I appreciate this really is an axillary. I appreciate this really is an axillary discussion to the the set it is related discussion to the the set it is related. Discussion to the the set it is related and it's sort of also a little bit and it's sort of also a little bit. And it's sort of also a little bit beyond the scope so it's a very tricky beyond the scope so it's a very tricky. Beyond the scope so it's a very tricky to know when to stop this conversation to know when to stop this conversation. To know when to stop this conversation and so I think it is like it's the and so I think it is like it's the. And so I think it is like it's the actual mechanics of it are outside the actual mechanics of it are outside the. Actual mechanics of it are outside the scope of the SAP but I think it is scope of the SAP but I think it is. Scope of the SAP but I think it is important to just know that that is a important to just know that that is a. Important to just know that that is a use case the idea of having like a use case the idea of having like a. Use case the idea of having like a shared kyc provider so I don't think it shared kyc provider so I don't think it. Shared kyc provider so I don't think it might not work for everybody but I want might not work for everybody but I want. Might not work for everybody but I want to make sure like I want to make sure to make sure like I want to make sure. To make sure like I want to make sure that it does fit into the set if people that it does fit into the set if people. That it does fit into the set if people do want to use that so we had thought do want to use that so we had thought. Do want to use that so we had thought about this and I think that I think the about this and I think that I think the. About this and I think that I think the SEP does provide for that so if you have SEP does provide for that so if you have. SEP does provide for that so if you have a kose network you have somebody a kose network you have somebody. A kose network you have somebody provides you know kose compliance for provides you know kose compliance for. Provides you know kose compliance for you and the way I imagine it works is you and the way I imagine it works is. You and the way I imagine it works is every client has like every end user has every client has like every end user has. Every client has like every end user has a token that says like this is the user a token that says like this is the user. A token that says like this is the user you can look up on the compliance you can look up on the compliance. You can look up on the compliance provider and say here's the user here's provider and say here's the user here's. Provider and say here's the user here's the token can you you know provide the the token can you you know provide the. The token can you you know provide the KYC for me and verify that they've KYC for me and verify that they've. KYC for me and verify that they've actually been you know properly vetted actually been you know properly vetted. Actually been you know properly vetted and I think the way that would work is and I think the way that would work is. And I think the way that would work is that in this info endpoint you know we that in this info endpoint you know we. That in this info endpoint you know we would say instead of first name we would would say instead of first name we would. Would say instead of first name we would say senders kyc token that would allow say senders kyc token that would allow. Say senders kyc token that would allow you to then go back to your kyc provider you to then go back to your kyc provider. You to then go back to your kyc provider and use that token to make sure and use that token to make sure. And use that token to make sure everything's on the up-and-up and everything's on the up-and-up and. Everything's on the up-and-up and everything is what you expect as far as everything is what you expect as far as. Everything is what you expect as far as actually building the KYC network yes actually building the KYC network yes. Actually building the KYC network yes f12 might be a good way to kind of f12 might be a good way to kind of. F12 might be a good way to kind of facilitate that between each other and I facilitate that between each other and I. Facilitate that between each other and I think that is a good use case where you think that is a good use case where you. Think that is a good use case where you actually you don't have to do actually you don't have to do. Actually you don't have to do proprietary characterizing everybody proprietary characterizing everybody. Proprietary characterizing everybody nd I asked you to mute when you're not nd I asked you to mute when you're not. Nd I asked you to mute when you're not talking I think you're you've got some talking I think you're you've got some. Talking I think you're you've got some echo going on there oh thank you but do echo going on there oh thank you but do. Echo going on there oh thank you but do you think that that so I guess my main you think that that so I guess my main. You think that that so I guess my main concern is I just want to make sure that concern is I just want to make sure that. Concern is I just want to make sure that what the step provides doesn't disallow what the step provides doesn't disallow. What the step provides doesn't disallow I don't want people to have to add I don't want people to have to add. I don't want people to have to add another ad hoc API to use this kyc as a another ad hoc API to use this kyc as a. Another ad hoc API to use this kyc as a service stuff so just to I mean this is service stuff so just to I mean this is. Service stuff so just to I mean this is something that we're pushing for very something that we're pushing for very. Something that we're pushing for very much I mean we our service it's very much I mean we our service it's very. Much I mean we our service it's very much in between different entities and much in between different entities and. Much in between different entities and the understood network and one of the the understood network and one of the. The understood network and one of the things that we want to streamline it's things that we want to streamline it's. Things that we want to streamline it's the compliance process so we are we are the compliance process so we are we are. The compliance process so we are we are very actively negotiating with the very actively negotiating with the. Very actively negotiating with the compliance as a service provider and compliance as a service provider and. Compliance as a service provider and inclusive and of course is it something inclusive and of course is it something. Inclusive and of course is it something that we hope to achieve so yes I mean we that we hope to achieve so yes I mean we. That we hope to achieve so yes I mean we would ideally want something on that so would ideally want something on that so. Would ideally want something on that so I'm just just to let you know we're also I'm just just to let you know we're also. I'm just just to let you know we're also doing something where we're just opening. Doing something where we're just opening doing something where we're just opening. Up we have a partner who was requested up we have a partner who was requested up we have a partner who was requested. And we just open up an API where they and we just open up an API where they and we just open up an API where they. Can then pull the information Andy maybe can then pull the information Andy maybe. Can then pull the information Andy maybe that could be a step as well like a that could be a step as well like a. That could be a step as well like a standardized way of pulling but they've standardized way of pulling but they've. Standardized way of pulling but they've been validated the issue that we ran been validated the issue that we ran. Been validated the issue that we ran into is every country's got different into is every country's got different. Into is every country's got different documents they require like we're in documents they require like we're in. Documents they require like we're in we're working in Cyprus and they require we're working in Cyprus and they require. We're working in Cyprus and they require in France we don't require proof of in France we don't require proof of. In France we don't require proof of income but in Cyprus they do so it gets income but in Cyprus they do so it gets. Income but in Cyprus they do so it gets all very complicated very quickly all very complicated very quickly. All very complicated very quickly and and this is why we would we would and and this is why we would we would. And and this is why we would we would want really want a focused entity to want really want a focused entity to. Want really want a focused entity to working in this that we don't all try to working in this that we don't all try to. Working in this that we don't all try to set up our own but but this is at least set up our own but but this is at least. Set up our own but but this is at least from our side what we what we what we from our side what we what we what we. From our side what we what we what we would like to see that we have an entity would like to see that we have an entity. Would like to see that we have an entity dedicated and Stellar who provides that dedicated and Stellar who provides that. Dedicated and Stellar who provides that service and also works on standardizing service and also works on standardizing. Service and also works on standardizing these and then can go into the these and then can go into the. These and then can go into the nitty-gritty of quite figuring out the nitty-gritty of quite figuring out the. Nitty-gritty of quite figuring out the requirements for each jurisdiction and requirements for each jurisdiction and. Requirements for each jurisdiction and the different purposes businesses versus the different purposes businesses versus. The different purposes businesses versus individuals and so on right and the only. Individuals and so on right and the only individuals and so on right and the only. Other comment that I have is that if you other comment that I have is that if you. Other comment that I have is that if you look at one of the big guys like look at one of the big guys like. Look at one of the big guys like remotely and cosimo they typically do remotely and cosimo they typically do. Remotely and cosimo they typically do the became I see at the end meaning they the became I see at the end meaning they. The became I see at the end meaning they receive the payment first and then they receive the payment first and then they. Receive the payment first and then they do the KYC after the payments received do the KYC after the payments received. Do the KYC after the payments received so currently we're not doing that we're so currently we're not doing that we're. So currently we're not doing that we're doing the KYC first where we unset 24 or doing the KYC first where we unset 24 or. Doing the KYC first where we unset 24 or we pop up the interactive URL and this we pop up the interactive URL and this. We pop up the interactive URL and this is going completely off-topic sorry is going completely off-topic sorry. Is going completely off-topic sorry because with anchors anchor - anchor because with anchors anchor - anchor. Because with anchors anchor - anchor traffic that's not an issue but I'm just traffic that's not an issue but I'm just. Traffic that's not an issue but I'm just saying that with the KYC thing it might saying that with the KYC thing it might. Saying that with the KYC thing it might following on Andy's concept of this kos following on Andy's concept of this kos. Following on Andy's concept of this kos uses services it might happen after the uses services it might happen after the. Uses services it might happen after the payment yeah you could share something payment yeah you could share something. Payment yeah you could share something that would be great I mean it's really a that would be great I mean it's really a. That would be great I mean it's really a it's really a good it's like it would be. It's really a good it's like it would be it's really a good it's like it would be. Very valuable for the ecosystem I think very valuable for the ecosystem I think very valuable for the ecosystem I think. If we would have an open standard there if we would have an open standard there if we would have an open standard there. In time and even if the requirements in time and even if the requirements in time and even if the requirements. Chained are very different between chained are very different between chained are very different between. Countries sometimes it would still be countries sometimes it would still be countries sometimes it would still be. Valuable in the sense that you don't valuable in the sense that you don't valuable in the sense that you don't. Need to start from scratch but just need need to start from scratch but just need. Need to start from scratch but just need to add the data that's missing so I to add the data that's missing so I I. To add the data that's missing so I wanted to see I don't know we hadn't wanted to see I don't know we hadn't. Wanted to see I don't know we hadn't heard from UPenn me in a while so I heard from UPenn me in a while so I. Heard from UPenn me in a while so I wanted to see if you have any comments wanted to see if you have any comments. Wanted to see if you have any comments on this and then also say that I also on this and then also say that I also. On this and then also say that I also think this is very relevant to this think this is very relevant to this. Think this is very relevant to this discussion would also suggest perhaps discussion would also suggest perhaps. Discussion would also suggest perhaps that we kind of make some assumptions that we kind of make some assumptions. That we kind of make some assumptions around how kyc is being collected for around how kyc is being collected for. Around how kyc is being collected for kind of like a short-term model of how kind of like a short-term model of how. Kind of like a short-term model of how this anchor - anchor transaction would this anchor - anchor transaction would. This anchor - anchor transaction would work unless that seems too difficult to work unless that seems too difficult to. Work unless that seems too difficult to do just so we can kind of test or do just so we can kind of test or. Do just so we can kind of test or continue that discussion regardless different jurisdictions. Regardless different jurisdictions requiring different kyc I just wanted to requiring different kyc I just wanted to. Requiring different kyc I just wanted to ask isn't it up to the receiving anchor ask isn't it up to the receiving anchor. Ask isn't it up to the receiving anchor so it's the receiving uncle who would so it's the receiving uncle who would. So it's the receiving uncle who would always determine what the requirements always determine what the requirements. Always determine what the requirements are so if you're in Cyprus but you are are so if you're in Cyprus but you are. Are so if you're in Cyprus but you are sending through tempo therefore tempo sending through tempo therefore tempo. Sending through tempo therefore tempo it's what tempo requires so in this it's what tempo requires so in this. It's what tempo requires so in this particular situation you're you're particular situation you're you're. Particular situation you're you're standing from Cyprus but the standing from Cyprus but the. Standing from Cyprus but the requirements would be tempos requirement requirements would be tempos requirement. Requirements would be tempos requirement which means they don't need to think which means they don't need to think. Which means they don't need to think about such situation yeah I just wanted about such situation yeah I just wanted. About such situation yeah I just wanted to ask about receiving Anka who to ask about receiving Anka who. To ask about receiving Anka who determines what is required normally we determines what is required normally we. Determines what is required normally we do the KYC on who's sending the money so do the KYC on who's sending the money so. Do the KYC on who's sending the money so with the case of you guys we do the KYC with the case of you guys we do the KYC. With the case of you guys we do the KYC on on cowering your folium the bank on on on cowering your folium the bank on. On on cowering your folium the bank on the on the case of individual client we the on the case of individual client we. The on the case of individual client we do it on the client so it just depends do it on the client so it just depends. Do it on the client so it just depends on who who is the client in the case of on who who is the client in the case of. On who who is the client in the case of you guys you are our pot so we do the you guys you are our pot so we do the. You guys you are our pot so we do the KYC on you and then but then because KYC on you and then but then because. KYC on you and then but then because you're working with a regulated entity you're working with a regulated entity. You're working with a regulated entity within Nigeria where you're doing the within Nigeria where you're doing the. Within Nigeria where you're doing the KYC in Nigeria and the you passing some KYC in Nigeria and the you passing some. KYC in Nigeria and the you passing some additional details so we do a validation additional details so we do a validation. Additional details so we do a validation check but the person thought on some check but the person thought on some. Check but the person thought on some terrorists list or something like that terrorists list or something like that. Terrorists list or something like that in France but we're relying on you and in France but we're relying on you and. In France but we're relying on you and your banking partner to do the KYC in your banking partner to do the KYC in. Your banking partner to do the KYC in Nigeria on the sender no now now if the Nigeria on the sender no now now if the. Nigeria on the sender no now now if the amounts are a little bit higher like amounts are a little bit higher like. Amounts are a little bit higher like with you guys typically what we ask for with you guys typically what we ask for. With you guys typically what we ask for additional information not proof of additional information not proof of. Additional information not proof of income but you know what what's it for income but you know what what's it for. Income but you know what what's it for like proof of the someone sending two like proof of the someone sending two. Like proof of the someone sending two hundred thousand euro or four hundred hundred thousand euro or four hundred. Hundred thousand euro or four hundred thousand dollars and this an individual thousand dollars and this an individual. Thousand dollars and this an individual normally would better buying a house normally would better buying a house. Normally would better buying a house we'll need a reason for the wire and we'll need a reason for the wire and. We'll need a reason for the wire and then maybe proof of the purchase of the then maybe proof of the purchase of the. Then maybe proof of the purchase of the house or with a company house or with a company. House or with a company does need an invoice for the your does need an invoice for the your. Does need an invoice for the your company might need to send an invoice company might need to send an invoice. Company might need to send an invoice and that's not relying on us that's and that's not relying on us that's. And that's not relying on us that's often our downstream banks that require often our downstream banks that require. Often our downstream banks that require that or our internal compliance officer that or our internal compliance officer. That or our internal compliance officer yeah so my question is that in this case yeah so my question is that in this case. Yeah so my question is that in this case temper we have to follow the template temper we have to follow the template. Temper we have to follow the template requirements so it's not determined by requirements so it's not determined by. Requirements so it's not determined by requirements that might country you as requirements that might country you as. Requirements that might country you as the receiving anchor you are responsible the receiving anchor you are responsible. The receiving anchor you are responsible for determining what kyc used to be for determining what kyc used to be. For determining what kyc used to be censored this question of different censored this question of different. Censored this question of different jurisdictions I went what I'm trying to jurisdictions I went what I'm trying to. Jurisdictions I went what I'm trying to get out of is the receiving honker get out of is the receiving honker. Get out of is the receiving honker always wins is to receive an actor who always wins is to receive an actor who. Always wins is to receive an actor who determines what kyc is required so determines what kyc is required so. Determines what kyc is required so therefore it's always receiving I'm therefore it's always receiving I'm. Therefore it's always receiving I'm Christa jurisdiction as it doesn't Christa jurisdiction as it doesn't. Christa jurisdiction as it doesn't matter what the standing occurs matter what the standing occurs. Matter what the standing occurs jurisdiction came I see to require okay jurisdiction came I see to require okay. Jurisdiction came I see to require okay I think but in any event I think this I think but in any event I think this. I think but in any event I think this flow works for us Michael when I talked flow works for us Michael when I talked. Flow works for us Michael when I talked to you last there was some information to you last there was some information. To you last there was some information like the how would this work for a cash like the how would this work for a cash. Like the how would this work for a cash transaction like a cash out and the transaction like a cash out and the. Transaction like a cash out and the second one was a rename like if the second one was a rename like if the. Second one was a rename like if the person that the receiver name was wrong person that the receiver name was wrong. Person that the receiver name was wrong and they needed to change it or the bank and they needed to change it or the bank. And they needed to change it or the bank account was wrong yeah so so in the case. Account was wrong yeah so so in the case account was wrong yeah so so in the case. Of if some of the information is wrong I of if some of the information is wrong I. Of if some of the information is wrong I think what we do is we just have an arat we just error it. We just have an arat we just error it out so with a with an area that says you out so with a with an area that says you. Out so with a with an area that says you know the bank account is not a valid know the bank account is not a valid. Know the bank account is not a valid bank account or something but what bank account or something but what. Bank account or something but what happens if it's after after tempo like happens if it's after after tempo like. Happens if it's after after tempo like it's a downstream thing we sent it to it's a downstream thing we sent it to. It's a downstream thing we sent it to our bank and maybe the bank at the other our bank and maybe the bank at the other. Our bank and maybe the bank at the other end rejects it because it says account end rejects it because it says account. End rejects it because it says account number invalid so okay yeah that's that number invalid so okay yeah that's that. Number invalid so okay yeah that's that was one of my big questions I want to was one of my big questions I want to. Was one of my big questions I want to ask is how rare is that case and is that ask is how rare is that case and is that. Ask is how rare is that case and is that something we want to make part of the something we want to make part of the. Something we want to make part of the spec so I could imagine a case where we spec so I could imagine a case where we. Spec so I could imagine a case where we have you know the this thinning anchor have you know the this thinning anchor. Have you know the this thinning anchor might say if anything goes wrong send might say if anything goes wrong send. Might say if anything goes wrong send the money back to this Stellar account the money back to this Stellar account. The money back to this Stellar account and we'll essentially reverse the whole and we'll essentially reverse the whole. And we'll essentially reverse the whole thing this this creates bank accounts I thing this this creates bank accounts I. Thing this this creates bank accounts I don't think we have a lot of errors but don't think we have a lot of errors but. Don't think we have a lot of errors but we do with a cash so if someone sitting we do with a cash so if someone sitting. We do with a cash so if someone sitting to a cash transaction is a synagogue or to a cash transaction is a synagogue or. To a cash transaction is a synagogue or Philippines Philippines Philippines we often get like I mentioned last time. We often get like I mentioned last time we often get like I mentioned last time things about three to five percent of. Things about three to five percent of things about three to five percent of the transactions the person puts the. The transactions the person puts the the transactions the person puts the wrong cuz then it might person might. Wrong cuz then it might person might wrong cuz then it might person might have a middle name might have like three. Have a middle name might have like three have a middle name might have like three. Or four names and so the sender puts two or four names and so the sender puts two. Or four names and so the sender puts two of the names and so when they get person. Of the names and so when they get person of the names and so when they get person. Goes to pick up the cash their passport goes to pick up the cash their passport goes to pick up the cash their passport. Says the whole five names and so they says the whole five names and so they says the whole five names and so they. Have to call us or contact us and then have to call us or contact us and then have to call us or contact us and then. Do a rename okay so this is this is do a rename okay so this is this is do a rename okay so this is this is. Where you're acting as the sending where you're acting as the sending where you're acting as the sending. Anchor not as the receiving right and anchor not as the receiving right and anchor not as the receiving right and. Then a receiving anchor says let me do a then a receiving anchor says let me do a. Then a receiving anchor says let me do a little bit of cash out it's not our main. Little bit of cash out it's not our main little bit of cash out it's not our main. Business but I was more focusing on business but I was more focusing on business but I was more focusing on. Africa don't we do a lot yeah okay that's yeah that's a big percentage to that's yeah that's a big percentage to. Just ever out I think I think just just ever out I think I think just just ever out I think I think just. Airing it out is the well okay no sorry airing it out is the well okay no sorry airing it out is the well okay no sorry. You can't hair it out because it's you can't hair it out because it's you can't hair it out because it's. Already sent some four is kind of like an update some four is kind of like an update. Payment endpoint or something where payment endpoint or something where payment endpoint or something where. Someone can change after after someone can change after after someone can change after after. Everything is said and done but it everything is said and done but it everything is said and done but it. Hasn't been paid out you want to be able hasn't been paid out you want to be able. Hasn't been paid out you want to be able to update something normally what would to update something normally what would. To update something normally what would happen is they pull the transaction happen is they pull the transaction. Happen is they pull the transaction status we'd have it marked as error and status we'd have it marked as error and. Status we'd have it marked as error and we'd have an error type like it'll be we'd have an error type like it'll be. We'd have an error type like it'll be one of two things it'll be in pending one of two things it'll be in pending. One of two things it'll be in pending pickup or like a waiting for pickup pickup or like a waiting for pickup. Pickup or like a waiting for pickup status this is cash still and the person status this is cash still and the person. Status this is cash still and the person would do a rename and say okay instead would do a rename and say okay instead. Would do a rename and say okay instead of John Mark is John it's John Luke and of John Mark is John it's John Luke and. Of John Mark is John it's John Luke and and does it renames the last name okay and does it renames the last name okay. And does it renames the last name okay and so currently this solution that like and so currently this solution that like. And so currently this solution that like actually exists in the spec is to just actually exists in the spec is to just. Actually exists in the spec is to just issue a refund and do it again okay this issue a refund and do it again okay this. Issue a refund and do it again okay this this creates problems because there's this creates problems because there's. This creates problems because there's foreign exchange fees values change foreign exchange fees values change. Foreign exchange fees values change obviously it's definitely not ideal so obviously it's definitely not ideal so. Obviously it's definitely not ideal so again with our customers they would again with our customers they would. Again with our customers they would expect it to be the same they'd expect expect it to be the same they'd expect. Expect it to be the same they'd expect exactly it'll be a giant nightmare if exactly it'll be a giant nightmare if. Exactly it'll be a giant nightmare if lifted you'll refund right we do it yeah lifted you'll refund right we do it yeah. Lifted you'll refund right we do it yeah okay then I think that's something okay then I think that's something. Okay then I think that's something that's missing I think there's something that's missing I think there's something. That's missing I think there's something that's missing here so we need to figure. That's missing here so we need to figure that's missing here so we need to figure. Out a way for the receiving anchor to out a way for the receiving anchor to out a way for the receiving anchor to. Tell the sending anchor something's tell the sending anchor something's tell the sending anchor something's. Wrong here's what's wrong and here's how wrong here's what's wrong and here's how. Wrong here's what's wrong and here's how you can tell us how to fix it if it's a you can tell us how to fix it if it's a. You can tell us how to fix it if it's a fixable thing right so what they would fixable thing right so what they would. Fixable thing right so what they would probably do is give the reference the probably do is give the reference the. Probably do is give the reference the transaction reference the operation ID transaction reference the operation ID. Transaction reference the operation ID or some transaction reference that we or some transaction reference that we. Or some transaction reference that we feed them back and then send a feed them back and then send a. Feed them back and then send a transaction update call okay and since transaction update call okay and since. Transaction update call okay and since the spec doesn't have a way to update the spec doesn't have a way to update. The spec doesn't have a way to update the transaction only to create them the transaction only to create them. The transaction only to create them that's probably the missing okay ah it's a little more complicated. Okay ah it's a little more complicated because you have to tell the setting Inc because you have to tell the setting Inc. Because you have to tell the setting Inc or something and that's a different or something and that's a different. Or something and that's a different direction that doesn't really exist in direction that doesn't really exist in. Direction that doesn't really exist in the specs so far so okay this is good the specs so far so okay this is good. The specs so far so okay this is good information I'm gonna have to do some information I'm gonna have to do some. Information I'm gonna have to do some thinking on that and come up with come thinking on that and come up with come. Thinking on that and come up with come up with a solution but I agree that that up with a solution but I agree that that. Up with a solution but I agree that that would make the product a lot better this. Would make the product a lot better this would make the product a lot better this. Is kind of a big missing thing okay is kind of a big missing thing okay is kind of a big missing thing okay. That's fine have this resolved with the that's fine have this resolved with the that's fine have this resolved with the. Transaction and portable so you would transaction and portable so you would transaction and portable so you would. Normally pull the transaction endpoint normally pull the transaction endpoint normally pull the transaction endpoint. To find out the status of your to find out the status of your to find out the status of your. Transaction so compass be solved with transaction so compass be solved with transaction so compass be solved with. That endpoint basically when you first that endpoint basically when you first that endpoint basically when you first. Send the transaction they would return send the transaction they would return send the transaction they would return. Something like panting pay up and then something like panting pay up and then something like panting pay up and then. Eventually let's say you call it a eventually let's say you call it a eventually let's say you call it a. Couple of hours later tomorrow we're at couple of hours later tomorrow we're at couple of hours later tomorrow we're at. That point you know there's something that point you know there's something that point you know there's something. Wrong then it would have an error wrong then it would have an error wrong then it would have an error. Description wouldn't that work yeah I description wouldn't that work yeah I description wouldn't that work yeah I. Think so so the transaction object can think so so the transaction object can think so so the transaction object can. Have like a status you know have like a status you know have like a status you know. Mmm info needed or update eat it or mmm info needed or update eat it or mmm info needed or update eat it or. Something you know we just had a comment something you know we just had a comment. Something you know we just had a comment on YouTube from Mariano who said do you on YouTube from Mariano who said do you. On YouTube from Mariano who said do you think an intermediate status could be think an intermediate status could be. Think an intermediate status could be added for all transactions that by added for all transactions that by. Added for all transactions that by default status would be pending and then default status would be pending and then. Default status would be pending and then change to share that comment and also change to share that comment and also. Change to share that comment and also give a five minute warning cool yeah give a five minute warning cool yeah. Give a five minute warning cool yeah I think that when you guys well said I think that when you guys well said. I think that when you guys well said just makes sense have a status needed just makes sense have a status needed. Just makes sense have a status needed update for transaction and then also update for transaction and then also. Update for transaction and then also make it so you can do a plate or a make it so you can do a plate or a. Make it so you can do a plate or a update call on the transaction endpoint update call on the transaction endpoint. Update call on the transaction endpoint to actually change some of the to actually change some of the. To actually change some of the information information information I think that seems fine one of the last. I think that seems fine one of the last I think that seems fine one of the last things I wanted to ask about while we're. Things I wanted to ask about while we're things I wanted to ask about while we're. All here is the idea of receiving kyc all here is the idea of receiving kyc all here is the idea of receiving kyc. What I've been hearing most of is that what I've been hearing most of is that what I've been hearing most of is that. There's not a big issue as far as like there's not a big issue as far as like there's not a big issue as far as like. To be run kyc on the receiver could you to be run kyc on the receiver could you to be run kyc on the receiver could you. Guys share a little about what what guys share a little about what what guys share a little about what what. Requirements you have about the person requirements you have about the person requirements you have about the person. Receiving the money just really receiving the money just really receiving the money just really. Quickly from a European perspective for quickly from a European perspective for quickly from a European perspective for. Mittens it's fairly like kyc because mittens it's fairly like kyc because mittens it's fairly like kyc because. Either we collected directly from the either we collected directly from the either we collected directly from the. Recipients like if they come to a store recipients like if they come to a store recipients like if they come to a store. A physical outlet to pick up cash a physical outlet to pick up cash a physical outlet to pick up cash. They'll provide their ID so we don't they'll provide their ID so we don't they'll provide their ID so we don't. Need anything on the call because we're need anything on the call because we're need anything on the call because we're. Collecting it or it's the bank account collecting it or it's the bank account collecting it or it's the bank account. In and European bank account we don't in and European bank account we don't in and European bank account we don't. Need an additional kose information need an additional kose information need an additional kose information. However if it was a merchant and we're however if it was a merchant and we're however if it was a merchant and we're. Doing merchants acquiring which we've doing merchants acquiring which we've doing merchants acquiring which we've. Been looking into then we might need to been looking into then we might need to been looking into then we might need to. Kyc the beneficiary because that in that kyc the beneficiary because that in that. Kyc the beneficiary because that in that case the beneficiary would be a merchant. Case the beneficiary would be a merchant case the beneficiary would be a merchant. But I don't think I think that's out of but I don't think I think that's out of but I don't think I think that's out of. Scope for this specification when you're scope for this specification when you're. Scope for this specification when you're acting in as the sender do you ever need. Acting in as the sender do you ever need acting in as the sender do you ever need. Any kose on on the receiving client when any kose on on the receiving client when. Any kose on on the receiving client when you're descending anchor occasionally we. You're descending anchor occasionally we you're descending anchor occasionally we. Do okay but that's our compliance do okay but that's our compliance do okay but that's our compliance. Officer would go to their compliance officer would go to their compliance officer would go to their compliance. Officer and typically ask for proof of officer and typically ask for proof of officer and typically ask for proof of. The ID but I think it happens it's a the ID but I think it happens it's a the ID but I think it happens it's a. Very rare event okay but it could come on the transactions but it could come on the transactions. Again like I mentioned if it's a very again like I mentioned if it's a very again like I mentioned if it's a very. Large amount there might be additional large amount there might be additional large amount there might be additional. Proof of source of funds or you know for proof of source of funds or you know for. Proof of source of funds or you know for an invoice or a company or something an invoice or a company or something. An invoice or a company or something else we handle that side of expect if your we handle that side of expect if your. Receiver kyc doesn't come up much if receiver kyc doesn't come up much if receiver kyc doesn't come up much if. It's going into a back then it's all it's going into a back then it's all it's going into a back then it's all. Handled by the back has all became YC handled by the back has all became YC handled by the back has all became YC. Initially and it's no it's we don't at initially and it's no it's we don't at initially and it's no it's we don't at. The moment but if it's cash then we the moment but if it's cash then we the moment but if it's cash then we. Connected it from the actual we could connected it from the actual we could connected it from the actual we could. Click the KYC from the person who's click the KYC from the person who's click the KYC from the person who's. Coming to pick up the cash so we don't coming to pick up the cash so we don't coming to pick up the cash so we don't. Need to rely on okay Anthony you're need to rely on okay Anthony you're need to rely on okay Anthony you're. Saying that sounds like by necessity a saying that sounds like by necessity a saying that sounds like by necessity a. Very high touch thing it's not something very high touch thing it's not something. Very high touch thing it's not something that can really be codified for cash no that can really be codified for cash no. That can really be codified for cash no for like a really high value transaction for like a really high value transaction. For like a really high value transaction where you need proof of funds or where you need proof of funds or. Where you need proof of funds or something is that something that can something is that something that can. Something is that something that can become part of the spec or is that like become part of the spec or is that like. Become part of the spec or is that like you really need a compliance officer to you really need a compliance officer to. You really need a compliance officer to be doing this manually for me it would be doing this manually for me it would. Be doing this manually for me it would be maybe a next version of us of the be maybe a next version of us of the. Be maybe a next version of us of the spec again each country is different so spec again each country is different so. Spec again each country is different so it's a little bit hard to codify it okay pending the anchors to it I guess that. Pending the anchors to it I guess that would be done by pending senator pending would be done by pending senator pending. Would be done by pending senator pending receiver if you're gonna check on receiver if you're gonna check on. Receiver if you're gonna check on something that's more complicated so something that's more complicated so. Something that's more complicated so that that's fine yeah it could be a that that's fine yeah it could be a. That that's fine yeah it could be a pending receiver and if there was some pending receiver and if there was some. Pending receiver and if there was some free text or something like this it free text or something like this it. Free text or something like this it could be good where you say a proof of could be good where you say a proof of. Could be good where you say a proof of proof of source of funds are proof of proof of source of funds are proof of. Proof of source of funds are proof of Issa funds required yeah cool I know our Issa funds required yeah cool I know our. Issa funds required yeah cool I know our time is basically over but I just wanted. Time is basically over but I just wanted time is basically over but I just wanted. To highlight that we didn't have the to highlight that we didn't have the to highlight that we didn't have the. Chance to talk about the our use case chance to talk about the our use case chance to talk about the our use case. Yet said is like if it involves a party yet said is like if it involves a party yet said is like if it involves a party. That it's not a traditional anchor in that it's not a traditional anchor in that it's not a traditional anchor in. That sense but another business entity I that sense but another business entity I. That sense but another business entity I don't know do we still have time to don't know do we still have time to. Don't know do we still have time to quickly outline what what what different quickly outline what what what different. Quickly outline what what what different approaches or what what features we approaches or what what features we. Approaches or what what features we would need in the in the set and to pull would need in the in the set and to pull. Would need in the in the set and to pull that off for this special use case maybe. That off for this special use case maybe that off for this special use case maybe. I'm gonna jump in here yes I totally I'm gonna jump in here yes I totally I'm gonna jump in here yes I totally. Agree with you Andy and I think you know agree with you Andy and I think you know. Agree with you Andy and I think you know this just means we need to set up more this just means we need to set up more. This just means we need to set up more of these discussions and more frequently of these discussions and more frequently. Of these discussions and more frequently or definitely really focused on or definitely really focused on. Or definitely really focused on supporting the stuff in your use case as supporting the stuff in your use case as. Supporting the stuff in your use case as well so I think for now we can't extend well so I think for now we can't extend. Well so I think for now we can't extend this specific session but we can this specific session but we can. This specific session but we can obviously continue to extend it offline obviously continue to extend it offline. Obviously continue to extend it offline and perhaps we'll set up another one of and perhaps we'll set up another one of. And perhaps we'll set up another one of these in the near future these in the near future. These in the near future so thank you all for attending I also so thank you all for attending I also. So thank you all for attending I also just wanted to address one kind of just wanted to address one kind of. Just wanted to address one kind of recurring question that we saw through recurring question that we saw through. Recurring question that we saw through our website and YouTube feeds which was our website and YouTube feeds which was. Our website and YouTube feeds which was in regards to like how do you know the in regards to like how do you know the. In regards to like how do you know the quality of an anchor or des Stellar or quality of an anchor or des Stellar or. Quality of an anchor or des Stellar or SDF somehow that anchors as part of its SDF somehow that anchors as part of its. SDF somehow that anchors as part of its network and so I just wanted to make the network and so I just wanted to make the. Network and so I just wanted to make the point clear that Stellar itself is an point clear that Stellar itself is an. Point clear that Stellar itself is an open financial network a decentralized open financial network a decentralized. Open financial network a decentralized ledger anchors are enterprises and ledger anchors are enterprises and. Ledger anchors are enterprises and institutions with real world reputation institutions with real world reputation. Institutions with real world reputation and oftentimes real world licenses and and oftentimes real world licenses and. And oftentimes real world licenses and regulations that they're following so regulations that they're following so. Regulations that they're following so anchors are vetted by applications or anchors are vetted by applications or. Anchors are vetted by applications or other anchors that are going to use other anchors that are going to use. Other anchors that are going to use those services with the mastaba those services with the mastaba. Those services with the mastaba ecosystem we have a system called you ecosystem we have a system called you. Ecosystem we have a system called you know Thomas which helps to helps anchors know Thomas which helps to helps anchors. Know Thomas which helps to helps anchors to publish their website information to publish their website information. To publish their website information about themselves their business licenses about themselves their business licenses. About themselves their business licenses they hold but we you know certainly are they hold but we you know certainly are. They hold but we you know certainly are working in both and open but also working in both and open but also. Working in both and open but also reputational ecosystem on Stellar so I reputational ecosystem on Stellar so I. Reputational ecosystem on Stellar so I just wanted to quickly touch on that and just wanted to quickly touch on that and. Just wanted to quickly touch on that and again thank everyone for joining this again thank everyone for joining this. Again thank everyone for joining this conversation is certainly not over so conversation is certainly not over so. Conversation is certainly not over so perhaps even you know just getting perhaps even you know just getting. Perhaps even you know just getting started but I think a lot of really started but I think a lot of really. Started but I think a lot of really great insights here a lot of great great insights here a lot of great. Great insights here a lot of great suggestions and so will will follow up suggestions and so will will follow up. Suggestions and so will will follow up and continue to take things forward cool and continue to take things forward cool. And continue to take things forward cool thanks everyone.
