Hello and welcome everyone to this Hello and welcome everyone to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting. This. Week's Stellar Developer Meeting. This week's Stellar Developer Meeting. This week we are talking to Open Seelin and. Week we are talking to Open Seelin and week we are talking to Open Seelin and the primary focus of of this week's. the primary focus of of this week's the primary focus of of this week's meeting is the the relayer service. So. Meeting is the the relayer service. So meeting is the the relayer service. So yeah please introduce yourself and . yeah please introduce yourself and yeah please introduce yourself and . And we'll get get into it. And we'll get get into it. And we'll get get into it.  Yeah. Hi thank you. thanks for having  Yeah. Hi thank you. thanks for having.  Yeah. Hi thank you. thanks for having us. So my name is Dylan Kilkenny. a. Us. So my name is Dylan Kilkenny. a us. So my name is Dylan Kilkenny. a software engineer at OpenZeppelin and. Software engineer at OpenZeppelin and software engineer at OpenZeppelin and the past couple of months mainly working. The past couple of months mainly working the past couple of months mainly working. On the the relay infrastructure, the on the the relay infrastructure, the on the the relay infrastructure, the. Plug-in systems and specifically the the plug-in systems and specifically the the. Plug-in systems and specifically the the Stellar integrations.  Hi. Hi, my name is Sai. I'm the  Hi. Hi, my name is Sai. I'm the. Engineering manager managing relays and engineering manager managing relays and engineering manager managing relays and. Monitors at opening. Monitors at opening. Monitors at opening. Hi, my name is Collins a site Hi, my name is Collins a site Hi, my name is Collins a site. Reliability engineer supporting the reliability engineer supporting the reliability engineer supporting the . Relayer u plugins that you are about to relayer u plugins that you are about to relayer u plugins that you are about to. Present. Present. Present.  Great. Thank you. So we already talked a  Great. Thank you. So we already talked a.  Great. Thank you. So we already talked a little bit about a little bit about. Little bit about a little bit about little bit about a little bit about relayer just very high level overview. Relayer just very high level overview relayer just very high level overview. in one of the previous talks we had in one of the previous talks we had in one of the previous talks we had. With open selein. So, I'm I'm excited with open selein. So, I'm I'm excited with open selein. So, I'm I'm excited. About diving deeper into what it is, how about diving deeper into what it is, how. About diving deeper into what it is, how it works, and and and what you can do. It works, and and and what you can do it works, and and and what you can do. With it on Stella. So, please share with it on Stella. So, please share with it on Stella. So, please share. Your screen and let's get get started. Your screen and let's get get started. Your screen and let's get get started.  Okay, perfect. Thank you. Okay, you can see my screen. Yeah. So Okay, you can see my screen. Yeah. So what we've been working on the past few. What we've been working on the past few what we've been working on the past few months what's kind of worked. Months what's kind of worked months what's kind of worked [clears throat] towards is this manage. [clears throat] towards is this manage [clears throat] towards is this manage Stellar relayer service and like in a. Stellar relayer service and like in a Stellar relayer service and like in a nutshell what this offers is a scalable. Nutshell what this offers is a scalable nutshell what this offers is a scalable high throughput transaction service for. High throughput transaction service for high throughput transaction service for the Stellar network and there are a few. The Stellar network and there are a few the Stellar network and there are a few components that were involved in the. Components that were involved in the components that were involved in the making of this and of course the first. Making of this and of course the first making of this and of course the first of all is the OpenZeppelin reer so I'm. Of all is the OpenZeppelin reer so I'm of all is the OpenZeppelin reer so I'm just going to go through like a few of. Just going to go through like a few of just going to go through like a few of the things that got us here and like. The things that got us here and like the things that got us here and like what it took to to build this like. What it took to to build this like what it took to to build this like first of all you've you've mentioned. First of all you've you've mentioned first of all you've you've mentioned you've already spoken about like the. You've already spoken about like the you've already spoken about like the relayer service but just to go over. Relayer service but just to go over relayer service but just to go over quickly again the OpenZeppelin. Quickly again the OpenZeppelin quickly again the OpenZeppelin relayer is an open source tool and it it. Relayer is an open source tool and it it relayer is an open source tool and it it. Simplifies the transaction management simplifies the transaction management simplifies the transaction management. For multiple different networks for multiple different networks for multiple different networks. Including Stellar and what that means is including Stellar and what that means is. Including Stellar and what that means is like it'll handle the gas it will handle. Like it'll handle the gas it will handle like it'll handle the gas it will handle. The sequence numbers the reliability the sequence numbers the reliability the sequence numbers the reliability. Like the retries if a transaction like the retries if a transaction like the retries if a transaction. Fails so like this is useful for a fails so like this is useful for a fails so like this is useful for a. Number of reasons such as gasless number of reasons such as gasless number of reasons such as gasless. Transactions or automating transactions transactions or automating transactions transactions or automating transactions. Or like scalable workloads. Or like scalable workloads. Or like scalable workloads. But one of the one of the valuable But one of the one of the valuable But one of the one of the valuable. Aspects of this type of tool is that aspects of this type of tool is that aspects of this type of tool is that. It's secure and secure key management is it's secure and secure key management is. It's secure and secure key management is one of the most important features. And one of the most important features. And. One of the most important features. And in the case of Stellar, we support in the case of Stellar, we support . in the case of Stellar, we support KMS signing, turnkey signing, or KMS signing, turnkey signing, or. KMS signing, turnkey signing, or local signers even. local signers even. . Local signers even. so yeah a couple of months ago or a few so yeah a couple of months ago or a few. So yeah a couple of months ago or a few months ago we started working on a months ago we started working on a. Months ago we started working on a Stellar integration for this tool and in Stellar integration for this tool and in. Stellar integration for this tool and in doing so we now offer full Soroban doing so we now offer full Soroban. Doing so we now offer full Soroban smart contract functionality. So it smart contract functionality. So it. Smart contract functionality. So it allows users to deploy contracts through allows users to deploy contracts through. Allows users to deploy contracts through the OpenZeppelin relayer. They can the OpenZeppelin relayer. They can. The OpenZeppelin relayer. They can invoke contracts then standard invoke contracts then standard . Invoke contracts then standard Stellar xlm payments. and like as I Stellar xlm payments. and like as I. Stellar xlm payments. and like as I mentioned this offers this is included mentioned this offers this is included. Mentioned this offers this is included with KMS signing and turnkey signing. With KMS signing and turnkey signing. With KMS signing and turnkey signing. but there there are some limitations but there there are some limitations but there there are some limitations. To how you can send transactions to how you can send transactions to how you can send transactions. Through the Stellar network and and one through the Stellar network and and one through the Stellar network and and one. Of which would be the the sequence of which would be the the sequence of which would be the the sequence. Number having I'm not sure how to put number having I'm not sure how to put. Number having I'm not sure how to put this clearly but causing issues with this clearly but causing issues with . This clearly but causing issues with scalability like high throughput scalability like high throughput. Scalability like high throughput transactions. And so we were working transactions. And so we were working. Transactions. And so we were working towards developing some features towards developing some features. Towards developing some features within the relayer that will allow the within the relayer that will allow the. Within the relayer that will allow the Stellar relayers to scale larger. And Stellar relayers to scale larger. And. Stellar relayers to scale larger. And one of the the features that enabled us one of the the features that enabled us. One of the the features that enabled us to do this was the relayer plug-in to do this was the relayer plug-in. To do this was the relayer plug-in system. So in a nutshell what this does system. So in a nutshell what this does. System. So in a nutshell what this does is allows us to extend a standard is allows us to extend a standard . Is allows us to extend a standard relayer with ex with further relayer with ex with further. Relayer with ex with further functionality. So from a developer's functionality. So from a developer's. Functionality. So from a developer's perspective, what you would do is write perspective, what you would do is write. Perspective, what you would do is write some TypeScript code and inside this some TypeScript code and inside this. Some TypeScript code and inside this plug-in, you would have access to the plug-in, you would have access to the. Plug-in, you would have access to the relay system for submitting relay system for submitting. Relay system for submitting transactions, signing transactions, transactions, signing transactions, . Transactions, signing transactions, querying state, etc. And you would still querying state, etc. And you would still. Querying state, etc. And you would still communicate to the to the OpenZeppelin communicate to the to the OpenZeppelin. Communicate to the to the OpenZeppelin relayer through the the rest API, but relayer through the the rest API, but. Relayer through the the rest API, but you would be calling this plug-in you would be calling this plug-in. You would be calling this plug-in directly. And in the case of Stellar, directly. And in the case of Stellar,. Directly. And in the case of Stellar, we've used this system for developing a we've used this system for developing a. We've used this system for developing a channels plug-in. So the channels channels plug-in. So the channels. Channels plug-in. So the channels plug-in allows allows users to submit plug-in allows allows users to submit. Plug-in allows allows users to submit transactions in parallel and the the key transactions in parallel and the the key. Transactions in parallel and the the key workflow here is that we use channel workflow here is that we use channel. Workflow here is that we use channel accounts for building the transaction. Accounts for building the transaction. Accounts for building the transaction. So in this plug-in system in this spec So in this plug-in system in this spec So in this plug-in system in this spec. Specific plug-in called the channels specific plug-in called the channels specific plug-in called the channels. Plug-in we manage a pool of channel plug-in we manage a pool of channel plug-in we manage a pool of channel. Channel accounts and the user sends a channel accounts and the user sends a channel accounts and the user sends a. Request and we acquire a channel request and we acquire a channel request and we acquire a channel. Account. We sign the user's transaction account. We sign the user's transaction account. We sign the user's transaction. With that channel account and then we with that channel account and then we with that channel account and then we. Submit it to the Stellar network with submit it to the Stellar network with. Submit it to the Stellar network with a fee bump transaction as well. So it's a fee bump transaction as well. So it's. A fee bump transaction as well. So it's also gasless. so yeah parallel also gasless. so yeah parallel. Also gasless. so yeah parallel transaction processing automatic fee transaction processing automatic fee. Transaction processing automatic fee bumping and this includes an SDK bumping and this includes an SDK. Bumping and this includes an SDK client so that users can quickly send client so that users can quickly send. Client so that users can quickly send transactions or pain painlessly and I'll. Transactions or pain painlessly and I'll transactions or pain painlessly and I'll. Give a demo of that at the end of this give a demo of that at the end of this give a demo of that at the end of this. Anyway but just to walk through the the anyway but just to walk through the the anyway but just to walk through the the. Flow of of what happens here. So from flow of of what happens here. So from flow of of what happens here. So from. The client the user will send a request. The client the user will send a request. The client the user will send a request. The request goes to the relayer and the The request goes to the relayer and the The request goes to the relayer and the. Reer invokes the plug-in. The plugin reer invokes the plug-in. The plugin reer invokes the plug-in. The plugin. Then acquires a channel account. This then acquires a channel account. This then acquires a channel account. This. Channel account is managed by the realer channel account is managed by the realer. Channel account is managed by the realer that I must say all of these accounts that I must say all of these accounts. That I must say all of these accounts are managed by the realer but the are managed by the realer but the. Are managed by the realer but the plug-in is able to lock one and then plug-in is able to lock one and then. Plug-in is able to lock one and then sign a transaction with that channel sign a transaction with that channel. Sign a transaction with that channel account. And that transaction is the one account. And that transaction is the one. Account. And that transaction is the one that the user sent. And we then wrap that the user sent. And we then wrap. That the user sent. And we then wrap that in a fee bump and submit it to the that in a fee bump and submit it to the. That in a fee bump and submit it to the Stellar network. Once the transaction Stellar network. Once the transaction. Stellar network. Once the transaction confirms, we release the lock and we confirms, we release the lock and we. Confirms, we release the lock and we send the result back to the user. So the send the result back to the user. So the. Send the result back to the user. So the the system is is scalable by the number the system is is scalable by the number. The system is is scalable by the number of channel accounts that we have to of channel accounts that we have to. Of channel accounts that we have to offer. So if we if we if we put 200 offer. So if we if we if we put 200. Offer. So if we if we if we put 200 channel accounts in the system, you can channel accounts in the system, you can. Channel accounts in the system, you can send 200 transactions in parallel with send 200 transactions in parallel with. Send 200 transactions in parallel with with one user account. and just with one user account. and just. With one user account. and just quickly on the on the account pooling quickly on the on the account pooling. Quickly on the on the account pooling system we have here. So the plug-in system we have here. So the plug-in. System we have here. So the plug-in system behind the scenes is using Reddus system behind the scenes is using Reddus. System behind the scenes is using Reddus to manage the the pool of accounts. So to manage the the pool of accounts. So. To manage the the pool of accounts. So an incoming request comes in, we try to an incoming request comes in, we try to. An incoming request comes in, we try to lock the account. If it's available, we lock the account. If it's available, we. Lock the account. If it's available, we can acquire it, process transaction. If can acquire it, process transaction. If. Can acquire it, process transaction. If it's not, we try again on the next it's not, we try again on the next. It's not, we try again on the next account. So it's it's it's it's account. So it's it's it's it's. Account. So it's it's it's it's pretty straightforward. and just pretty straightforward. and just. Pretty straightforward. and just quickly on quickly on quickly on the SD SDK client itself. So this is. The SD SDK client itself. So this is the SD SDK client itself. So this is what it would look like for sending. What it would look like for sending what it would look like for sending transaction. so we have this channels. Transaction. so we have this channels transaction. so we have this channels. Client and right now the the base URL is client and right now the the base URL is. Client and right now the the base URL is pointing at channels.openzeppland.com. Pointing at channels.openzeppland.com pointing at channels.openzeppland.com. Which isn't live yet. We're still which isn't live yet. We're still which isn't live yet. We're still. Working on getting that live either working on getting that live either working on getting that live either. Tomorrow or by Monday. But this could tomorrow or by Monday. But this could tomorrow or by Monday. But this could. Also be you can also send this these also be you can also send this these also be you can also send this these. Requests to your own self-hosted relay. Requests to your own self-hosted relay. Requests to your own self-hosted relay. Right? So this doesn't have to go Right? So this doesn't have to go Right? So this doesn't have to go. Through the through the managed service through the through the managed service through the through the managed service. That we provide. So this plug-in is all that we provide. So this plug-in is all that we provide. So this plug-in is all. Open source. The open reception relay is open source. The open reception relay is. Open source. The open reception relay is open source. So anyone can just spin open source. So anyone can just spin. Open source. So anyone can just spin up their own instance and manage their up their own instance and manage their. Up their own instance and manage their own channel accounts. But we will be own channel accounts. But we will be. Own channel accounts. But we will be offering this as a service and man offering this as a service and man. Offering this as a service and man managing it all for you as well. So managing it all for you as well. So. Managing it all for you as well. So it's quite simple. set up the client it's quite simple. set up the client. It's quite simple. set up the client and to submit a transaction you in this and to submit a transaction you in this. And to submit a transaction you in this case we're submitting a sorbent case we're submitting a sorbent. Case we're submitting a sorbent transaction so you just provide the the transaction so you just provide the the. Transaction so you just provide the the function XDR and the attached XDR and an function XDR and the attached XDR and an. Function XDR and the attached XDR and an example of the response would be like so. Example of the response would be like so example of the response would be like so. So this is the transaction ID for the so this is the transaction ID for the so this is the transaction ID for the. Relayer and the hash for the relayer and the hash for the relayer and the hash for the. Transaction itself transaction itself transaction itself so in the case of someone who is running. So in the case of someone who is running so in the case of someone who is running. A self-hosted version they would want to a self-hosted version they would want to. A self-hosted version they would want to manage the channel accounts. So there. Manage the channel accounts. So there manage the channel accounts. So there. Is some methods in the SDK that will is some methods in the SDK that will is some methods in the SDK that will. Allow you to list what channel accounts allow you to list what channel accounts allow you to list what channel accounts. Are available on the service and also are available on the service and also are available on the service and also. Add new ones. So if you needed to add new ones. So if you needed to add new ones. So if you needed to. Increase the throughput you could you increase the throughput you could you increase the throughput you could you. Could add more channel accounts or if could add more channel accounts or if could add more channel accounts or if. There's some issue you can remove there's some issue you can remove there's some issue you can remove. Some etc. so yeah in a nutshell all some etc. so yeah in a nutshell all some etc. so yeah in a nutshell all. Of these things have come together and of these things have come together and of these things have come together and. we're offering a Stellar relays we're offering a Stellar relays we're offering a Stellar relays. Managed service. So this would include managed service. So this would include managed service. So this would include. The the relayer service itself and the the the relayer service itself and the the the relayer service itself and the. Channel accounts plugin the SDK but also channel accounts plugin the SDK but also. Channel accounts plugin the SDK but also the cloud infrastructure. So just a the cloud infrastructure. So just a. the cloud infrastructure. So just a bit of a like a peak into what it bit of a like a peak into what it. Bit of a like a peak into what it takes to to run this on the cloud. So we takes to to run this on the cloud. So we. Takes to to run this on the cloud. So we are are are we are using AWS Fargate for managing. We are using AWS Fargate for managing we are using AWS Fargate for managing diff v a v various number of tasks. Diff v a v various number of tasks diff v a v various number of tasks running the relayer service and a. Running the relayer service and a running the relayer service and a shared reddus instance. So we have the. Shared reddus instance. So we have the shared reddus instance. So we have the same pool of channel accounts across. Same pool of channel accounts across same pool of channel accounts across tasks. and the client's SDK goes up. Tasks. and the client's SDK goes up tasks. and the client's SDK goes up through the the Cloudflare proxy sends. Through the the Cloudflare proxy sends through the the Cloudflare proxy sends it down to the load balance balancer. It down to the load balance balancer it down to the load balance balancer which then distributes it to to. Which then distributes it to to which then distributes it to to whichever task is free. so yeah. Whichever task is free. so yeah whichever task is free. so yeah that's pretty much the overview and I. That's pretty much the overview and I that's pretty much the overview and I can just give you a quick demo right. Can just give you a quick demo right can just give you a quick demo right now. But first,. Now. But first, now. But first, yes. So like this is just a demo script yes. So like this is just a demo script. Yes. So like this is just a demo script as we've already seen how you would as we've already seen how you would. As we've already seen how you would instantiate the client and I have a instantiate the client and I have a. Instantiate the client and I have a little helper function here for building little helper function here for building. Little helper function here for building a sorbent transaction and here we pass a sorbent transaction and here we pass. A sorbent transaction and here we pass the function in a to the client itself. The function in a to the client itself. The function in a to the client itself. So So So just want to point out first though that just want to point out first though that. Just want to point out first though that in order to use the service you need to in order to use the service you need to. In order to use the service you need to get a API key. So you can just call get a API key. So you can just call . Get a API key. So you can just call the domain channels.open.com/gen the domain channels.open.com/gen. The domain channels.open.com/gen to get an API key. To get an API key. To get an API key. And for the sake of this And for the sake of this And for the sake of this demo, I'm just going to. Demo, I'm just going to demo, I'm just going to add the API key here add the API key here. Add the API key here and call the demo script. And call the demo script. And call the demo script. So this is going through the staging So this is going through the staging So this is going through the staging. Environment that we have for the managed environment that we have for the managed. Environment that we have for the managed service right now. Okay. So the transaction is confirmed. Okay. So the transaction is confirmed. just to just to just to double check that double check that double check that. Yeah transaction was successful. And yeah transaction was successful. And yeah transaction was successful. And. Just to demonstrate the the parallel just to demonstrate the the parallel just to demonstrate the the parallel. Processing of this I also have a processing of this I also have a processing of this I also have a. Parallel demo. So, this is sending 10 transactions So, this is sending 10 transactions at the same time with the exact same. At the same time with the exact same at the same time with the exact same account that I sent the the demo. Account that I sent the the demo account that I sent the the demo transaction with previously. It's just. Transaction with previously. It's just transaction with previously. It's just one account. And yeah, that's pretty. One account. And yeah, that's pretty one account. And yeah, that's pretty much it. Any questions, let me know. Much it. Any questions, let me know. Much it. Any questions, let me know.  Great. So, I'm I'm a little bit curious  Great. So, I'm I'm a little bit curious.  Great. So, I'm I'm a little bit curious about the the managed service . About the the managed service about the the managed service because it seems like of course. Because it seems like of course because it seems like of course depending on your use case that . Depending on your use case that depending on your use case that especially for maybe testing it out, it. Especially for maybe testing it out, it especially for maybe testing it out, it it it seems like a lot more convenient. It it seems like a lot more convenient it it seems like a lot more convenient to just try it out with the with the. To just try it out with the with the to just try it out with the with the managed service. How how does that work? Managed service. How how does that work? Managed service. How how does that work? How do I get set up with that? How do I get set up with that? How do I get set up with that? So we are finalizing the the So we are finalizing the the So we are finalizing the the. Documentation and the the SDK documentation and the the SDK documentation and the the SDK. today. So once we have today. So once we have today. So once we have all of that documentation published on. All of that documentation published on all of that documentation published on our site the your community will be. Our site the your community will be our site the your community will be able to access it and it's a pretty. Able to access it and it's a pretty able to access it and it's a pretty straightforward. Straightforward straightforward setup like as as you seen with the setup like as as you seen with the. setup like as as you seen with the demo. [snorts] demo. [snorts] demo. [snorts].  yeah.  yeah.  yeah.  Okay. Great. And and if I want to run  Okay. Great. And and if I want to run.  Okay. Great. And and if I want to run this on it is open sourced. I see that I. This on it is open sourced. I see that I this on it is open sourced. I see that I. I can run it on my own I can run it on my own I can run it on my own  environment. what do I need? I saw.  environment. what do I need? I saw  environment. what do I need? I saw. You mentioned the Reddus Reddus you mentioned the Reddus Reddus you mentioned the Reddus Reddus. Database. Is there anything else I need database. Is there anything else I need database. Is there anything else I need. To to set up to to run it? To to set up to to run it? To to set up to to run it?  Yeah, it's a good question. So we in the  Yeah, it's a good question. So we in the.  Yeah, it's a good question. So we in the documentation we actually have all of. Documentation we actually have all of documentation we actually have all of this listed out and we provided in. This listed out and we provided in this listed out and we provided in the OpenZeppelin repo OpenZeppelin. The OpenZeppelin repo OpenZeppelin the OpenZeppelin repo OpenZeppelin relay repo an example configuration . Relay repo an example configuration relay repo an example configuration using docker. So all with what someone. Using docker. So all with what someone using docker. So all with what someone would need to do is go into. Would need to do is go into would need to do is go into the repo and run that docker config and. The repo and run that docker config and the repo and run that docker config and it would spin up the service with the. It would spin up the service with the it would spin up the service with the channels plugin already installed and. Channels plugin already installed and channels plugin already installed and everything's ready to go like all you. Everything's ready to go like all you everything's ready to go like all you need to do is start sending requests to. Need to do is start sending requests to need to do is start sending requests to it. but the OpenZeppelin. It. but the OpenZeppelin it. but the OpenZeppelin real air like reddus is required of. Real air like reddus is required of real air like reddus is required of course you need the real air installed. Course you need the real air installed course you need the real air installed and all the all the various other. And all the all the various other and all the all the various other dependencies but there are some. Dependencies but there are some dependencies but there are some example configs that get you up and. Example configs that get you up and example configs that get you up and running pretty quickly. Running pretty quickly. Running pretty quickly.  Okay, great. Sounds pretty easy though.  Okay, great. Sounds pretty easy though.  Okay, great. Sounds pretty easy though. what are the the use cases where who what are the the use cases where who what are the the use cases where who. Do you think are going to use this the do you think are going to use this the do you think are going to use this the. Most? any specific DAP types or any most? any specific DAP types or any most? any specific DAP types or any. Any use cases that you have in mind that any use cases that you have in mind that. Any use cases that you have in mind that you think will adopt this? You think will adopt this? You think will adopt this?  Yeah, look, I think it's it's super good  Yeah, look, I think it's it's super good.  Yeah, look, I think it's it's super good for someone who needs high throughput. For someone who needs high throughput for someone who needs high throughput transaction processing. and also the. Transaction processing. and also the transaction processing. and also the ga the gasless aspect of it is super. Ga the gasless aspect of it is super ga the gasless aspect of it is super convenient as well. So users don't have. Convenient as well. So users don't have convenient as well. So users don't have to worry about gas, they don't have to. To worry about gas, they don't have to to worry about gas, they don't have to worry about sequence numbers. , so you. Worry about sequence numbers. , so you worry about sequence numbers. , so you. Can see can see can see apps like games or various other apps like games or various other. Apps like games or various other services that might want to use it. But services that might want to use it. But. Services that might want to use it. But even you someone who wants to self-host even you someone who wants to self-host. Even you someone who wants to self-host this themselves, the the it's open this themselves, the the it's open. This themselves, the the it's open source. So you can extend this any way source. So you can extend this any way. Source. So you can extend this any way you want like the core the core you want like the core the core . You want like the core the core primitives are there which is primitives are there which is. Primitives are there which is gaslessness high throughput like gaslessness high throughput like. Gaslessness high throughput like sequence number management etc. And you sequence number management etc. And you. Sequence number management etc. And you can build on top of that like whatever can build on top of that like whatever. Can build on top of that like whatever you need. You need. You need.  Great. Do you have any I know you  Great. Do you have any I know you.  Great. Do you have any I know you you you mentioned that the the you you mentioned that the the. You you mentioned that the the documentation and everything for the the documentation and everything for the the. Documentation and everything for the the managed service is going to to be managed service is going to to be. Managed service is going to to be available very soon, but do you have any available very soon, but do you have any. Available very soon, but do you have any examples of how to use it? I know you examples of how to use it? I know you. Examples of how to use it? I know you showed one, but do you have like a showed one, but do you have like a. Showed one, but do you have like a GitHub repo or an example library? GitHub repo or an example library? GitHub repo or an example library? So, So, So, we have a plug-in repo up right now. we have a plug-in repo up right now. . We have a plug-in repo up right now. just one second. So there are some examples in this repo. So there are some examples in this repo. I'm just going to share it in where I'm just going to share it in where I'm just going to share it in where. Should I share it? Should I share it? Should I share it?  can you share it in the post it as  can you share it in the post it as.  can you share it in the post it as a comment? A comment? A comment?  Okay. Comments.  Okay. Comments.  Okay. Comments. I shared it in the private chat because I shared it in the private chat because I shared it in the private chat because. I don't think I'm logged in. I don't think I'm logged in. I don't think I'm logged in.  I'll just I'll just copy it over.  I'll just I'll just copy it over.  I'll just I'll just copy it over. So yeah, there's a pretty extensive So yeah, there's a pretty extensive So yeah, there's a pretty extensive. Overview of in the readme of this overview of in the readme of this overview of in the readme of this . Repo of how the plug-in system works for repo of how the plug-in system works for. Repo of how the plug-in system works for the channels the channel account. And. the channels the channel account. And the channels the channel account. And. Once once once once the service is live in production once the service is live in production. Once the service is live in production like it's it's only a case of being of like it's it's only a case of being of. Like it's it's only a case of being of substituting your local relay local substituting your local relay local. Substituting your local relay local host with the the production URL and host with the the production URL and. Host with the the production URL and also I'm just going to share the also I'm just going to share the. Also I'm just going to share the examples from the relay repo as well and examples from the relay repo as well and. Examples from the relay repo as well and that should give that should give that should give. Honestly with just these two things you honestly with just these two things you honestly with just these two things you. Can get up and running locally pretty can get up and running locally pretty. Can get up and running locally pretty quickly. Quickly. Quickly.  Okay, great.  Okay, great.  Okay, great. , and this is the example in the relay , and this is the example in the relay. , and this is the example in the relay repo. And there's also a read me in repo. And there's also a read me in. Repo. And there's also a read me in that as well, which that as well, which that as well, which. Is is is extensive and it should get people up extensive and it should get people up. Extensive and it should get people up and running. And running. And running.  Yeah, I have I have actually gone  Yeah, I have I have actually gone.  Yeah, I have I have actually gone through the the read me and and taking a. Through the the read me and and taking a through the the read me and and taking a. Look at it and it does look it looks look at it and it does look it looks look at it and it does look it looks. Like the it's very detailed. , so I like the it's very detailed. , so I like the it's very detailed. , so I. Just haven't I haven't tried to set it just haven't I haven't tried to set it just haven't I haven't tried to set it. Up myself yet. Up myself yet. Up myself yet.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Looking looking forward to that.  Looking looking forward to that.  Looking looking forward to that.  Yeah. Well, let me know if you have any  Yeah. Well, let me know if you have any.  Yeah. Well, let me know if you have any feedback. , feedback. , feedback. ,. I hope that it's it's simple even I hope that it's it's simple even I hope that it's it's simple even. Though I think it is. Though I think it is. Though I think it is.  Yeah. Any any questions from anyone  Yeah. Any any questions from anyone.  Yeah. Any any questions from anyone watching then feel free to to post it. Watching then feel free to to post it watching then feel free to to post it. In the comments. In the comments. In the comments. Carson, I just posted the Carson, I just posted the Carson, I just posted the. Documentation which should be documentation which should be documentation which should be. Available on docs.openszprint.com. Available on docs.openszprint.com. Available on docs.openszprint.com. So, I just sent the link. So, I just sent the link. So, I just sent the link.  Yeah, I posted it.  Yeah, I posted it.  Yeah, I posted it.  Thanks.  Thanks.  Thanks.  Great. Well, if there's no comments or  Great. Well, if there's no comments or.  Great. Well, if there's no comments or any questions from Let me just check one. Any questions from Let me just check one any questions from Let me just check one. More time. Doesn't seem to be the case. But it was doesn't seem to be the case. But it was great to to get to get a little bit. Great to to get to get a little bit great to to get to get a little bit more information about the the relayer. More information about the the relayer more information about the the relayer and to see an example of how to use it. And to see an example of how to use it. And to see an example of how to use it. I think it's it's a super helpful tool I think it's it's a super helpful tool I think it's it's a super helpful tool. And and I think for now I think I and and I think for now I think I and and I think for now I think I. Will I will try using the manage version will I will try using the manage version. Will I will try using the manage version first u when it goes live. It seems like. First u when it goes live. It seems like first u when it goes live. It seems like. An easy way for me to test out the the an easy way for me to test out the the an easy way for me to test out the the. The tool. I don't necessarily need to the tool. I don't necessarily need to the tool. I don't necessarily need to. To spin up my own infrastructure for to spin up my own infrastructure for to spin up my own infrastructure for. This. so I'll look forward to have an this. so I'll look forward to have an. This. so I'll look forward to have an opportunity to play with it. And opportunity to play with it. And . Opportunity to play with it. And thank you everyone for for watching and thank you everyone for for watching and. Thank you everyone for for watching and thank you all three of you for for thank you all three of you for for. Thank you all three of you for for joining today. And please go check out joining today. And please go check out. Joining today. And please go check out the links take a look look at it and the links take a look look at it and. The links take a look look at it and yeah, thank you all for joining. yeah, thank you all for joining. yeah, thank you all for joining. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.  Okay. Thank you.  Okay. Thank you.  Okay. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
