My name is Lisa Nestor and I work on our my name is Lisa Nestor and I work on our. Ecosystem strategy team at the Stellar ecosystem strategy team at the Stellar ecosystem strategy team at the Stellar. Development Foundation and I will be Development Foundation and I will be Development Foundation and I will be. Providing moderation support during our providing moderation support during our providing moderation support during our. Discussions today so the the topic on discussions today so the the topic on discussions today so the the topic on. The table for this virtual round table the table for this virtual round table the table for this virtual round table. Is a direct send proposal this is a is a direct send proposal this is a is a direct send proposal this is a. Discussion continued from exactly two discussion continued from exactly two discussion continued from exactly two. Weeks ago on April 16th and we will be weeks ago on April 16th and we will be weeks ago on April 16th and we will be. Talking through and finalizing the the talking through and finalizing the the talking through and finalizing the the. Direct send proposal first however I'd direct send proposal first however I'd direct send proposal first however I'd. Love to give just a little bit of love to give just a little bit of love to give just a little bit of. Background on what a SEP is this is a background on what a SEP is this is a background on what a SEP is this is a. Stellar native term and so SEP stands Stellar native term and so SEP stands Stellar native term and so SEP stands. For Stellar ecosystem proposal so steps for Stellar ecosystem proposal so steps for Stellar ecosystem proposal so steps. Are publicly created open source are publicly created open source are publicly created open source. Documents that live in a github documents that live in a github documents that live in a github. Repository and they facilitate the repository and they facilitate the repository and they facilitate the. Creation and eventual adoption of creation and eventual adoption of creation and eventual adoption of. Technical standards within the Stellar technical standards within the Stellar technical standards within the Stellar. Ecosystem so steps are really a dynamic ecosystem so steps are really a dynamic ecosystem so steps are really a dynamic. Way of introducing standards and way of introducing standards and way of introducing standards and. Protocols utilized in the ecosystem protocols utilized in the ecosystem protocols utilized in the ecosystem. Built on top of the Stellar network and built on top of the Stellar network and built on top of the Stellar network and. In particular as new use cases evolve in particular as new use cases evolve in particular as new use cases evolve. Throughout the Stellar ecosystem new throughout the Stellar ecosystem new throughout the Stellar ecosystem new. Steps help to formalize those use cases steps help to formalize those use cases steps help to formalize those use cases. And make them increasingly easy to and make them increasingly easy to and make them increasingly easy to. Implement and streamline between various implement and streamline between various. Implement and streamline between various participants so specifically today we're. Participants so specifically today we're participants so specifically today we're. Going to be talking about the direct going to be talking about the direct going to be talking about the direct. Send sep people are also referring this send sep people are also referring this send sep people are also referring this. Referring to this as a send receive set referring to this as a send receive set referring to this as a send receive set. And the purpose of this set is really to and the purpose of this set is really to. And the purpose of this set is really to enable Fiat de Fiat payments that would enable Fiat de Fiat payments that would. Enable Fiat de Fiat payments that would be facilitated between two anchors we be facilitated between two anchors we. Be facilitated between two anchors we also think of this as being a set to also think of this as being a set to. Also think of this as being a set to support more traditional style support more traditional style. Support more traditional style cross-border payments in which a sender cross-border payments in which a sender. Cross-border payments in which a sender execute the transaction to receiver and execute the transaction to receiver and. Execute the transaction to receiver and a foreign destination and really wants a foreign destination and really wants. A foreign destination and really wants that receiver to just have funds arrive that receiver to just have funds arrive. That receiver to just have funds arrive in their bank account they don't really in their bank account they don't really. In their bank account they don't really want to interact with a wallet or a want to interact with a wallet or a. Want to interact with a wallet or a digital asset themselves so like a digital asset themselves so like a. Digital asset themselves so like a remittance or a business payment the remittance or a business payment the. Remittance or a business payment the transaction is executed and the receiver transaction is executed and the receiver. Transaction is executed and the receiver can just can just can just the funds to date there have been some. The funds to date there have been some the funds to date there have been some initial decisions made around this up. Initial decisions made around this up initial decisions made around this up and we've linked to the the specific. And we've linked to the the specific and we've linked to the the specific github pull requests there and so to. Github pull requests there and so to github pull requests there and so to move forward let me quickly introduce. Move forward let me quickly introduce move forward let me quickly introduce our participants today we have four. Our participants today we have four our participants today we have four different companies from the Stellar. Different companies from the Stellar different companies from the Stellar ecosystem representatives from each of. Ecosystem representatives from each of ecosystem representatives from each of these companies that will be joining us. These companies that will be joining us these companies that will be joining us so we have Anthony from tempo we have. So we have Anthony from tempo we have so we have Anthony from tempo we have Andy from Satoshi pay blue bemy from. Andy from Satoshi pay blue bemy from Andy from Satoshi pay blue bemy from Kaori claudio from inclusive and Michael. Kaori claudio from inclusive and Michael Kaori claudio from inclusive and Michael. From SDF so thank you all so much for from SDF so thank you all so much for from SDF so thank you all so much for. Joining us and being patient this joining us and being patient this joining us and being patient this. Morning and so finally this is what morning and so finally this is what morning and so finally this is what. Today's agenda will be we are going to today's agenda will be we are going to today's agenda will be we are going to. Work hard to talk through each of these work hard to talk through each of these work hard to talk through each of these. Line items so if you're in the stream line items so if you're in the stream line items so if you're in the stream. Feel free to kind of follow along with feel free to kind of follow along with feel free to kind of follow along with. Us and with that I will hand it over to us and with that I will hand it over to us and with that I will hand it over to. Michael from SDF to help kick things off Michael from SDF to help kick things off. Michael from SDF to help kick things off thanks thanks Lisa okay so really thanks thanks Lisa okay so really. Thanks thanks Lisa okay so really quickly can't go back to the agenda yes quickly can't go back to the agenda yes. Quickly can't go back to the agenda yes so last week we talked a lot about the so last week we talked a lot about the. So last week we talked a lot about the happy path for this proposal I think we happy path for this proposal I think we. Happy path for this proposal I think we got it to a really good place we had got it to a really good place we had. Got it to a really good place we had some updates from from the conversation some updates from from the conversation. Some updates from from the conversation and I think that we're pretty happy with and I think that we're pretty happy with. And I think that we're pretty happy with where it is for the happy path where where it is for the happy path where. Where it is for the happy path where it's simply two anchors that have you it's simply two anchors that have you. It's simply two anchors that have you know good financial partnerships or our know good financial partnerships or our. Know good financial partnerships or our financial institutions themselves and financial institutions themselves and. Financial institutions themselves and then what we're going to talk about then what we're going to talk about. Then what we're going to talk about today are some additions that might be today are some additions that might be. Today are some additions that might be become a part of the set or might become become a part of the set or might become. Become a part of the set or might become a part of an additional set then make it. A part of an additional set then make it a part of an additional set then make it. Possible for a lot more parties to possible for a lot more parties to possible for a lot more parties to. Participate in this this network of Fiat participate in this this network of Fiat. Participate in this this network of Fiat to Fiat rails so the the first thing I'm. To Fiat rails so the the first thing I'm to Fiat rails so the the first thing I'm. Talking about is a well is a talking about is a well is a talking about is a well is a. Multilateral kyc then if inclusive is multilateral kyc then if inclusive is multilateral kyc then if inclusive is. Going to give us a an update about what going to give us a an update about what going to give us a an update about what. That is and I think the general idea that is and I think the general idea that is and I think the general idea. Here is it makes a much easier way for here is it makes a much easier way for here is it makes a much easier way for. Multiple parties to share kyc data so multiple parties to share kyc data so multiple parties to share kyc data so. Everybody doesn't have to duplicate everybody doesn't have to duplicate everybody doesn't have to duplicate. Efforts and people who efforts and people who efforts and people who might not be able to get involved. Might not be able to get involved might not be able to get involved previously can through this through this. Previously can through this through this previously can through this through this. Process and then we're going to talk process and then we're going to talk process and then we're going to talk. About how non-custodial applications so about how non-custodial applications so about how non-custodial applications so. Noncustodial wallets can start to noncustodial wallets can start to noncustodial wallets can start to. Execute these directs and transactions execute these directs and transactions execute these directs and transactions. So I'm going to pass it over to clutter so I'm going to pass it over to clutter so I'm going to pass it over to clutter. You apologize if I pronounced that you apologize if I pronounced that you apologize if I pronounced that. Incorrectly no that's fine that's fine incorrectly no that's fine that's fine incorrectly no that's fine that's fine. Thank you thank you thank you you're closer than this at them from us you're closer than this at them from us. You're closer than this at them from us - so what we are doing at the Cruces and - so what we are doing at the Cruces and. - so what we are doing at the Cruces and what we are trying to achieve with what we are trying to achieve with. What we are trying to achieve with multilateral kyc and what's let's say multilateral kyc and what's let's say. Multilateral kyc and what's let's say our role in the interstellar network so our role in the interstellar network so. Our role in the interstellar network so maybe you want to see if they're maybe you want to see if they're. Maybe you want to see if they're focusing on compliance checks KY c KY b focusing on compliance checks KY c KY b. Focusing on compliance checks KY c KY b and c DD continuous due diligence and c DD continuous due diligence. And c DD continuous due diligence monitoring and reporting but multiple k monitoring and reporting but multiple k. Monitoring and reporting but multiple k was motivated kyc as a little bit of was motivated kyc as a little bit of. Was motivated kyc as a little bit of background and maybe already touched in background and maybe already touched in. Background and maybe already touched in the last discussion like each anchor for the last discussion like each anchor for. The last discussion like each anchor for each payment right has to do a kyc on each payment right has to do a kyc on. Each payment right has to do a kyc on the sender the said if we are talking the sender the said if we are talking. The sender the said if we are talking from bank or anchor set which is on the from bank or anchor set which is on the. From bank or anchor set which is on the agenda and also the receiving anchor agenda and also the receiving anchor. Agenda and also the receiving anchor from the regulatory point of view also from the regulatory point of view also. From the regulatory point of view also needs to put a YC on the on the sender needs to put a YC on the on the sender. Needs to put a YC on the on the sender right and the center and cross on the on right and the center and cross on the on. Right and the center and cross on the on the receiver so can we see multilateral the receiver so can we see multilateral. The receiver so can we see multilateral also how we are calling its EDD connect also how we are calling its EDD connect. Also how we are calling its EDD connect basically we will enable through our basically we will enable through our. Basically we will enable through our guess product which is also late guy guess product which is also late guy. Guess product which is also late guy based to share this information in based to share this information in. Based to share this information in medicine formation are referring to the medicine formation are referring to the. Medicine formation are referring to the KYC data without any personal KYC data without any personal. KYC data without any personal information attached to it right so as information attached to it right so as. Information attached to it right so as an example for example let's say one an example for example let's say one. An example for example let's say one anchor from Europe wants to do payment anchor from Europe wants to do payment. Anchor from Europe wants to do payment to an anchor from Nigeria for example to an anchor from Nigeria for example. To an anchor from Nigeria for example right and the anchor from Europe already right and the anchor from Europe already. Right and the anchor from Europe already onboard it let's say the sender using onboard it let's say the sender using. Onboard it let's say the sender using our chests api's and then also Canada our chests api's and then also Canada. Our chests api's and then also Canada from diner from Nigeria he's using our from diner from Nigeria he's using our. From diner from Nigeria he's using our our cassock that's right our cassock that's right. Our cassock that's right so when the anchor from Nigeria will do so when the anchor from Nigeria will do. So when the anchor from Nigeria will do the center kyc basically we are not the center kyc basically we are not. The center kyc basically we are not performing another KFC check basically performing another KFC check basically. Performing another KFC check basically we are just sharing the existing data we are just sharing the existing data. We are just sharing the existing data and let's say report and history of the and let's say report and history of the. And let's say report and history of the center which was already made for the center which was already made for the. Center which was already made for the anchor from Europe right so basically anchor from Europe right so basically. Anchor from Europe right so basically this is Casey Casey connect OCD connect this is Casey Casey connect OCD connect. This is Casey Casey connect OCD connect right and what this brings it to the right and what this brings it to the. Right and what this brings it to the table it brings I think cost deductions table it brings I think cost deductions. Table it brings I think cost deductions right because it reduce costs it also right because it reduce costs it also. Right because it reduce costs it also makes the process more efficient right makes the process more efficient right. Makes the process more efficient right because but just by enabling sharing because but just by enabling sharing. Because but just by enabling sharing data also this process is almost instant data also this process is almost instant. Data also this process is almost instant like it doesn't involve the basic LSE like it doesn't involve the basic LSE. Like it doesn't involve the basic LSE check Nativity church doesn't involve check Nativity church doesn't involve. Check Nativity church doesn't involve too much manual interaction but of too much manual interaction but of. Too much manual interaction but of course it can be extended with checks course it can be extended with checks. Course it can be extended with checks which will involve some let's say which will involve some let's say. Which will involve some let's say offline processing in case of you know offline processing in case of you know. Offline processing in case of you know you want to do extra due diligence on a you want to do extra due diligence on a. You want to do extra due diligence on a certain entity or individual also this certain entity or individual also this. Certain entity or individual also this is multilateral AIC is not let's say is multilateral AIC is not let's say. Is multilateral AIC is not let's say enforcing an anchor to just you know do enforcing an anchor to just you know do. Enforcing an anchor to just you know do kyc in a single way basically it just kyc in a single way basically it just. Kyc in a single way basically it just you just try to provide the framework you just try to provide the framework. You just try to provide the framework but each anchor can have its own but each anchor can have its own. But each anchor can have its own particularities for example to extend particularities for example to extend. Particularities for example to extend kyc its own services or whatever you kyc its own services or whatever you. Kyc its own services or whatever you know third-party tools they are using know third-party tools they are using. Know third-party tools they are using right what else right what else right what else. So we already starting discussion I so we already starting discussion I so we already starting discussion I. Think our CEO is in contact with most of think our CEO is in contact with most of. Think our CEO is in contact with most of the bankers which are present right now the bankers which are present right now. The bankers which are present right now in the call to to agree upon let's say in the call to to agree upon let's say. In the call to to agree upon let's say requirements and use cases which all of requirements and use cases which all of. Requirements and use cases which all of us try to fulfill on the Stellar Network so yeah and we are more than welcome. So yeah and we are more than welcome everybody else wants to join this is everybody else wants to join this is. Everybody else wants to join this is huge initiative huge initiative huge initiative. Okay this exciting two reasons I think okay this exciting two reasons I think okay this exciting two reasons I think. What this gives us at least a sorry what this gives us at least a sorry what this gives us at least a sorry. About seasoning about seasoning about seasoning okay so this excites me for two reasons. Okay so this excites me for two reasons okay so this excites me for two reasons one is what you said you mention it as. One is what you said you mention it as one is what you said you mention it as cost savings and I think it's more than. Cost savings and I think it's more than cost savings and I think it's more than that I think it enables you know the. That I think it enables you know the that I think it enables you know the cost savings come from right now every. Cost savings come from right now every cost savings come from right now every anchor kind of has to be a specialist in. Anchor kind of has to be a specialist in anchor kind of has to be a specialist in. The KYC the KYC the KYC of every region which is obviously a of every region which is obviously a. Of every region which is obviously a huge cost and also just it's not going huge cost and also just it's not going. Huge cost and also just it's not going to happen so this kind of says you know to happen so this kind of says you know. To happen so this kind of says you know this one company's going to focus on kyc this one company's going to focus on kyc. This one company's going to focus on kyc in different regions and now everybody in different regions and now everybody. In different regions and now everybody else doesn't have to so that's a cost else doesn't have to so that's a cost. Else doesn't have to so that's a cost savings and it allows you know no no savings and it allows you know no no. Savings and it allows you know no no company is going to be able to have a company is going to be able to have a. Company is going to be able to have a team large enough to really work all team large enough to really work all. Team large enough to really work all over the world and the second thing that over the world and the second thing that. Over the world and the second thing that it does and correct me if I'm wrong here. It does and correct me if I'm wrong here it does and correct me if I'm wrong here. This is this kind of goes to the the this is this kind of goes to the the this is this kind of goes to the the. Last point in that subsection was it last point in that subsection was it last point in that subsection was it. Enables people who may not be able to do enables people who may not be able to do. Enables people who may not be able to do actual kyc people who are not financial actual kyc people who are not financial. Actual kyc people who are not financial institutions such as Satoshi bei this institutions such as Satoshi bei this. Institutions such as Satoshi bei this will allow them to kind of offload the will allow them to kind of offload the. Will allow them to kind of offload the KYC process on to conclusive so when KYC process on to conclusive so when. KYC process on to conclusive so when they start a process they can get kyc they start a process they can get kyc. They start a process they can get kyc done through a regulated institution done through a regulated institution. Done through a regulated institution like inclusive and all the other parties like inclusive and all the other parties. Like inclusive and all the other parties in this multilateral agreement can in this multilateral agreement can. In this multilateral agreement can accept it and that will that will accept it and that will that will. Accept it and that will that will regulatorily allow a Satoshi paid to regulatorily allow a Satoshi paid to. Regulatorily allow a Satoshi paid to start creating these transactions so we start creating these transactions so we. Start creating these transactions so we you know there's two things blocking you know there's two things blocking. You know there's two things blocking them one is the technical way does it them one is the technical way does it. Them one is the technical way does it fit into the second one is the fit into the second one is the. Fit into the second one is the regulatory way will other parties accept regulatory way will other parties accept. Regulatory way will other parties accept payments that originated from a payments that originated from a. Payments that originated from a noncustodial wallet so am I correct in noncustodial wallet so am I correct in. Noncustodial wallet so am I correct in saying that this this will solve those saying that this this will solve those. Saying that this this will solve those two problems yes you're right you're two problems yes you're right you're. Two problems yes you're right you're right we provide everything everything right we provide everything everything. Right we provide everything everything you said and that's room so basically you said and that's room so basically. You said and that's room so basically that's that's our mission you know to that's that's our mission you know to. That's that's our mission you know to provide easy access to to compliance provide easy access to to compliance. Provide easy access to to compliance services and also you know to banking services and also you know to banking. Services and also you know to banking integrations and then yes also from outside that. And then yes also from outside that sounds like that's what we're aiming for sounds like that's what we're aiming for. Sounds like that's what we're aiming for cool to hear from the anchors does that cool to hear from the anchors does that. Cool to hear from the anchors does that make sense make sense make sense from your perspective I'm just kind of. From your perspective I'm just kind of from your perspective I'm just kind of given how you typically handle your. Given how you typically handle your given how you typically handle your responsibilities anchors to myself how. Responsibilities anchors to myself how responsibilities anchors to myself how much access we have two simple kyc. Much access we have two simple kyc much access we have two simple kyc processor and then as long as we have. Processor and then as long as we have processor and then as long as we have you know like access to the data and so. You know like access to the data and so you know like access to the data and so on and so forth we could probably still. On and so forth we could probably still on and so forth we could probably still meet the regulatory requirements saying. Meet the regulatory requirements saying meet the regulatory requirements saying that yes we did do this kyc we didn't. That yes we did do this kyc we didn't that yes we did do this kyc we didn't have access to the KYC data and when you. Have access to the KYC data and when you have access to the KYC data and when you. Do your own processing like you just do your own processing like you just do your own processing like you just. Said this is only in your own home said this is only in your own home said this is only in your own home. Country right so you still don't need to country right so you still don't need to. Country right so you still don't need to specialize in kic for other countries specialize in kic for other countries. Specialize in kic for other countries just yourself yes perhaps to meet the just yourself yes perhaps to meet the. Just yourself yes perhaps to meet the referee requirement in Honduras diction referee requirement in Honduras diction. Referee requirement in Honduras diction reckon each of us in country specific reckon each of us in country specific. Reckon each of us in country specific and in this multilateral agreement is and in this multilateral agreement is. And in this multilateral agreement is that something that's allowed we're a that something that's allowed we're a. That something that's allowed we're a receiving acre can pull the data down or receiving acre can pull the data down or. Receiving acre can pull the data down or is it obfuscated behind a token to have is it obfuscated behind a token to have. Is it obfuscated behind a token to have the actual data to meet arranged to meet the actual data to meet arranged to meet. The actual data to meet arranged to meet the regulatory requirement so it can't the regulatory requirement so it can't. The regulatory requirement so it can't be obfuscated we have to have access to be obfuscated we have to have access to. Be obfuscated we have to have access to my data and insert the situation my data and insert the situation. My data and insert the situation required to share that data with required to share that data with. Required to share that data with directly interests of for example if directly interests of for example if. Directly interests of for example if there's a little vest there's a little vest there's a little vest. Or something like that they would need or something like that they would need or something like that they would need. To see the actual basis so bright we to see the actual basis so bright we to see the actual basis so bright we. Confiscated we means actually access it confiscated we means actually access it confiscated we means actually access it. In the current situation where we in the current situation where we in the current situation where we. Process it ourselves moving we you know process it ourselves moving we you know process it ourselves moving we you know. We would actually process and store my we would actually process and store my we would actually process and store my. Data so it wouldn't be a office cater to data so it wouldn't be a office cater to. Data so it wouldn't be a office cater to sighs my regulate so cardio is that sighs my regulate so cardio is that. Sighs my regulate so cardio is that something that's possible with your something that's possible with your. Something that's possible with your scheme yeah so basically just to make scheme yeah so basically just to make. Scheme yeah so basically just to make things a little bit clearer you like you things a little bit clearer you like you. Things a little bit clearer you like you know for example energy that you have know for example energy that you have. Know for example energy that you have the data you want to do the KYC check on the data you want to do the KYC check on. The data you want to do the KYC check on it right so what you will do you will it right so what you will do you will. It right so what you will do you will just call us and we will just see if just call us and we will just see if. Just call us and we will just see if those person were already those person were already. Those person were already kyc it right and we have a report on kyc it right and we have a report on. Kyc it right and we have a report on them and of course only if the them and of course only if the. Them and of course only if the institution like the anchors that you institution like the anchors that you. Institution like the anchors that you are participating in this one are are participating in this one are. Are participating in this one are billing to share the information about billing to share the information about. Billing to share the information about them right because each country might them right because each country might. Them right because each country might have its own degree place you know in a have its own degree place you know in a. Have its own degree place you know in a certain card any country maybe you are certain card any country maybe you are. Certain card any country maybe you are not allowed to share the KYC information not allowed to share the KYC information. Not allowed to share the KYC information even though if it's not a personal even though if it's not a personal. Even though if it's not a personal information right so basically each information right so basically each. Information right so basically each anchor will will own the personal anchor will will own the personal. Anchor will will own the personal information yes we will also have it but information yes we will also have it but. Information yes we will also have it but you will get back the the KYC data right. You will get back the the KYC data right you will get back the the KYC data right. So we will not get anything over skated so we will not get anything over skated so we will not get anything over skated. On it right okay any data that shared on it right okay any data that shared on it right okay any data that shared. From one anchor who's part of this from one anchor who's part of this from one anchor who's part of this. Multilateral agreement that data can multilateral agreement that data can multilateral agreement that data can. Then be pulled down by a receiving then be pulled down by a receiving then be pulled down by a receiving. Anchor who is also part of the anchor who is also part of the anchor who is also part of the. Agreements exactly it's a full data agreements exactly it's a full data agreements exactly it's a full data. Sharing agreement it's not like it's not sharing agreement it's not like it's not. Sharing agreement it's not like it's not like we're just saying what we trust like we're just saying what we trust. Like we're just saying what we trust that conclusive did it so we're we're that conclusive did it so we're we're. That conclusive did it so we're we're cool with everything we can actually cool with everything we can actually. Cool with everything we can actually pull whatever we need down yeah yeah pull whatever we need down yeah yeah. Pull whatever we need down yeah yeah exactly exactly exactly cool okay that that sounds it sounds. Cool okay that that sounds it sounds cool okay that that sounds it sounds like it. Like it like it solves the problem from from Kyra's end solves the problem from from Kyra's end. Solves the problem from from Kyra's end I don't know if Anthony from tempos and I don't know if Anthony from tempos and. I don't know if Anthony from tempos and does that sounds does that sound right does that sounds does that sound right. Does that sounds does that sound right to you does this sound like it'll solve to you does this sound like it'll solve. To you does this sound like it'll solve any problems from your end it could any problems from your end it could. Any problems from your end it could there's EU regulation and it's going in there's EU regulation and it's going in. There's EU regulation and it's going in place where they have to be authorized place where they have to be authorized. Place where they have to be authorized by the EU central bank as a kyc provider by the EU central bank as a kyc provider. By the EU central bank as a kyc provider so that's something where if inclusive so that's something where if inclusive. So that's something where if inclusive would have to get this authorization would have to get this authorization. Would have to get this authorization from the EU yep yep and they and it's from the EU yep yep and they and it's. From the EU yep yep and they and it's right now I don't think they've actually right now I don't think they've actually. Right now I don't think they've actually approved anybody there's a bunch of approved anybody there's a bunch of. Approved anybody there's a bunch of companies in application process but companies in application process but. Companies in application process but that's the current state in EU and then that's the current state in EU and then. That's the current state in EU and then we're also doing it in Japan and in we're also doing it in Japan and in. We're also doing it in Japan and in Japan it's a little bit more lenient Japan it's a little bit more lenient. Japan it's a little bit more lenient they don't require this sort of they don't require this sort of. They don't require this sort of artificial intelligence on me on the artificial intelligence on me on the. Artificial intelligence on me on the passport and ID or ID and we typically passport and ID or ID and we typically. Passport and ID or ID and we typically consider the EU to be kind of one of consider the EU to be kind of one of. Consider the EU to be kind of one of them the more strict jurisdictions is them the more strict jurisdictions is. Them the more strict jurisdictions is that correct that's my understanding that correct that's my understanding. That correct that's my understanding specifically Japan and Germany in specifically Japan and Germany in. Specifically Japan and Germany in Switzerland strictest okay and then Switzerland strictest okay and then. Switzerland strictest okay and then France comes right after I would say France comes right after I would say. France comes right after I would say okay cool okay cool okay cool and then I mean the nice thing about. And then I mean the nice thing about and then I mean the nice thing about that is that's inclusive bread and. That is that's inclusive bread and that is that's inclusive bread and butter is to get authorized by all these. Butter is to get authorized by all these butter is to get authorized by all these. Places so that everybody else doesn't places so that everybody else doesn't places so that everybody else doesn't. Have to so okay it sounds like to me have to so okay it sounds like to me have to so okay it sounds like to me. That scheme does solve the the that scheme does solve the the that scheme does solve the the. Regulatory issues with satoshi pay another noncustodial waltz satoshi pay another noncustodial waltz. Being able to you know get kose data being able to you know get kose data being able to you know get kose data. Into the system and to be trusted from into the system and to be trusted from into the system and to be trusted from. That end Lisa can you share a link to that end Lisa can you share a link to that end Lisa can you share a link to. That agenda could I could pull up I think the next thing that we I think the next thing that we. Talk about is the technical aspects of talk about is the technical aspects of talk about is the technical aspects of. It so I guess we can look at some more it so I guess we can look at some more it so I guess we can look at some more. These questions so the the strict we're these questions so the the strict we're these questions so the the strict we're. Asking if the strategy works for asking if the strategy works for asking if the strategy works for. Everybody it sounds like assuming that everybody it sounds like assuming that everybody it sounds like assuming that. Inclusive gets authorization from EU to inclusive gets authorization from EU to inclusive gets authorization from EU to. Provide this kind of data that this will provide this kind of data that this will. Provide this kind of data that this will actually solve a lot of these problems actually solve a lot of these problems. Actually solve a lot of these problems we asked about if there's any we asked about if there's any. We asked about if there's any geographies or scenarios where this may geographies or scenarios where this may. Geographies or scenarios where this may break down and we kind of talked about break down and we kind of talked about. Break down and we kind of talked about how you know in Europe things are how you know in Europe things are. How you know in Europe things are stricter but it doesn't it doesn't break stricter but it doesn't it doesn't break. Stricter but it doesn't it doesn't break down as long as as long as the providing. Down as long as as long as the providing down as long as as long as the providing. Company can can get authorized in that company can can get authorized in that company can can get authorized in that. Geography and then if we're looking at geography and then if we're looking at geography and then if we're looking at. Edge cases where this may not work I edge cases where this may not work I edge cases where this may not work I. Think one of the edge cases is the case think one of the edge cases is the case think one of the edge cases is the case. Where the receipt actually needs where the receipt actually needs where the receipt actually needs. Some more data so you know I'm imagining some more data so you know I'm imagining. Some more data so you know I'm imagining the situation where a sending client the situation where a sending client. The situation where a sending client comes in in a very lenient state comes in in a very lenient state. Comes in in a very lenient state provides you know some data that might provides you know some data that might. Provides you know some data that might get them access to their their get them access to their their. Get them access to their their originating countries regulations but originating countries regulations but. Originating countries regulations but once you're trying to send the summer once you're trying to send the summer. Once you're trying to send the summer and EU the case it might be that they and EU the case it might be that they. And EU the case it might be that they need more information there they're much need more information there they're much. Need more information there they're much stricter and so I'm curious how stricter and so I'm curious how. Stricter and so I'm curious how inclusive would imagine is working do we inclusive would imagine is working do we. Inclusive would imagine is working do we do we ask the receiving anchor to do we ask the receiving anchor to. Do we ask the receiving anchor to collect more data or does conclusive say collect more data or does conclusive say. Collect more data or does conclusive say okay well now that you're going to be okay well now that you're going to be. Okay well now that you're going to be you we're gonna have to collect more you we're gonna have to collect more. You we're gonna have to collect more data do we have an idea how that work yes so we had a we had a talk and. Yes so we had a we had a talk and discussion internally about these and to discussion internally about these and to. Discussion internally about these and to be honest it depends it depends on the be honest it depends it depends on the. Be honest it depends it depends on the customer right because each customer has customer right because each customer has. Customer right because each customer has as its own needs but how we want to as its own needs but how we want to. As its own needs but how we want to address it is like each customer will address it is like each customer will. Address it is like each customer will let's say like a compliance customer of let's say like a compliance customer of. Let's say like a compliance customer of ours can't define its own list of extra ours can't define its own list of extra. Ours can't define its own list of extra fields they want to collect right fields they want to collect right. Fields they want to collect right besides our core fields which we provide besides our core fields which we provide. Besides our core fields which we provide by default for doing my C's KY based on by default for doing my C's KY based on. By default for doing my C's KY based on individuals and entities right and this individuals and entities right and this. Individuals and entities right and this this is how how we are ticket to bleed this is how how we are ticket to bleed. This is how how we are ticket to bleed and of course if for example a field to and of course if for example a field to. And of course if for example a field to make sense for us also to include it by make sense for us also to include it by. Make sense for us also to include it by default in the core fields we can do default in the core fields we can do. Default in the core fields we can do this and for example I think I can give this and for example I think I can give. This and for example I think I can give an example as a result of the discussion an example as a result of the discussion. An example as a result of the discussion we had with Kaori for example they they we had with Kaori for example they they. We had with Kaori for example they they requested to have a custom field called requested to have a custom field called. Requested to have a custom field called the BGN a bank coordination number which the BGN a bank coordination number which. The BGN a bank coordination number which is specific to Nigeria and to validate is specific to Nigeria and to validate. Is specific to Nigeria and to validate this field we have to integrate a this field we have to integrate a. This field we have to integrate a specific API from from Nigeria to do specific API from from Nigeria to do. Specific API from from Nigeria to do that right and then we have an internal that right and then we have an internal. That right and then we have an internal internal discussion and what we decided internal discussion and what we decided. Internal discussion and what we decided is this is that look this is a core is this is that look this is a core. Is this is that look this is a core field for philosophy because not only field for philosophy because not only. Field for philosophy because not only covering is with all the entities or any covering is with all the entities or any. Covering is with all the entities or any rituals from Nigeria and need this kind rituals from Nigeria and need this kind. Rituals from Nigeria and need this kind of validation if you want to offer them of validation if you want to offer them. Of validation if you want to offer them the the compliance check they need right the the compliance check they need right. The the compliance check they need right in that specific country and region so in that specific country and region so. In that specific country and region so that's one saying it depends on the case that's one saying it depends on the case. That's one saying it depends on the case on the case right because if if on the case right because if if. On the case right because if if something is can be made as a core field something is can be made as a core field. Something is can be made as a core field we will include it as a core field and we will include it as a core field and. We will include it as a core field and it's enabled by all the countries so if it's enabled by all the countries so if. It's enabled by all the countries so if a customer from a certain country or a customer from a certain country or. A customer from a certain country or something region right if it's something something region right if it's something. Something region right if it's something specific let's say not to a country or specific let's say not to a country or. Specific let's say not to a country or region but to a company or entity or region but to a company or entity or. Region but to a company or entity or individual it can be addressed but to individual it can be addressed but to. Individual it can be addressed but to configuration so we we thought on this configuration so we we thought on this. Configuration so we we thought on this and at least these are these are the two and at least these are these are the two. And at least these are these are the two directions we want we want to go if it directions we want we want to go if it. Directions we want we want to go if it makes sense so when the POC is makes sense so when the POC is. Makes sense so when the POC is originally being provided when an originally being provided when an. Originally being provided when an originating anchor initially collects originating anchor initially collects. Originating anchor initially collects the data are they collecting that data the data are they collecting that data. The data are they collecting that data with the knowledge of where it's going with the knowledge of where it's going. With the knowledge of where it's going to go so that they can say you know they to go so that they can say you know they. To go so that they can say you know they can tell you hey we want to send this can tell you hey we want to send this. Can tell you hey we want to send this baby baby baby you what do we need to collect or do. You what do we need to collect or do you what do we need to collect or do they just collect the data for their own. They just collect the data for their own they just collect the data for their own. Region and send it to you and then wait region and send it to you and then wait region and send it to you and then wait. Around in the process the receiving around in the process the receiving around in the process the receiving. Anchor will then ask you for the data anchor will then ask you for the data anchor will then ask you for the data. Yeah okay so how I see this process is yeah okay so how I see this process is yeah okay so how I see this process is. That I think to the steps which are that I think to the steps which are that I think to the steps which are. Available on the on the Stellar protocol available on the on the Stellar protocol. Available on the on the Stellar protocol like each anchor will define its fields like each anchor will define its fields. Like each anchor will define its fields he needs for kyc care might be right he needs for kyc care might be right. He needs for kyc care might be right so basically when this information is so basically when this information is. So basically when this information is exchanged between anchors you know each exchanged between anchors you know each. Exchanged between anchors you know each anchor will not like for example maybe anchor will not like for example maybe. Anchor will not like for example maybe as an anchor which is using secrecy as as an anchor which is using secrecy as. As an anchor which is using secrecy as compliance provider maybe will interact compliance provider maybe will interact. Compliance provider maybe will interact with an anchor which does music it with an anchor which does music it. With an anchor which does music it doesn't use conclusive compliance right doesn't use conclusive compliance right. Doesn't use conclusive compliance right and this is and 50 to correct me if I'm and this is and 50 to correct me if I'm. And this is and 50 to correct me if I'm wrong this is embedded in the intercepts wrong this is embedded in the intercepts. Wrong this is embedded in the intercepts right to the fields you you can share right to the fields you you can share. Right to the fields you you can share between anchors so each anchor should be between anchors so each anchor should be. Between anchors so each anchor should be responsible to to configure these fields. Responsible to to configure these fields responsible to to configure these fields. Even if it's a constant field for even if it's a constant field for even if it's a constant field for. Example and maybe it's not on the I example and maybe it's not on the I example and maybe it's not on the I. Think it's set 9 which has the list of think it's set 9 which has the list of think it's set 9 which has the list of. The fields right it still can be the fields right it still can be the fields right it still can be. Requested to this exchanging of fields requested to this exchanging of fields requested to this exchanging of fields. Right and yeah of course if it's viable right and yeah of course if it's viable right and yeah of course if it's viable. For you also can be also added on that for you also can be also added on that for you also can be also added on that. List right okay so it sounds like it's list right okay so it sounds like it's list right okay so it sounds like it's. It's the responsibility of the it's the responsibility of the it's the responsibility of the. Originating in here to make sure that originating in here to make sure that originating in here to make sure that. They're giving you enough data so but they're giving you enough data so but they're giving you enough data so but. Exactly and of course some of the fields exactly and of course some of the fields. Exactly and of course some of the fields can be made off from some of the tea can be made off from some of the tea. Can be made off from some of the tea fields can be made required right so you fields can be made required right so you. Fields can be made required right so you can have this flexibility right to jump can have this flexibility right to jump. Can have this flexibility right to jump away the fields cool does anyone else in away the fields cool does anyone else in. Away the fields cool does anyone else in the edge cases where that scheme might the edge cases where that scheme might. The edge cases where that scheme might fall apart fall apart fall apart Oh because it sounds okay but generally. Oh because it sounds okay but generally Oh because it sounds okay but generally what we do because well for the first. What we do because well for the first what we do because well for the first time you might not necessarily know all. Time you might not necessarily know all time you might not necessarily know all his intended jurisdictions Mike gave you. His intended jurisdictions Mike gave you his intended jurisdictions Mike gave you. My mother everywhere intends to send she my mother everywhere intends to send she. My mother everywhere intends to send she going forth but what we tend to do is as. Going forth but what we tend to do is as going forth but what we tend to do is as. We got a client we would say we would we got a client we would say we would we got a client we would say we would. Often which countries or which region I often which countries or which region I often which countries or which region I. Mean sending two intense eccentric now mean sending two intense eccentric now mean sending two intense eccentric now. In the future kind of thing and based on in the future kind of thing and based on. In the future kind of thing and based on that for example if you have payments that for example if you have payments. That for example if you have payments that are going to Europe or to include that are going to Europe or to include. That are going to Europe or to include Europe as one of their destinations then Europe as one of their destinations then. Europe as one of their destinations then we would try and acquire the KYC to make. We would try and acquire the KYC to make we would try and acquire the KYC to make. The information required for Europe if the information required for Europe if the information required for Europe if. It's the u.s. we were trying to quite it's the u.s. we were trying to quite it's the u.s. we were trying to quite. Finish so we take no responsibility as finish so we take no responsibility as finish so we take no responsibility as. An acrobat engaged payments to get the an acrobat engaged payments to get the an acrobat engaged payments to get the. Correct information for correct correct information for correct correct information for correct. Destination and it's destination and it's destination and it's business-to-business payments and. Business-to-business payments and business-to-business payments and there's very involving onboarding. There's very involving onboarding there's very involving onboarding process we can ask the client front that. Process we can ask the client front that process we can ask the client front that. Okay are you going to meet with the US okay are you going to meet with the US okay are you going to meet with the US. Rep against the name of the European Rep against the name of the European Rep against the name of the European. Which and that means we can we have a which and that means we can we have a which and that means we can we have a. Better idea of what can when submission better idea of what can when submission better idea of what can when submission. It would meet for the destination okay yeah I think that's all yeah I think that's all. Make sense there's also the case where make sense there's also the case where make sense there's also the case where. For example for a very large transaction for example for a very large transaction. For example for a very large transaction we might you know the recent anger might. We might you know the recent anger might we might you know the recent anger might. Need extra data and I think this is fine need extra data and I think this is fine. Need extra data and I think this is fine the way that it would work is in the the way that it would work is in the. The way that it would work is in the step right now the descending a Turk I step right now the descending a Turk I. Step right now the descending a Turk I checked the status the transaction checked the status the transaction. Checked the status the transaction periodically and it might find out about periodically and it might find out about. Periodically and it might find out about there is actually more data needed so in. There is actually more data needed so in there is actually more data needed so in. This case would they provide it directly this case would they provide it directly. This case would they provide it directly to the anchor or would they provide it to the anchor or would they provide it. To the anchor or would they provide it to inclusive and until the anchor we've to inclusive and until the anchor we've. To inclusive and until the anchor we've updated they're kind of kyc profile with updated they're kind of kyc profile with. Updated they're kind of kyc profile with with extra data that you needed I with extra data that you needed I. With extra data that you needed I actually don't think it matters I think actually don't think it matters I think. Actually don't think it matters I think both ways would work just fine I think from my perspective and at least. I think from my perspective and at least how we are placed right now I think is how we are placed right now I think is. How we are placed right now I think is the anchor responsibility because the anchor responsibility because. The anchor responsibility because basically having seen these-- Cruces basically having seen these-- Cruces. Basically having seen these-- Cruces with his compliance service sit under with his compliance service sit under. With his compliance service sit under the anchor is not exposed to the anchor the anchor is not exposed to the anchor. The anchor is not exposed to the anchor right because all the all what you get right because all the all what you get. Right because all the all what you get exposed to the anchor is just the API exposed to the anchor is just the API. Exposed to the anchor is just the API definitions which are guided by the definitions which are guided by the. Definitions which are guided by the spiceps spiceps spiceps right so in any set right now there is. Right so in any set right now there is right so in any set right now there is no mention of inclusive no mention of a. No mention of inclusive no mention of a no mention of inclusive no mention of a compliance engine right so basically the. Compliance engine right so basically the compliance engine right so basically the. Anchor is responsible to integrate with anchor is responsible to integrate with anchor is responsible to integrate with. Inclusive through a set right a set inclusive through a set right a set inclusive through a set right a set. Which collects the chaos information at which collects the chaos information at which collects the chaos information at. Least this isn't if I'm seeing things least this isn't if I'm seeing things least this isn't if I'm seeing things. Right now maybe in the future can is everybody else still here I'm can is everybody else still here I'm. Still here yeah I think we got a just a still here yeah I think we got a just a still here yeah I think we got a just a. Little yes delay there okay I do have little yes delay there okay I do have little yes delay there okay I do have. One or two comments or questions so I one or two comments or questions so I one or two comments or questions so I. Kind of on topic one of them is you know kind of on topic one of them is you know. Kind of on topic one of them is you know Michael we historically had a compliance. Michael we historically had a compliance Michael we historically had a compliance. A compliance service or compliance a compliance service or compliance a compliance service or compliance. Server as part of the Stellar ecosystem server as part of the Stellar ecosystem server as part of the Stellar ecosystem. Stack did you all consider using that stack did you all consider using that stack did you all consider using that. And why or why not yeah I think that and why or why not yeah I think that and why or why not yeah I think that. Step 3 step 3 step 3 I'm just gonna pull it up real quick I'm just gonna pull it up real quick. I'm just gonna pull it up real quick there there were aspects of it that we there there were aspects of it that we. There there were aspects of it that we used for sure and there were aspects of used for sure and there were aspects of. Used for sure and there were aspects of it that didn't quite work this is a good it that didn't quite work this is a good. It that didn't quite work this is a good question and I think I should put some question and I think I should put some. Question and I think I should put some information about the I the answer is I information about the I the answer is I. Information about the I the answer is I would need to go back and kind of would need to go back and kind of. Would need to go back and kind of collect the answer to that I don't I collect the answer to that I don't I. Collect the answer to that I don't I don't have it offhand I do know that we don't have it offhand I do know that we. Don't have it offhand I do know that we referenced if you're talking about step referenced if you're talking about step. Referenced if you're talking about step 3 we referenced it in a lot of ways but 3 we referenced it in a lot of ways but. 3 we referenced it in a lot of ways but there were a lot of hiccups to it that there were a lot of hiccups to it that. There were a lot of hiccups to it that made it more difficult its Anthony I can made it more difficult its Anthony I can. Made it more difficult its Anthony I can I can I can add to that because we were I can I can add to that because we were. I can I can add to that because we were using it quite a bit to compliance ever using it quite a bit to compliance ever. Using it quite a bit to compliance ever it's a lot the this new implementation it's a lot the this new implementation. It's a lot the this new implementation is a lot simpler and cleaner and this is a lot simpler and cleaner and this. Is a lot simpler and cleaner and this the compliance server was a little bit the compliance server was a little bit. The compliance server was a little bit compliment complicated to implement and compliment complicated to implement and. Compliment complicated to implement and it's a little bit different from these it's a little bit different from these. It's a little bit different from these from the other except 24 so this will from the other except 24 so this will. From the other except 24 so this will keep everything kind of in with one keep everything kind of in with one. Keep everything kind of in with one authentication mechanism SEP 10 and one authentication mechanism SEP 10 and one. Authentication mechanism SEP 10 and one kind of signing of the data gotcha that kind of signing of the data gotcha that. Kind of signing of the data gotcha that makes sense today great and so one other makes sense today great and so one other. Makes sense today great and so one other comment that all I'll bring in before we. Comment that all I'll bring in before we comment that all I'll bring in before we. Jump back into things jump back into things jump back into things you know we're talking a lot about. You know we're talking a lot about you know we're talking a lot about sharing kyc data between anchors can. Sharing kyc data between anchors can sharing kyc data between anchors can anyone speak to how we ensure that this. Anyone speak to how we ensure that this anyone speak to how we ensure that this data is treated securely as part of this. Data is treated securely as part of this data is treated securely as part of this. Process I mean you know how how does a process I mean you know how how does a process I mean you know how how does a. Consumer using an anchor know that any consumer using an anchor know that any consumer using an anchor know that any. Personal information they share is going personal information they share is going. Personal information they share is going to be treated securely throughout this to be treated securely throughout this. To be treated securely throughout this kind of anchor - anchor kind of anchor - anchor. Kind of anchor - anchor can we see exchange process so I think there's there's there's a few. So I think there's there's there's a few aspects of that to look at one is aspects of that to look at one is. Aspects of that to look at one is technically how is this actually secured technically how is this actually secured. Technically how is this actually secured and but I think the more interesting and but I think the more interesting. And but I think the more interesting question is business-wise you know we question is business-wise you know we. Question is business-wise you know we are sharing data between entities so how are sharing data between entities so how. Are sharing data between entities so how do we ensure you know that your personal. Do we ensure you know that your personal do we ensure you know that your personal. Data doesn't get sent to some shady data doesn't get sent to some shady data doesn't get sent to some shady. Anchor that you know it steals it and anchor that you know it steals it and anchor that you know it steals it and. Does whatever with it so from the does whatever with it so from the does whatever with it so from the. Technical side I think you know technical side I think you know technical side I think you know. Everything's obviously encrypted I think everything's obviously encrypted I think. Everything's obviously encrypted I think this about this set makes it clear that this about this set makes it clear that. This about this set makes it clear that this has to be all of our steps this has to be all of our steps. This has to be all of our steps basically say you have to use HTTPS so basically say you have to use HTTPS so. Basically say you have to use HTTPS so everything is cryptid over the wire everything is cryptid over the wire. Everything is cryptid over the wire everything is authenticated using SEP 10 everything is authenticated using SEP 10. Everything is authenticated using SEP 10 was a cryptographically secure way to was a cryptographically secure way to. Was a cryptographically secure way to say that only authenticated people can say that only authenticated people can. Say that only authenticated people can access this so people who are part of access this so people who are part of. Access this so people who are part of this network have all agreed on a public this network have all agreed on a public. This network have all agreed on a public key with each other so that they can key with each other so that they can. Key with each other so that they can authenticate with each other so I think authenticate with each other so I think. Authenticate with each other so I think it's safe to say that for all reasonable it's safe to say that for all reasonable. It's safe to say that for all reasonable intents and purposes this data can only intents and purposes this data can only. Intents and purposes this data can only be accessed by the parties who are be accessed by the parties who are. Be accessed by the parties who are involved in this agreement now the involved in this agreement now the. Involved in this agreement now the interesting part of the question is how interesting part of the question is how. Interesting part of the question is how do we know who's part of this Agreement do we know who's part of this Agreement. Do we know who's part of this Agreement how do we know who can actually access how do we know who can actually access. How do we know who can actually access our data and I think the answer to that our data and I think the answer to that. Our data and I think the answer to that is you know anyone who's part of this is you know anyone who's part of this. Is you know anyone who's part of this multilateral agreement knows who else is multilateral agreement knows who else is. Multilateral agreement knows who else is part of this agreement so you are you part of this agreement so you are you. Part of this agreement so you are you know as a user you're giving your data know as a user you're giving your data. Know as a user you're giving your data to a company that you trust if if you're to a company that you trust if if you're. To a company that you trust if if you're giving your data to a company you don't giving your data to a company you don't. Giving your data to a company you don't trust like all bets are off so you know trust like all bets are off so you know. Trust like all bets are off so you know you've kind of entered into this by you've kind of entered into this by. You've kind of entered into this by saying I trust saying I trust saying I trust Howry to deal with my data and. Howry to deal with my data and Howry to deal with my data and implicitly you're saying I also agree. Implicitly you're saying I also agree implicitly you're saying I also agree that the people that calorie shares this. That the people that calorie shares this that the people that calorie shares this. Data with I also trust but we do get data with I also trust but we do get data with I also trust but we do get. Into kind of a more you know that that's into kind of a more you know that that's. Into kind of a more you know that that's a that's a much bigger leap does anyone a that's a much bigger leap does anyone. A that's a much bigger leap does anyone else have any thoughts on kind of else have any thoughts on kind of. Else have any thoughts on kind of that the trust story here involved with that the trust story here involved with. That the trust story here involved with personal data yes so from my point of view or our. Yes so from my point of view or our point of view I think it would make a point of view I think it would make a. Point of view I think it would make a lot of sense if the user would sign lot of sense if the user would sign. Lot of sense if the user would sign something like a piece of data that says something like a piece of data that says. Something like a piece of data that says I want to or I agree to share my data I want to or I agree to share my data. I want to or I agree to share my data with anchor X so also anchor X can later with anchor X so also anchor X can later. With anchor X so also anchor X can later odd ZK was he provided conclusive can odd ZK was he provided conclusive can. Odd ZK was he provided conclusive can later proof that the use of was was later proof that the use of was was. Later proof that the use of was was informed about that is that the data is informed about that is that the data is. Informed about that is that the data is going to be shared because I signed that going to be shared because I signed that. Going to be shared because I signed that piece of data so it's it's like in a piece of data so it's it's like in a. Piece of data so it's it's like in a contract between two parties yeah I contract between two parties yeah I. Contract between two parties yeah I think it's a much clearer story when you think it's a much clearer story when you. Think it's a much clearer story when you know a user comes to calorie puts in know a user comes to calorie puts in. Know a user comes to calorie puts in their data clearly they trust carry with their data clearly they trust carry with. Their data clearly they trust carry with the data and then they actually go to the data and then they actually go to. The data and then they actually go to send the money and it says we're gonna send the money and it says we're gonna. Send the money and it says we're gonna go through tempo I don't know if the UI go through tempo I don't know if the UI. Go through tempo I don't know if the UI actually tells them what they're going actually tells them what they're going. Actually tells them what they're going through but pretty much this thing I through but pretty much this thing I. Through but pretty much this thing I want to put my data in for this this want to put my data in for this this. Want to put my data in for this this this transfer from you know between this transfer from you know between. This transfer from you know between these two companies so I trust that these two companies so I trust that. These two companies so I trust that these two companies will will treat my these two companies will will treat my. These two companies will will treat my data properly the the question that data properly the the question that. Data properly the the question that comes up is since we have this comes up is since we have this. Comes up is since we have this multilateral agreement can a third multilateral agreement can a third. Multilateral agreement can a third company come in and just request you company come in and just request you. Company come in and just request you know request Michael Feldstein data from know request Michael Feldstein data from. Know request Michael Feldstein data from from conclusive you know if a kind of from conclusive you know if a kind of. From conclusive you know if a kind of sketchy company gets so there's I guess sketchy company gets so there's I guess. Sketchy company gets so there's I guess there's two questions here that I have there's two questions here that I have. There's two questions here that I have for the the conclusive product is does for the the conclusive product is does. For the the conclusive product is does every party be that's already involved every party be that's already involved. Every party be that's already involved in the multilateral agreement have to in the multilateral agreement have to. In the multilateral agreement have to agree to a new party entering and then agree to a new party entering and then. Agree to a new party entering and then second question can any party at any second question can any party at any. Second question can any party at any time just requests data that's been time just requests data that's been. Time just requests data that's been entered into this pool or is it only entered into this pool or is it only. Entered into this pool or is it only possible when a user agrees that you possible when a user agrees that you. Possible when a user agrees that you know they want that's the other party know they want that's the other party. Know they want that's the other party they want involved with their data they want involved with their data. They want involved with their data mm-hmm so sorry for dropping off but mm-hmm so sorry for dropping off but. Mm-hmm so sorry for dropping off but they have some internet issues they have some internet issues. They have some internet issues so so it depends to ask you a question so so it depends to ask you a question. So so it depends to ask you a question because I think it depends on the under because I think it depends on the under. Because I think it depends on the under regulations for example in the u.s. Regulations for example in the u.s. Regulations for example in the u.s. Regulation by law you can share kyc data regulation by law you can share kyc data. Regulation by law you can share kyc data no personal data but you can you can no personal data but you can you can. No personal data but you can you can search every see date right so let's say search every see date right so let's say. Search every see date right so let's say for example if europe is the same and by. For example if europe is the same and by for example if europe is the same and by. Law you are allowed to share kyc data law you are allowed to share kyc data law you are allowed to share kyc data. What personal personal information data what personal personal information data what personal personal information data. Let's say is when an anchor from us is let's say is when an anchor from us is let's say is when an anchor from us is. Doing payments and transaction with an doing payments and transaction with an doing payments and transaction with an. Icon from euro for example there is no icon from euro for example there is no icon from euro for example there is no. Need for an agreement because we are not need for an agreement because we are not. Need for an agreement because we are not sharing personal information you are sharing personal information you are. Sharing personal information you are just between ke wifey data and personal just between ke wifey data and personal. Just between ke wifey data and personal information yes kyc data for example information yes kyc data for example. Information yes kyc data for example I've checked you on the sanction list of I've checked you on the sanction list of. I've checked you on the sanction list of ABI you're not there but it's not ABI you're not there but it's not. ABI you're not there but it's not showing the name it was checked right showing the name it was checked right. Showing the name it was checked right okay I checked you own off at least or okay I checked you own off at least or. Okay I checked you own off at least or UN list or something else you are not UN list or something else you are not. UN list or something else you are not there right or whatever sanctioned is or there right or whatever sanctioned is or. There right or whatever sanctioned is or address match or things like that so you. Address match or things like that so you address match or things like that so you. Don't get in the KYC detain a person any don't get in the KYC detain a person any. Don't get in the KYC detain a person any personal information but the game personal information but the game. Personal information but the game actually is the result of processing the actually is the result of processing the. Actually is the result of processing the person exactly exactly so the anchor has. Person exactly exactly so the anchor has person exactly exactly so the anchor has. To keep the personal information is just to keep the personal information is just. To keep the personal information is just sent them either the personal sent them either the personal. Sent them either the personal information or either on just an information or either on just an. Information or either on just an identification or a house or something identification or a house or something. Identification or a house or something that person information we are still that person information we are still. That person information we are still working on this and if we already have working on this and if we already have. Working on this and if we already have the KYC for that unique entity or person the KYC for that unique entity or person. The KYC for that unique entity or person we just share the KYC data which doesn't. We just share the KYC data which doesn't we just share the KYC data which doesn't. Contain any personal information contain any personal information contain any personal information. And again that's why I said it depends and again that's why I said it depends and again that's why I said it depends. Because it depends on the regulation because it depends on the regulation because it depends on the regulation. Like maybe some country or regions like maybe some country or regions like maybe some country or regions. You're not allowed to ship kyc data even you're not allowed to ship kyc data even. You're not allowed to ship kyc data even though it doesn't contains any personal though it doesn't contains any personal. Though it doesn't contains any personal information right so for the case of information right so for the case of. Information right so for the case of sharing personal information like like sharing personal information like like. Sharing personal information like like we talked about earlier this this this we talked about earlier this this this. We talked about earlier this this this process does allow for a receiving process does allow for a receiving. Process does allow for a receiving anchor to pull down the personal anchor to pull down the personal. Anchor to pull down the personal information like with any said you know information like with any said you know. Information like with any said you know they need to be able to share that with they need to be able to share that with. They need to be able to share that with regulators they need to know you know regulators they need to know you know. Regulators they need to know you know things actually get data so does that things actually get data so does that. Things actually get data so does that process for an anchor actually pulling process for an anchor actually pulling. Process for an anchor actually pulling down personal data how is that down personal data how is that. Down personal data how is that controlled I think that's the control of controlled I think that's the control of. Controlled I think that's the control of anchor level and sub level I think you anchor level and sub level I think you. Anchor level and sub level I think you guys already have this in the first I guys already have this in the first I. Guys already have this in the first I think the first I think it was set three think the first I think it was set three. Think the first I think it was set three or something with Padma Franco to anchor. Or something with Padma Franco to anchor or something with Padma Franco to anchor. In which when you were requesting in which when you were requesting in which when you were requesting. Personal information for a central personal information for a central personal information for a central. Entity or individual involved in the entity or individual involved in the entity or individual involved in the. Transaction from another anchor that transaction from another anchor that transaction from another anchor that. Anchor would had like a check on this anchor would had like a check on this anchor would had like a check on this. Information like its shareable or not or information like its shareable or not or. Information like its shareable or not or something like this right so I think the. Something like this right so I think the something like this right so I think the. Death should be and as you guys mention death should be and as you guys mention death should be and as you guys mention. I think somebody mentioned it should be I think somebody mentioned it should be I think somebody mentioned it should be. A conflict signed between anchors right a conflict signed between anchors right a conflict signed between anchors right. To be able to do this either two anchors to be able to do this either two anchors. To be able to do this either two anchors either like but the entity or individual. Either like but the entity or individual either like but the entity or individual. Level right maybe when you start in a level right maybe when you start in a level right maybe when you start in a. Transaction you can ask you okay are you transaction you can ask you okay are you. Transaction you can ask you okay are you willing to share your personal willing to share your personal. Willing to share your personal information and maybe a note if you're information and maybe a note if you're. Information and maybe a note if you're not willing to sell your personal not willing to sell your personal. Not willing to sell your personal information it means that maybe the information it means that maybe the. Information it means that maybe the transaction or something right transaction or something right. Transaction or something right but is there any way for someone to say but is there any way for someone to say. But is there any way for someone to say I'm willing to share my personal I'm willing to share my personal. I'm willing to share my personal information with just these two entities information with just these two entities. Information with just these two entities versus I'm willing to share my personal versus I'm willing to share my personal. Versus I'm willing to share my personal information with anyone involved in the information with anyone involved in the. Information with anyone involved in the multilateral agreement yes I think is multilateral agreement yes I think is. Multilateral agreement yes I think is possible but to be honest I don't know possible but to be honest I don't know. Possible but to be honest I don't know whose responsibility it should be like whose responsibility it should be like. Whose responsibility it should be like it should be anchor responsibility to it should be anchor responsibility to. It should be anchor responsibility to collect this data and store it right and collect this data and store it right and. Collect this data and store it right and to do the check okay I am I'm allowed to. To do the check okay I am I'm allowed to to do the check okay I am I'm allowed to. Share the information with this certain share the information with this certain share the information with this certain. Entity or individual or with this entity or individual or with this entity or individual or with this. Provider let's say or released anchor or provider let's say or released anchor or. Provider let's say or released anchor or it should be thing it should be thing it should be thing. If responsibility to collect this data if responsibility to collect this data if responsibility to collect this data. And went on this monster that little and went on this monster that little and went on this monster that little. Thing just to check if I'm allowed to thing just to check if I'm allowed to thing just to check if I'm allowed to. Share this right okay we are not trying share this right okay we are not trying share this right okay we are not trying. To share personal information we are to share personal information we are to share personal information we are. Trying to share kyc data right so that's trying to share kyc data right so that's. Trying to share kyc data right so that's the best purpose okay it seems like an the best purpose okay it seems like an. The best purpose okay it seems like an aspect that we really need to dig into aspect that we really need to dig into. Aspect that we really need to dig into and make sure that was a really good and make sure that was a really good. And make sure that was a really good question I'm glad somebody brought it up question I'm glad somebody brought it up. Question I'm glad somebody brought it up I'm not I'm not certain that we have an I'm not I'm not certain that we have an. I'm not I'm not certain that we have an exact answer for this but it seems like exact answer for this but it seems like. Exact answer for this but it seems like if if we're gonna have this just this if if we're gonna have this just this. If if we're gonna have this just this way four acres to download personal data way four acres to download personal data. Way four acres to download personal data we're gonna need some pretty good we're gonna need some pretty good. We're gonna need some pretty good controls on who can actually do that controls on who can actually do that. Controls on who can actually do that otherwise you know that's it's a broad otherwise you know that's it's a broad. Otherwise you know that's it's a broad pool of putting your data out there so I pool of putting your data out there so I. Pool of putting your data out there so I guess a more straightforward question is. Guess a more straightforward question is guess a more straightforward question is. The first one in this multilateral the first one in this multilateral the first one in this multilateral. Agreements how does that pool grow does agreements how does that pool grow does agreements how does that pool grow does. Does everybody in the pool have to agree does everybody in the pool have to agree. Does everybody in the pool have to agree to every new addition and just one thing. To every new addition and just one thing to every new addition and just one thing. Michael I do want to call attention to Michael I do want to call attention to Michael I do want to call attention to. The time so as much as we can eventually the time so as much as we can eventually. The time so as much as we can eventually move the discussion to the 0.3 I think move the discussion to the 0.3 I think. Move the discussion to the 0.3 I think that that would be great to do so but that that would be great to do so but. That that would be great to do so but don't want to interrupt you I think I don't want to interrupt you I think I. Don't want to interrupt you I think I think that was we need to dig into that think that was we need to dig into that. Think that was we need to dig into that a bit we did it on the call so yeah a bit we did it on the call so yeah. A bit we did it on the call so yeah let's take a look at that next section let's take a look at that next section. Let's take a look at that next section okay great so Andy did you want to give okay great so Andy did you want to give. Okay great so Andy did you want to give a bit of an intro on this yes of course so we have a bit of. Yes of course so we have a bit of unusual use case from an anchors unusual use case from an anchors. Unusual use case from an anchors perspective and considering what we perspective and considering what we. Perspective and considering what we discussed so far because we are a discussed so far because we are a. Discussed so far because we are a noncustodial application and we want to noncustodial application and we want to. Noncustodial application and we want to take part in that directs and process so take part in that directs and process so. Take part in that directs and process so right now we have two approaches that we. Right now we have two approaches that we right now we have two approaches that we. Are trying or discussing internally at are trying or discussing internally at are trying or discussing internally at. Satoshi pay and for those two processes Satoshi pay and for those two processes Satoshi pay and for those two processes. We have two different there's two we have two different there's two we have two different there's two. Different flows we have two requirements different flows we have two requirements. Different flows we have two requirements like one each how to how would we take like one each how to how would we take. Like one each how to how would we take part and would we facilitate the direct part and would we facilitate the direct. Part and would we facilitate the direct send even though we are not an anchor so send even though we are not an anchor so. Send even though we are not an anchor so our use case is actually that we have a our use case is actually that we have a. Our use case is actually that we have a client who is in charge of their own client who is in charge of their own. Client who is in charge of their own funds they owned their secret key and we funds they owned their secret key and we. Funds they owned their secret key and we want to use that iOS and API between want to use that iOS and API between. Want to use that iOS and API between anchors or to another anchor so like we anchors or to another anchor so like we. Anchors or to another anchor so like we one option we are looking into right now one option we are looking into right now. One option we are looking into right now is that basically it happens anchor - is that basically it happens anchor -. Is that basically it happens anchor - anchor and we would need some way to anchor and we would need some way to. Anchor and we would need some way to initiate the whole payment flow like we initiate the whole payment flow like we. Initiate the whole payment flow like we as a third party which need a way to as a third party which need a way to. As a third party which need a way to tell anchor a descending anger and to tell anchor a descending anger and to. Tell anchor a descending anger and to actually start a payment to anchor B actually start a payment to anchor B. Actually start a payment to anchor B this is one option that we have the this is one option that we have the. This is one option that we have the other one is from from us from a other one is from from us from a. Other one is from from us from a receiving anchors perspective that we receiving anchors perspective that we. Receiving anchors perspective that we would basically be the sending anchor in would basically be the sending anchor in. Would basically be the sending anchor in some sense but we would actually send some sense but we would actually send. Some sense but we would actually send the money from the from the user's the money from the from the user's. The money from the from the user's account from the clients account or account from the clients account or. Account from the clients account or rather the client sends it and as we're rather the client sends it and as we're. Rather the client sends it and as we're non-custodial and for that we would need non-custodial and for that we would need. Non-custodial and for that we would need to be able and as a direct sent proposal. To be able and as a direct sent proposal to be able and as a direct sent proposal. Of states of states of states that the endpoint is not supposed to be that the endpoint is not supposed to be. That the endpoint is not supposed to be public there's like a white list of public there's like a white list of. Public there's like a white list of entities that are able to to use that entities that are able to to use that. Entities that are able to to use that endpoint usually anchors we would not endpoint usually anchors we would not. Endpoint usually anchors we would not only be able to to have us white listed only be able to to have us white listed. Only be able to to have us white listed as Toshi pay but we would need to be as Toshi pay but we would need to be. As Toshi pay but we would need to be able to have like sub accounts so like able to have like sub accounts so like. Able to have like sub accounts so like we have a Satoshi pair identity and we we have a Satoshi pair identity and we. We have a Satoshi pair identity and we have our clients and our clients would have our clients and our clients would. Have our clients and our clients would need like the keys of our clients would need like the keys of our clients would. Need like the keys of our clients would need to be white listed to participate need to be white listed to participate. Need to be white listed to participate in that direct indirect send I hope that in that direct indirect send I hope that. In that direct indirect send I hope that makes it half way clear even though it's. Makes it half way clear even though it's makes it half way clear even though it's. A lot to paint in in the air so maybe we a lot to paint in in the air so maybe we. A lot to paint in in the air so maybe we can get some kind of thoughts from can get some kind of thoughts from. Can get some kind of thoughts from Google your Anthony about how they Google your Anthony about how they. Google your Anthony about how they imagine the ability to actually take imagine the ability to actually take. Imagine the ability to actually take these as the receiving end of this yes these as the receiving end of this yes. These as the receiving end of this yes yeah it would be based on the piece I yeah it would be based on the piece I. Yeah it would be based on the piece I think that would be the ministering think that would be the ministering. Think that would be the ministering forward implementation for every key as forward implementation for every key as. Forward implementation for every key as the initiator of a transaction which the initiator of a transaction which. The initiator of a transaction which would be such as basic customer we would would be such as basic customer we would. Would be such as basic customer we would need to know that key I believe the need to know that key I believe the. Need to know that key I believe the accent makes you stop the step turn accent makes you stop the step turn. Accent makes you stop the step turn ostentatious key right so we can verify ostentatious key right so we can verify. Ostentatious key right so we can verify that an incoming transaction was signed that an incoming transaction was signed. That an incoming transaction was signed by your original key so basically we by your original key so basically we. By your original key so basically we just need to know or have a process just need to know or have a process. Just need to know or have a process where such a few people would register where such a few people would register. Where such a few people would register each individual key with us maybe as each individual key with us maybe as. Each individual key with us maybe as part of their onboarding process or part of their onboarding process or. Part of their onboarding process or something so they would say okay this something so they would say okay this. Something so they would say okay this key is lost to me belongs to Stassi she key is lost to me belongs to Stassi she. Key is lost to me belongs to Stassi she paid us to one of such as she pays paid us to one of such as she pays. Paid us to one of such as she pays customers and then we would essentially customers and then we would essentially. Customers and then we would essentially whiteness that particular key and when whiteness that particular key and when. Whiteness that particular key and when second receive API it's being called it second receive API it's being called it. Second receive API it's being called it would need to be authenticated with step would need to be authenticated with step. Would need to be authenticated with step 10 so we knew that this transaction was 10 so we knew that this transaction was. 10 so we knew that this transaction was signed by this key which was white signed by this key which was white. Signed by this key which was white listed to start so yeah I think that listed to start so yeah I think that. Listed to start so yeah I think that would be the mystery for yes that sounds would be the mystery for yes that sounds. Would be the mystery for yes that sounds exactly like what we had in mind and the. Exactly like what we had in mind and the exactly like what we had in mind and the. Point like what's missing right now from point like what's missing right now from. Point like what's missing right now from our perspective is just that we need our perspective is just that we need. Our perspective is just that we need some some protocol how we do is a retro some some protocol how we do is a retro. Some some protocol how we do is a retro string part yes essentially we need to string part yes essentially we need to. String part yes essentially we need to come up with a way to actually we could come up with a way to actually we could. Come up with a way to actually we could go as far as making it suspended say go as far as making it suspended say. Go as far as making it suspended say that it's the same process immiscible that it's the same process immiscible. That it's the same process immiscible with so we actually have so first off is with so we actually have so first off is. With so we actually have so first off is it okay if we go ten minutes over since it okay if we go ten minutes over since. It okay if we go ten minutes over since we kind of got a ten minute late start we kind of got a ten minute late start. We kind of got a ten minute late start I'm good with that I'm good with that I'm good with that. Hey yep my I was just actually messaging hey yep my I was just actually messaging. Hey yep my I was just actually messaging people about that so in fact we can go people about that so in fact we can go. People about that so in fact we can go ten or fifteen minutes over so all the ten or fifteen minutes over so all the. Ten or fifteen minutes over so all the hard cutoff time being 9:45 a.m. Hard cutoff time being 9:45 a.m. Hard cutoff time being 9:45 a.m. Yesterday cool so in that regard one of yesterday cool so in that regard one of yesterday cool so in that regard one of. The other things that were working on the other things that were working on the other things that were working on. Tangentially to this is the ability to tangentially to this is the ability to tangentially to this is the ability to. Kind of pre-register kyc so we were kind of pre-register kyc so we were kind of pre-register kyc so we were. Talking about for you know everything in talking about for you know everything in. Talking about for you know everything in the time I hear is person-to-person one the time I hear is person-to-person one. The time I hear is person-to-person one of the other things that came up post of the other things that came up post. Of the other things that came up post business-to-business payments and this business-to-business payments and this. Business-to-business payments and this gets a lot more complicated because gets a lot more complicated because. Gets a lot more complicated because business you know business KYB know your business you know business KYB know your. Business you know business KYB know your business stuff is a lot more complicated. Business stuff is a lot more complicated business stuff is a lot more complicated. And less standardized than know your and less standardized than know your and less standardized than know your. Customer so this is kind of a manual customer so this is kind of a manual customer so this is kind of a manual. Process and you know we're talking to process and you know we're talking to process and you know we're talking to. Tempo who does this manually and and so tempo who does this manually and and so tempo who does this manually and and so. It's important to kind of get this done it's important to kind of get this done it's important to kind of get this done. Ahead of time where we can say you know ahead of time where we can say you know ahead of time where we can say you know. If you're gonna want to do business if you're gonna want to do business if you're gonna want to do business. Let's register you ahead of time and so let's register you ahead of time and so let's register you ahead of time and so. We actually have not a set but kind of a we actually have not a set but kind of a. We actually have not a set but kind of a proposal that we did where it's it's proposal that we did where it's it's. Proposal that we did where it's it's essentially an augmentation of sub-12 essentially an augmentation of sub-12. Essentially an augmentation of sub-12 is the way to upload customer data to is the way to upload customer data to. Is the way to upload customer data to somebody but it's it's a it's a protocol somebody but it's it's a it's a protocol. Somebody but it's it's a it's a protocol that says I want to register an entity that says I want to register an entity. That says I want to register an entity here's their personal tell me what here's their personal tell me what. Here's their personal tell me what personal data you need from them I'm personal data you need from them I'm. Personal data you need from them I'm gonna give it to you and we can see if gonna give it to you and we can see if. Gonna give it to you and we can see if you're happy with them yet you need more you're happy with them yet you need more. You're happy with them yet you need more I'll give you more data but this might I'll give you more data but this might. I'll give you more data but this might be useful be useful be useful I think Andy you were on that thread. I think Andy you were on that thread I think Andy you were on that thread right have you seen what I'm talking. Right have you seen what I'm talking right have you seen what I'm talking about yes. About yes about yes yes I commented something earlier today yes I commented something earlier today. Yes I commented something earlier today actually I don't know if you saw it I actually I don't know if you saw it I. Actually I don't know if you saw it I just like oh yeah sure sure yeah so I wrote that the more I think. Yeah so I wrote that the more I think about it the more it occurs to me that about it the more it occurs to me that. About it the more it occurs to me that it would seem from a protocol level it it would seem from a protocol level it. It would seem from a protocol level it might even seem cleaner to separate the might even seem cleaner to separate the. Might even seem cleaner to separate the actual transfer sets more from the KYC actual transfer sets more from the KYC. Actual transfer sets more from the KYC sets that were from a kyc set so that sets that were from a kyc set so that. Sets that were from a kyc set so that the KYC can be done ahead of time and if the KYC can be done ahead of time and if. The KYC can be done ahead of time and if and it could still be done in the moment. And it could still be done in the moment and it could still be done in the moment. You do the transfer because you either you do the transfer because you either you do the transfer because you either. Have not KY seed yet all the k was he have not KY seed yet all the k was he have not KY seed yet all the k was he. That you or the data that you supplied that you or the data that you supplied that you or the data that you supplied. It's not enough and in that case it it's not enough and in that case it it's not enough and in that case it. Would just instead of just telling you would just instead of just telling you would just instead of just telling you. You need to provide more data and like you need to provide more data and like you need to provide more data and like. We do now if would basically it would be we do now if would basically it would be. We do now if would basically it would be the same but redirect you to the KYC the same but redirect you to the KYC. The same but redirect you to the KYC endpoint so that's a kyc endpoint would endpoint so that's a kyc endpoint would. Endpoint so that's a kyc endpoint would become like the single source of truth become like the single source of truth. Become like the single source of truth for all things kyc but of course is a for all things kyc but of course is a. For all things kyc but of course is a tricky topic because it would require us tricky topic because it would require us. Tricky topic because it would require us to change the existing steps like step 6. To change the existing steps like step 6 to change the existing steps like step 6. Step 24 also so this is a bit of a hot step 24 also so this is a bit of a hot step 24 also so this is a bit of a hot. Topic I guess yeah definitely not eager topic I guess yeah definitely not eager topic I guess yeah definitely not eager. To make changes to step 6 - step 24 but for the process of this but for the process of this. If there was a protocol where somebody if there was a protocol where somebody if there was a protocol where somebody. Could register a user linked to a could register a user linked to a could register a user linked to a. Stellar key or rather a Stellar key and Stellar key or rather a Stellar key and Stellar key or rather a Stellar key and. An optional memo for custodial solutions seems like it might allow you to kind of. Seems like it might allow you to kind of do this upfront registering and then do this upfront registering and then. Do this upfront registering and then once once you know Kaori your tempo has once once you know Kaori your tempo has. Once once you know Kaori your tempo has accepted a client based on this accepted a client based on this. Accepted a client based on this registration process then you could you registration process then you could you. Registration process then you could you know then Satoshi BAE's wallet can know then Satoshi BAE's wallet can. Know then Satoshi BAE's wallet can initiate the transfer using that that initiate the transfer using that that. Initiate the transfer using that that September September September memo come her I guess in your case Ville. Memo come her I guess in your case Ville memo come her I guess in your case Ville. It'll just be a key for SEP 10 Mike said it'll just be a key for SEP 10 Mike said. It'll just be a key for SEP 10 Mike said separation of concerns set wise and this. Separation of concerns set wise and this separation of concerns set wise and this. Is more the engineer talking from a is more the engineer talking from a is more the engineer talking from a. Satoshi pay perspective everything that Satoshi pay perspective everything that Satoshi pay perspective everything that. Enables us to also do the KYC ahead of enables us to also do the KYC ahead of enables us to also do the KYC ahead of. Time which was a job okay let me share time which was a job okay let me share time which was a job okay let me share. That with you boo by me I don't think I that with you boo by me I don't think I that with you boo by me I don't think I. Actually sent it to you originally but I actually sent it to you originally but I. Actually sent it to you originally but I think I think this can this can allow think I think this can this can allow. Think I think this can this can allow for exactly what you're talking about yeah as long as you're willing to allow. Yeah as long as you're willing to allow us to toship a wallet or a noncustodial us to toship a wallet or a noncustodial. Us to toship a wallet or a noncustodial wallet to register users in this way I wallet to register users in this way I. Wallet to register users in this way I think we can do that technically it think we can do that technically it. Think we can do that technically it doesn't seem that complicated what doesn't seem that complicated what. Doesn't seem that complicated what you're asking worst-case if it's if it's you're asking worst-case if it's if it's. You're asking worst-case if it's if it's really an issue to have a noncustodial really an issue to have a noncustodial. Really an issue to have a noncustodial client supplies the actual okay wasted client supplies the actual okay wasted. Client supplies the actual okay wasted as their personal information as their personal information. As their personal information worst case scenario maybe we can have a worst case scenario maybe we can have a. Worst case scenario maybe we can have a fallback to an interactive kyc but of fallback to an interactive kyc but of. Fallback to an interactive kyc but of course it would allow for a much course it would allow for a much. Course it would allow for a much smoother on user experience if we could smoother on user experience if we could. Smoother on user experience if we could supplies the actual data supplies the actual data. Supplies the actual data yeah we've been focused really on for yeah we've been focused really on for. Yeah we've been focused really on for this direct sends send receive stuff this direct sends send receive stuff. This direct sends send receive stuff we've really been focused on non we've really been focused on non. We've really been focused on non interactive because this is kind of you interactive because this is kind of you. Interactive because this is kind of you know the this this is a communication know the this this is a communication. Know the this this is a communication between two businesses normally if I yeah I see what you're saying. Yeah I see what you're saying let's try to do let's try to do let's try to do the non-interactive way and if you know. The non-interactive way and if you know the non-interactive way and if you know if things really fall apart that we can. If things really fall apart that we can if things really fall apart that we can start to look at the interactive you. Start to look at the interactive you start to look at the interactive you know taking a kyc form from the. Know taking a kyc form from the know taking a kyc form from the receiving anchor and showing it in the. Receiving anchor and showing it in the receiving anchor and showing it in the in the wallet similar to how step 24. In the wallet similar to how step 24 in the wallet similar to how step 24 does it I don't actually think we're. Does it I don't actually think we're does it I don't actually think we're going to need to get there. Going to need to get there going to need to get there really just gonna stay here the feels that I. Just gonna stay here the feels that I need yeah that sounds good for mind okay need yeah that sounds good for mind okay. Need yeah that sounds good for mind okay I feel good about that wonderful so do I feel good about that wonderful so do. I feel good about that wonderful so do we feel like we have both kind of a we feel like we have both kind of a. We feel like we have both kind of a short-term wave for how we want to start short-term wave for how we want to start. Short-term wave for how we want to start testing and implementing this stuff and testing and implementing this stuff and. Testing and implementing this stuff and then kind of a median turn plan for then kind of a median turn plan for. Then kind of a median turn plan for building out something more kind of building out something more kind of. Building out something more kind of sustainable or long-term I think they're sustainable or long-term I think they're. Sustainable or long-term I think they're very similar approaches okay okay it's very similar approaches okay okay it's. Very similar approaches okay okay it's Anthony Michael you asked me about step Anthony Michael you asked me about step. Anthony Michael you asked me about step 6 6 6 I think last week mm-hmm are you I think last week mm-hmm are you. I think last week mm-hmm are you thinking of bringing that back or adding thinking of bringing that back or adding. Thinking of bringing that back or adding that to this new standard or the that to this new standard or the. That to this new standard or the question I had last week was more kind question I had last week was more kind. Question I had last week was more kind of a maintenance obstetrics so we we had of a maintenance obstetrics so we we had. Of a maintenance obstetrics so we we had it seems like everyone the ecosystem it seems like everyone the ecosystem. It seems like everyone the ecosystem kind of likes to continue to use step 6 kind of likes to continue to use step 6. Kind of likes to continue to use step 6 so the thing that was asking about was so the thing that was asking about was. So the thing that was asking about was just for security purposes currently just for security purposes currently. Just for security purposes currently there's a lot of personal information there's a lot of personal information. There's a lot of personal information that's sent over a get request and in that's sent over a get request and in. That's sent over a get request and in the URL which is URLs are not really the URL which is URLs are not really. The URL which is URLs are not really secure they can be leaked through secure they can be leaked through. Secure they can be leaked through browser history or whatever so we just browser history or whatever so we just. Browser history or whatever so we just want to change that endpoint to be a want to change that endpoint to be a. Want to change that endpoint to be a post request which it sounds like you post request which it sounds like you. Post request which it sounds like you already you already did so it was two already you already did so it was two. Already you already did so it was two separate it had nothing to do with this separate it had nothing to do with this. Separate it had nothing to do with this I don't okay thank you okay great well I don't okay thank you okay great well. I don't okay thank you okay great well so were there any last items that people so were there any last items that people. So were there any last items that people wanted to discuss before before we end wanted to discuss before before we end. Wanted to discuss before before we end the roundtable for today yeah I have one the roundtable for today yeah I have one. The roundtable for today yeah I have one more thing actually because I said more thing actually because I said. More thing actually because I said that like two paths that we are that like two paths that we are. That like two paths that we are considering right now and we discussed considering right now and we discussed. Considering right now and we discussed the second one and this is quite the second one and this is quite. The second one and this is quite actionable but for the first actionable but for the first. Actionable but for the first and we skipped that little bit in this and we skipped that little bit in this. And we skipped that little bit in this case maybe we can do it do it very case maybe we can do it do it very. Case maybe we can do it do it very briefly and I just want to hear if briefly and I just want to hear if. Briefly and I just want to hear if anchors have some specific thoughts on anchors have some specific thoughts on. Anchors have some specific thoughts on that and this is if we were to do the that and this is if we were to do the. That and this is if we were to do the the direct sending the direct payments the direct sending the direct payments. The direct sending the direct payments directly from an anchor to another directly from an anchor to another. Directly from an anchor to another anchor and we would just basically step anchor and we would just basically step. Anchor and we would just basically step in and like we would be the party in and like we would be the party. In and like we would be the party initiating the whole flow in for the initiating the whole flow in for the. Initiating the whole flow in for the user and we would like just connect the user and we would like just connect the. User and we would like just connect the dots and the user the user would then dots and the user the user would then. Dots and the user the user would then directly like trend send a payment a directly like trend send a payment a. Directly like trend send a payment a fiat payment for example to Z sending fiat payment for example to Z sending. Fiat payment for example to Z sending anger and the sending anger upon arrival anger and the sending anger upon arrival. Anger and the sending anger upon arrival sensor to the receiving anchor and it's sensor to the receiving anchor and it's. Sensor to the receiving anchor and it's a it's a bit hard to explain now in such a it's a bit hard to explain now in such. A it's a bit hard to explain now in such short term but are there any hard short term but are there any hard. Short term but are there any hard feelings from anchors about adding feelings from anchors about adding. Feelings from anchors about adding support for something like this or not support for something like this or not. Support for something like this or not adding it like that you allowed some adding it like that you allowed some. Adding it like that you allowed some other party to kick off the floor other party to kick off the floor. Other party to kick off the floor in this process does the sending anchor in this process does the sending anchor. In this process does the sending anchor need to know anything about what's need to know anything about what's. Need to know anything about what's happening or does it simply accept happening or does it simply accept. Happening or does it simply accept deposits and issue tokens like an anchor deposits and issue tokens like an anchor. Deposits and issue tokens like an anchor has always done yes basically has always done yes basically. Has always done yes basically so of course and the anchor stone needs so of course and the anchor stone needs. So of course and the anchor stone needs to to control like the KYC flow request to to control like the KYC flow request. To to control like the KYC flow request more data something like that I suppose more data something like that I suppose. More data something like that I suppose but apart from that it's always like but apart from that it's always like. But apart from that it's always like it's always been okay so what I had it's always been okay so what I had. It's always been okay so what I had understood from your flow there was you understood from your flow there was you. Understood from your flow there was you the wallet itself would be the initiator the wallet itself would be the initiator. The wallet itself would be the initiator of the transaction and from a receiving of the transaction and from a receiving. Of the transaction and from a receiving anchors point of view they care about anchors point of view they care about. Anchors point of view they care about two things one we have good kyc data we two things one we have good kyc data we. Two things one we have good kyc data we know who we're dealing with - we've know who we're dealing with - we've. Know who we're dealing with - we've received proper payment you know we received proper payment you know we. Received proper payment you know we received the tokens we expect to receive received the tokens we expect to receive. Received the tokens we expect to receive for this payment they don't originally for this payment they don't originally. For this payment they don't originally they were kind of conflated where the they were kind of conflated where the. They were kind of conflated where the person who provides the KYC is the same person who provides the KYC is the same. Person who provides the KYC is the same as the person that sends the tokens I as the person that sends the tokens I. As the person that sends the tokens I don't think that necessarily needs to be don't think that necessarily needs to be. Don't think that necessarily needs to be true as long as both things are true true as long as both things are true. True as long as both things are true that they as long as both things are that they as long as both things are. That they as long as both things are provided good kose data and proper provided good kose data and proper. Provided good kose data and proper payment do those actually need to you payment do those actually need to you. Payment do those actually need to you know does know does know does if if Satoshi they can provide kyc. If if Satoshi they can provide kyc if if Satoshi they can provide kyc either through if inclusive or through. Either through if inclusive or through either through if inclusive or through however the anchor accepts and the. However the anchor accepts and the however the anchor accepts and the receipt anchor gets the money they. Receipt anchor gets the money they receipt anchor gets the money they expect is that enough because if that's. Expect is that enough because if that's expect is that enough because if that's the case that and the sending anchor. The case that and the sending anchor the case that and the sending anchor doesn't doesn't really need to know that. Doesn't doesn't really need to know that doesn't doesn't really need to know that. They're part of this payment protocol they're part of this payment protocol they're part of this payment protocol. They just need to know they've accepted they just need to know they've accepted they just need to know they've accepted. Some Fiat they've sent a token to an some Fiat they've sent a token to an some Fiat they've sent a token to an. Address just to say we do that right address just to say we do that right address just to say we do that right. Now with some of the crypto anchors like now with some of the crypto anchors like. Now with some of the crypto anchors like papaya bod and not nao BTC what exactly papaya bod and not nao BTC what exactly. Papaya bod and not nao BTC what exactly what do you mean we what is that that what do you mean we what is that that. What do you mean we what is that that you do essentially we sell the client you do essentially we sell the client. You do essentially we sell the client like a nao BTC Bitcoin and then they like a nao BTC Bitcoin and then they. Like a nao BTC Bitcoin and then they choose to send to the Bitcoin address choose to send to the Bitcoin address. Choose to send to the Bitcoin address they're doing withdraw on that anchor they're doing withdraw on that anchor. They're doing withdraw on that anchor    but it's behind the scenes the client. But it's behind the scenes the client but it's behind the scenes the client doesn't know okay okay that doesn't. Doesn't know okay okay that doesn't doesn't know okay okay that doesn't sound too bad an address that's. Sound too bad an address that's sound too bad an address that's whitelisted we don't really care like if. Whitelisted we don't really care like if whitelisted we don't really care like if. He is a client of the partner or he is a client of the partner or he is a client of the partner or. Whatever the case same thing long as we whatever the case same thing long as we whatever the case same thing long as we. Receive a fiat payment corresponding to receive a fiat payment corresponding to receive a fiat payment corresponding to. A section we don't really care as long a section we don't really care as long a section we don't really care as long. As it a right if the only question I as it a right if the only question I as it a right if the only question I. Think really is do we have to connect think really is do we have to connect think really is do we have to connect. The income via payment with the KYC of a the income via payment with the KYC of a. The income via payment with the KYC of a particular wallet address if we have to particular wallet address if we have to. Particular wallet address if we have to do that that is also possible I think it do that that is also possible I think it. Do that that is also possible I think it can be done because can be done because can be done because. We were first of all we already have a we were first of all we already have a we were first of all we already have a. Business relationship and a business business relationship and a business business relationship and a business. Agreement with a special tree for agreement with a special tree for agreement with a special tree for. Example and then there's going to be example and then there's going to be example and then there's going to be. White listing up one body or any one white listing up one body or any one white listing up one body or any one. Else address so as long as we move else address so as long as we move else address so as long as we move. Through that process when any through that process when any through that process when any. Send/receive send/receive send/receive transaction that comes in we know that transaction that comes in we know that. Transaction that comes in we know that it's one that that's you launch the it's one that that's you launch the. It's one that that's you launch the strategy behind is rating whiteness strategy behind is rating whiteness. Strategy behind is rating whiteness didn't we already have accuracy for it didn't we already have accuracy for it. Didn't we already have accuracy for it so yeah it's a it's ounds overly so yeah it's a it's ounds overly. So yeah it's a it's ounds overly complicated to expect that this sending complicated to expect that this sending. Complicated to expect that this sending you know a stunning anchor who's not you know a stunning anchor who's not. You know a stunning anchor who's not actually originating with this payment actually originating with this payment. Actually originating with this payment is going to become a part of it but it is going to become a part of it but it. Is going to become a part of it but it seems totally straightforward for them seems totally straightforward for them. Seems totally straightforward for them to issue the tokens to the wallet and to issue the tokens to the wallet and. To issue the tokens to the wallet and then the wallet sends the money and in then the wallet sends the money and in. Then the wallet sends the money and in that case it's coming from an address that case it's coming from an address. That case it's coming from an address that's been whitelist it has been you that's been whitelist it has been you. That's been whitelist it has been you know registered in kyc properly yeah that's maybe the most the most. Yeah that's maybe the most the most straightforward thing to do cool III had one question on this. Cool III had one question on this external memo field for Satoshi pay external memo field for Satoshi pay. External memo field for Satoshi pay because I've seen it before that wallets because I've seen it before that wallets. Because I've seen it before that wallets who are initiating transfers they often who are initiating transfers they often. Who are initiating transfers they often need their own reference to come in so need their own reference to come in so. Need their own reference to come in so then essentially this two memo field is then essentially this two memo field is. Then essentially this two memo field is an external memo and then then then our an external memo and then then then our. An external memo and then then then our memo can you explain a bit how you memo can you explain a bit how you. Memo can you explain a bit how you should be that working oh yeah should be that working oh yeah. Should be that working oh yeah so from our point of view like you're so from our point of view like you're. So from our point of view like you're referring to the external memo and the referring to the external memo and the. Referring to the external memo and the in like the Stellar transaction memo in like the Stellar transaction memo. In like the Stellar transaction memo right exactly so we don't really care right exactly so we don't really care. Right exactly so we don't really care about the Stellar transaction memo but about the Stellar transaction memo but. About the Stellar transaction memo but on pay out we would like to be able to on pay out we would like to be able to. On pay out we would like to be able to add a custom a custom text to the actual add a custom a custom text to the actual. Add a custom a custom text to the actual bank transfer reference that text that's. Bank transfer reference that text that's bank transfer reference that text that's. Attached to those bank transfers usually attached to those bank transfers usually. Attached to those bank transfers usually we we know that of course you guys have we we know that of course you guys have. We we know that of course you guys have to have to add your own your own text to have to add your own your own text. To have to add your own your own text for for referencing it later I guess but for for referencing it later I guess but. For for referencing it later I guess but our goal is to also include some some our goal is to also include some some. Our goal is to also include some some text or some code of ours so that the text or some code of ours so that the. Text or some code of ours so that the receiving party can like the the text receiving party can like the the text. Receiving party can like the the text that we want to add is primarily that we want to add is primarily. That we want to add is primarily specified by our client so if if Anthony specified by our client so if if Anthony. Specified by our client so if if Anthony you are our client in this case you can you are our client in this case you can. You are our client in this case you can enter some some ID where you know or enter some some ID where you know or. Enter some some ID where you know or case is payment X and you would enter case is payment X and you would enter. Case is payment X and you would enter that in our wallet and we would sent that in our wallet and we would sent. That in our wallet and we would sent this to Temple on withdrawal on payout this to Temple on withdrawal on payout. This to Temple on withdrawal on payout and then the idea is that temple as this and then the idea is that temple as this. And then the idea is that temple as this payment acts memo that you anthony as payment acts memo that you anthony as. Payment acts memo that you anthony as the user specified - is that - that the user specified - is that - that. The user specified - is that - that actual bank transfer text actual bank transfer text. Actual bank transfer text great thank you okay awesome so if that is kind of one okay awesome so if that is kind of one. Of our last trailing comments then I'm of our last trailing comments then I'm of our last trailing comments then I'm. Going to go ahead and wrap this session going to go ahead and wrap this session going to go ahead and wrap this session. Up I think we've had a lot of great up I think we've had a lot of great up I think we've had a lot of great. Discussions really excited about the discussions really excited about the discussions really excited about the. Progress we made on the multilateral kyc progress we made on the multilateral kyc. Progress we made on the multilateral kyc conversation so Thank You Claudio and conversation so Thank You Claudio and. Conversation so Thank You Claudio and also on the non-custodial wallet also on the non-custodial wallet. Also on the non-custodial wallet integration into the direct sub integration into the direct sub. Integration into the direct sub transaction so lots of stuff there I transaction so lots of stuff there I. Transaction so lots of stuff there I know that there were a few points that know that there were a few points that. Know that there were a few points that we are going to need to follow up on we are going to need to follow up on. We are going to need to follow up on that's the nature of these discussions that's the nature of these discussions. That's the nature of these discussions so things will continue to be dynamic so things will continue to be dynamic. So things will continue to be dynamic but thank you so much everyone for your but thank you so much everyone for your. But thank you so much everyone for your time and participation today time and participation today. Time and participation today and thanks for everybody who is tuning and thanks for everybody who is tuning. And thanks for everybody who is tuning in thank you sir thanks all right.
