Hello everyone and welcome to this Hello everyone and welcome to this week's style developer meeting. . Week's style developer meeting. week's style developer meeting. today I have quite a few guests . Today I have quite a few guests today I have quite a few guests joining the call from NMIX. So please. Joining the call from NMIX. So please joining the call from NMIX. So please. please introduce yourself.  Good morning everyone. My name is  Good morning everyone. My name is. Chaved. the CEO and co-founder of Chaved. the CEO and co-founder of Chaved. the CEO and co-founder of. Onomics where we are building Onomics where we are building Onomics where we are building . Financial institution infrastructure on financial institution infrastructure on financial institution infrastructure on. Chain on Stellar. we use the diamond chain on Stellar. we use the diamond chain on Stellar. we use the diamond. Proxy standard which we will be talking proxy standard which we will be talking proxy standard which we will be talking. To you about very shortly. and our to you about very shortly. and our to you about very shortly. and our. Entire objective is to allow a seamless entire objective is to allow a seamless entire objective is to allow a seamless. Transition of for asset managers to transition of for asset managers to transition of for asset managers to. Seamlessly transition onchain without seamlessly transition onchain without seamlessly transition onchain without. Ever realizing that it's actually ever realizing that it's actually ever realizing that it's actually. Blockchain that's running the show in blockchain that's running the show in blockchain that's running the show in. The background. I pass over to Thomas the background. I pass over to Thomas the background. I pass over to Thomas. And Sebastian. Yeah, my name is Thomas Brown. I'm here Yeah, my name is Thomas Brown. I'm here at Nomix. been working on Sora,. At Nomix. been working on Sora, at Nomix. been working on Sora, a project that caught my eye as a native. A project that caught my eye as a native a project that caught my eye as a native. Rust developer. I've been doing it now Rust developer. I've been doing it now Rust developer. I've been doing it now. For about 10 years, that is to say Rust. For about 10 years, that is to say Rust. For about 10 years, that is to say Rust. and so far my experience working and so far my experience working and so far my experience working. Stellar has been incredible. I had Stellar has been incredible. I had Stellar has been incredible. I had. Experience working on other blockchains experience working on other blockchains experience working on other blockchains. And being a Rust developer and being and being a Rust developer and being and being a Rust developer and being. Familiar with the benefits the language familiar with the benefits the language familiar with the benefits the language. I feel like Stellar's system makes it I feel like Stellar's system makes it. I feel like Stellar's system makes it really intuitive for a seasoned really intuitive for a seasoned. Really intuitive for a seasoned developer and even those with lesser developer and even those with lesser. Developer and even those with lesser experience to just jump on board. So experience to just jump on board. So. Experience to just jump on board. So this has been a really fun and this has been a really fun and. This has been a really fun and interesting experience for me so far. Interesting experience for me so far. Interesting experience for me so far. Hi everybody. My name is Sebastian Hi everybody. My name is Sebastian Hi everybody. My name is Sebastian. Shepus. I'm the CTO here at Nomix and Shepus. I'm the CTO here at Nomix and . Shepus. I'm the CTO here at Nomix and I'm excited to be here. we've been I'm excited to be here. we've been. I'm excited to be here. we've been working on this technology for a while working on this technology for a while. Working on this technology for a while and we Thomas is one of the best and we Thomas is one of the best. And we Thomas is one of the best Rust developers we know and we've had Rust developers we know and we've had . Rust developers we know and we've had a really good time building this a really good time building this. A really good time building this infrastructure. So we hope that you infrastructure. So we hope that you. Infrastructure. So we hope that you enjoy what you see enjoy what you see enjoy what you see. And find it useful. Excellent. Excellent. Mason, you want to introduce yourself? Mason, you want to introduce yourself? Mason, you want to introduce yourself?  Let me just wish my comments.  Let me just wish my comments.  Let me just wish my comments.  Hello everyone.  Hello everyone.  Hello everyone. Good morning, good evening, Good morning, good evening, Good morning, good evening,. Good afternoon from wherever you're good afternoon from wherever you're good afternoon from wherever you're. Joining. I'm M Heather. I'm the head of joining. I'm M Heather. I'm the head of joining. I'm M Heather. I'm the head of. Engineering at Nomix. it's been quite engineering at Nomix. it's been quite. Engineering at Nomix. it's been quite a journey at Nomix and now we see Nomix a journey at Nomix and now we see Nomix. A journey at Nomix and now we see Nomix also working with solar pan and seller also working with solar pan and seller. Also working with solar pan and seller and my part here is to integrate that and my part here is to integrate that. And my part here is to integrate that into our overall auto deployer into our overall auto deployer. Into our overall auto deployer solution where we onboard customers solution where we onboard customers . Solution where we onboard customers within a 20 to 30 minute time frame and within a 20 to 30 minute time frame and. Within a 20 to 30 minute time frame and deploy them onto their target chain and deploy them onto their target chain and. Deploy them onto their target chain and we're quickly on wrapping them we're quickly on wrapping them. We're quickly on wrapping them onboarding them onto onboarding them onto onboarding them onto. Chains as well. Chains as well. Chains as well.  Great. Thank you for the introductions.  Great. Thank you for the introductions.  Great. Thank you for the introductions.  Yeah,  Yeah,  Yeah,  I really love tooling tooling and.  I really love tooling tooling and  I really love tooling tooling and. And yeah, what what can make your and yeah, what what can make your and yeah, what what can make your. Work as a developer and and and work as a developer and and and work as a developer and and and . Deploying your your smart contracts deploying your your smart contracts deploying your your smart contracts. Easier. That's something that's really easier. That's something that's really easier. That's something that's really. Interesting to me. I have not had a interesting to me. I have not had a interesting to me. I have not had a. Chance to to play around with your chance to to play around with your chance to to play around with your. Solution. So I'm I'm super excited to solution. So I'm I'm super excited to solution. So I'm I'm super excited to. See see your presentation and your demo. See see your presentation and your demo. See see your presentation and your demo.  Sounds great. So to start off I believe  Sounds great. So to start off I believe.  Sounds great. So to start off I believe we would like to share a little bit. We would like to share a little bit we would like to share a little bit about the motivation for why we were. About the motivation for why we were about the motivation for why we were developing the Soraban version of the. Developing the Soraban version of the developing the Soraban version of the. Diamond proxy standard. So like I diamond proxy standard. So like I diamond proxy standard. So like I. Mentioned earlier our mission at Nomix mentioned earlier our mission at Nomix mentioned earlier our mission at Nomix. Is to allow traditional asset managers is to allow traditional asset managers is to allow traditional asset managers. And traditional finance projects to and traditional finance projects to and traditional finance projects to. Transition onchain in a manner which transition onchain in a manner which transition onchain in a manner which. Completely abstracts away the complexity completely abstracts away the complexity. Completely abstracts away the complexity of blockchain technology where they of blockchain technology where they. Of blockchain technology where they don't even realize that it's blockchain don't even realize that it's blockchain. Don't even realize that it's blockchain running the show in the background. We running the show in the background. We. Running the show in the background. We don't say the B word, we don't say the C don't say the B word, we don't say the C. Don't say the B word, we don't say the C word. There's no blockchain, no crypto. Word. There's no blockchain, no crypto. Word. There's no blockchain, no crypto. It just happens to run on blockchain it just happens to run on blockchain it just happens to run on blockchain. Based infrastructure. So one of the key based infrastructure. So one of the key based infrastructure. So one of the key. Challenges that we saw when we were challenges that we saw when we were challenges that we saw when we were. Going out there and refining our product going out there and refining our product. Going out there and refining our product market fit was convincing these asset market fit was convincing these asset. Market fit was convincing these asset managers to transition onchain because managers to transition onchain because. Managers to transition onchain because everyone has their preconceived biases everyone has their preconceived biases. Everyone has their preconceived biases about blockchain technology which is hey about blockchain technology which is hey. About blockchain technology which is hey it's immutable and once something is it's immutable and once something is. It's immutable and once something is deployed on chain that can never ever be deployed on chain that can never ever be. Deployed on chain that can never ever be changed ever again which is great when changed ever again which is great when. Changed ever again which is great when you're operating in the DeFi land where you're operating in the DeFi land where. You're operating in the DeFi land where you know you've got pictures of monkeys you know you've got pictures of monkeys. You know you've got pictures of monkeys on NFDS or I don't know you, you don't on NFDS or I don't know you, you don't. On NFDS or I don't know you, you don't know me, and you're issuing a a random know me, and you're issuing a a random. Know me, and you're issuing a a random token that I want to audit the code for token that I want to audit the code for. Token that I want to audit the code for to make sure I'm not going to get rugged to make sure I'm not going to get rugged. To make sure I'm not going to get rugged or I'm not going to get my token stolen or I'm not going to get my token stolen. Or I'm not going to get my token stolen or you're not going to dilute me just by or you're not going to dilute me just by. Or you're not going to dilute me just by issuing new tokens. But that issuing new tokens. But that. Issuing new tokens. But that immutability is a double-edged sword. Immutability is a double-edged sword. Immutability is a double-edged sword. That immutability turns into a massive That immutability turns into a massive That immutability turns into a massive. Liability for financial institutions liability for financial institutions liability for financial institutions. That expect to update these smart that expect to update these smart that expect to update these smart. Contracts at a regular cadence when contracts at a regular cadence when contracts at a regular cadence when. Either a zero day bug is discovered or either a zero day bug is discovered or either a zero day bug is discovered or. Whether regulations change. As you all whether regulations change. As you all whether regulations change. As you all. Know, we're in the very nent stages of know, we're in the very nent stages of know, we're in the very nent stages of. Tokenization as a industry, as a market tokenization as a industry, as a market tokenization as a industry, as a market. Segment. maybe only three to five segment. maybe only three to five segment. maybe only three to five. Years tops. and because of this years tops. and because of this years tops. and because of this. Immutability, these asset managers were immutability, these asset managers were immutability, these asset managers were. Very hesitant to adopt because when you very hesitant to adopt because when you very hesitant to adopt because when you. Do smart contract upgrades in the do smart contract upgrades in the do smart contract upgrades in the. Traditional sense, which is you're traditional sense, which is you're traditional sense, which is you're. Deprecating the old contract and deprecating the old contract and deprecating the old contract and. Transitioning everyone to a new transitioning everyone to a new transitioning everyone to a new. Contract, it's a massive pain for the contract, it's a massive pain for the contract, it's a massive pain for the. Asset issuer. It's a huge poor It's a asset issuer. It's a huge poor It's a asset issuer. It's a huge poor It's a. Very poor user experience for the end very poor user experience for the end very poor user experience for the end. User as well. So what we're deploying user as well. So what we're deploying user as well. So what we're deploying. Out there into the world looks, feels, out there into the world looks, feels, out there into the world looks, feels,. And smells like a traditional brokerage and smells like a traditional brokerage and smells like a traditional brokerage. Account that's built on these diamond account that's built on these diamond account that's built on these diamond. Proxy standard. One of the key reasons proxy standard. One of the key reasons proxy standard. One of the key reasons. That all of the tokenization initiatives that all of the tokenization initiatives. That all of the tokenization initiatives to date, apart from a few very diff very. To date, apart from a few very diff very to date, apart from a few very diff very. Few exceptions, have happened behind few exceptions, have happened behind few exceptions, have happened behind. Walled gardens is because of this walled gardens is because of this walled gardens is because of this. Feature because they want to carefully feature because they want to carefully feature because they want to carefully. Control the entire blockchain that control the entire blockchain that control the entire blockchain that. They're operating on. So if they need to they're operating on. So if they need to. They're operating on. So if they need to roll something back or if they need to roll something back or if they need to. Roll something back or if they need to upgrade things, they have the complete upgrade things, they have the complete. Upgrade things, they have the complete cart launch to do so. But we all know cart launch to do so. But we all know. Cart launch to do so. But we all know that there's inherent liquidity on that there's inherent liquidity on. That there's inherent liquidity on public ledgers. And if you want to public ledgers. And if you want to. Public ledgers. And if you want to democratize access to various financial democratize access to various financial. Democratize access to various financial instruments and increase your instruments and increase your . Instruments and increase your investor base, you need to be able to investor base, you need to be able to. Investor base, you need to be able to tackle these public blockchains. This tackle these public blockchains. This. Tackle these public blockchains. This entire concept, this entire challenge is entire concept, this entire challenge is. Entire concept, this entire challenge is why we decided to build the diamond why we decided to build the diamond. Why we decided to build the diamond proxy standard on Sora. Proxy standard on Sora. Proxy standard on Sora. I'll pause here very quickly for any I'll pause here very quickly for any I'll pause here very quickly for any. Comments from you, Carson. Comments from you, Carson. Comments from you, Carson.  Yeah, I just want to say that if anyone  Yeah, I just want to say that if anyone.  Yeah, I just want to say that if anyone watching here has any questions,. watching here has any questions, watching here has any questions, please feel free to post them in the. Please feel free to post them in the please feel free to post them in the chat and we will we will try to take. Chat and we will we will try to take chat and we will we will try to take them as as they come in. but but. Them as as they come in. but but them as as they come in. but but yeah, I yeah, I think that that was a. Yeah, I yeah, I think that that was a yeah, I yeah, I think that that was a. That was a great intro. maybe maybe just that was a great intro. maybe maybe just. That was a great intro. maybe maybe just very briefly describe what the very briefly describe what the. Very briefly describe what the diamond pattern what what that is diamond pattern what what that is . Diamond pattern what what that is for those who are less familiar with it. For those who are less familiar with it. For those who are less familiar with it.  Of course. So the diamond proxy standard  Of course. So the diamond proxy standard.  Of course. So the diamond proxy standard is functions similarly to how proxies. Is functions similarly to how proxies is functions similarly to how proxies work in the traditional web 2.0 world . Work in the traditional web 2.0 world work in the traditional web 2.0 world . If you're familiar with them. So instead if you're familiar with them. So instead. If you're familiar with them. So instead of having a monolithic smart contract of having a monolithic smart contract. Of having a monolithic smart contract structure, you actually have something structure, you actually have something. Structure, you actually have something called the diamond called the diamond called the diamond. Smart contract which basically if you smart contract which basically if you smart contract which basically if you. Think about it all typically all of the think about it all typically all of the think about it all typically all of the. Smart contracts have their independent smart contracts have their independent smart contracts have their independent. Stoages and they're all hardcoded to stoages and they're all hardcoded to stoages and they're all hardcoded to. Each other to work with each other. If each other to work with each other. If each other to work with each other. If. You've got a marketplace smart contract, you've got a marketplace smart contract,. You've got a marketplace smart contract, if you've got a token issuance smart if you've got a token issuance smart. If you've got a token issuance smart contract, if you've got a fee contract, if you've got a fee. Contract, if you've got a fee distribution smart contract, all of them distribution smart contract, all of them. Distribution smart contract, all of them are kind of linked together in a in a are kind of linked together in a in a. Are kind of linked together in a in a hard-coded manner, for the lack of a hard-coded manner, for the lack of a. Hard-coded manner, for the lack of a better word. What the diamond proxy better word. What the diamond proxy. Better word. What the diamond proxy allows you to do is have a common allows you to do is have a common. Allows you to do is have a common storage for all of these smart storage for all of these smart. Storage for all of these smart contracts. And there's multiple facets contracts. And there's multiple facets. Contracts. And there's multiple facets on that smart contract. And each one of on that smart contract. And each one of. On that smart contract. And each one of these facets are responsible for a these facets are responsible for a. These facets are responsible for a specific kind of functionality. Now, at specific kind of functionality. Now, at. Specific kind of functionality. Now, at a 10,000 feet overview, and Thomas can a 10,000 feet overview, and Thomas can. A 10,000 feet overview, and Thomas can get into that a little bit deeper, at a get into that a little bit deeper, at a. Get into that a little bit deeper, at a 10,000 feet overview, when you need to 10,000 feet overview, when you need to. 10,000 feet overview, when you need to change anything at all in a diamond change anything at all in a diamond. Change anything at all in a diamond proxy, you're simply able to shave away proxy, you're simply able to shave away. Proxy, you're simply able to shave away a facet and replace it with a newer a facet and replace it with a newer. A facet and replace it with a newer facet without impacting the rest of the facet without impacting the rest of the. Facet without impacting the rest of the functionality of the contract or without functionality of the contract or without. Functionality of the contract or without having to do costly reissuances and having to do costly reissuances and. Having to do costly reissuances and migrations of those tokens. Migrations of those tokens. Migrations of those tokens.  Great. Okay. So, I'll pause for any  Great. Okay. So, I'll pause for any.  Great. Okay. So, I'll pause for any highle questions and then I'll let highle questions and then I'll let. Highle questions and then I'll let Thomas take it away and get down into Thomas take it away and get down into. Thomas take it away and get down into the nitty-gritty. The nitty-gritty. The nitty-gritty.  Sounds good.  Here's there was one question from  Here's there was one question from. The audience asking for a link to the the audience asking for a link to the. The audience asking for a link to the standard. Now, , did you want it in standard. Now, , did you want it in. Standard. Now, , did you want it in just like a GitHub repo link of our SCP just like a GitHub repo link of our SCP. Just like a GitHub repo link of our SCP filing because that's what we're going filing because that's what we're going. Filing because that's what we're going to go over next. To go over next. To go over next.  Yeah, I can I can post that one.  Yeah, I can I can post that one.  Yeah, I can I can post that one.  Yeah. Yeah, there you go. So, yeah, we are Yeah, there you go. So, yeah, we are proposing a set. We filed this up a. Proposing a set. We filed this up a proposing a set. We filed this up a couple of months ago and now we're ready. Couple of months ago and now we're ready couple of months ago and now we're ready. To drive additional eyeballs on it from to drive additional eyeballs on it from to drive additional eyeballs on it from. The community and have it start to be the community and have it start to be the community and have it start to be. Adopted throughout the Sorban community adopted throughout the Sorban community adopted throughout the Sorban community. As well. We'll also be going through Sor as well. We'll also be going through Sor. As well. We'll also be going through Sor OpenZeppelin audits of the smart OpenZeppelin audits of the smart. OpenZeppelin audits of the smart contract in very short order over the contract in very short order over the. Contract in very short order over the next month or two. So, yeah, Thomas, next month or two. So, yeah, Thomas,. Next month or two. So, yeah, Thomas, take it away if you want to share your take it away if you want to share your. Take it away if you want to share your screen. Screen. Screen.  Great. and just get this set up. All right, the diamond proxy standard. All right, the diamond proxy standard. So before I get into discussing So before I get into discussing So before I get into discussing. The jargon that's used here because the jargon that's used here because the jargon that's used here because. Somebody looking at this for the first somebody looking at this for the first somebody looking at this for the first. Time will be inundated with all these time will be inundated with all these time will be inundated with all these. New keywords. I think as a developer new keywords. I think as a developer new keywords. I think as a developer. Speaking to other developers, it makes speaking to other developers, it makes speaking to other developers, it makes. The most sense to approach this from a the most sense to approach this from a the most sense to approach this from a. Common perspective. , common perspective. , common perspective. , typically when we're developing a smart. Typically when we're developing a smart typically when we're developing a smart contract, we can think of a smart. Contract, we can think of a smart contract, we can think of a smart contract as like a class of sorts. Contract as like a class of sorts. Contract as like a class of sorts. It's something that runs and it's It's something that runs and it's It's something that runs and it's. Structured. You can add functions to it. Structured. You can add functions to it. Structured. You can add functions to it. You can add data fields to it. You can You can add data fields to it. You can You can add data fields to it. You can. Control how those data fields are control how those data fields are control how those data fields are. Accessed through different view accessed through different view accessed through different view. Modifiers. Modifiers. Modifiers. And in web 3.0 or in blockchain space And in web 3.0 or in blockchain space And in web 3.0 or in blockchain space. Instead of having a class just running instead of having a class just running instead of having a class just running. On your local machine which is the case on your local machine which is the case on your local machine which is the case. For normal object-oriented programming for normal object-oriented programming for normal object-oriented programming. When you're talking about when you're talking about when you're talking about paradigms like Stellar or Ethereum. Paradigms like Stellar or Ethereum paradigms like Stellar or Ethereum anything like that we have a distributed. Anything like that we have a distributed anything like that we have a distributed. Class so that class file that code is class so that class file that code is class so that class file that code is. Being executed across many machines at being executed across many machines at being executed across many machines at. Once and so there's a beauty and once and so there's a beauty and once and so there's a beauty and. Elegance to the notion of smart elegance to the notion of smart elegance to the notion of smart. Contracts. Now, in order to achieve contracts. Now, in order to achieve contracts. Now, in order to achieve. That, you have to have consensus and that, you have to have consensus and that, you have to have consensus and. There has to be there has to be there has to be pin to the location of where that. pin to the location of where that pin to the location of where that smart contract exists. Smart contract exists. Smart contract exists. And that's And that's And that's that's one of the reasons why we have to that's one of the reasons why we have to. That's one of the reasons why we have to have the diamond proxy because have the diamond proxy because. Have the diamond proxy because it's great. You can go ahead deploy it's great. You can go ahead deploy. It's great. You can go ahead deploy smart contract, but we quickly run into smart contract, but we quickly run into. Smart contract, but we quickly run into the problem in the web 3 space where say the problem in the web 3 space where say. The problem in the web 3 space where say you have some business logic and you you have some business logic and you. You have some business logic and you deploy it. A month down the road manager deploy it. A month down the road manager. Deploy it. A month down the road manager approaches you and says, "Hey, I would approaches you and says, "Hey, I would. Approaches you and says, "Hey, I would like this functionality changed." like this functionality changed.". Like this functionality changed." Well, in order to do that, you're going Well, in order to do that, you're going. Well, in order to do that, you're going to have to a redeploy to have to a redeploy. To have to a redeploy and b change the pointer of the smart and b change the pointer of the smart. And b change the pointer of the smart contract on chain and tell anybody who's contract on chain and tell anybody who's. Contract on chain and tell anybody who's using your system, okay, don't target using your system, okay, don't target. Using your system, okay, don't target this contract address anymore. Target this contract address anymore. Target. This contract address anymore. Target this one. And so you could have, let's this one. And so you could have, let's. This one. And so you could have, let's say, some kind of layer that say, some kind of layer that. Say, some kind of layer that automatically reroutes all that for you. Automatically reroutes all that for you. Automatically reroutes all that for you. And people were doing that for some And people were doing that for some And people were doing that for some. Time. But time. But time. But what if there was a way to what if there was a way to. What if there was a way to proxy and reroute calls proxy and reroute calls proxy and reroute calls. On the blockchain itself? So how can we on the blockchain itself? So how can we on the blockchain itself? So how can we. Go from something that is intrinsically go from something that is intrinsically go from something that is intrinsically. Immutable immutable immutable to something that is actually mutable? To something that is actually mutable? To something that is actually mutable? And so it seems like a little bit like And so it seems like a little bit like And so it seems like a little bit like. Magic, but it really isn't. And magic, but it really isn't. And magic, but it really isn't. And. Therein lies the beauty of the diamond therein lies the beauty of the diamond therein lies the beauty of the diamond. Proxy is that it is simple yet seems proxy is that it is simple yet seems proxy is that it is simple yet seems. Like magic. With the diamond proxy, what like magic. With the diamond proxy, what. Like magic. With the diamond proxy, what you have is you have several stable you have is you have several stable. You have is you have several stable points points points in me in in the decentralized memory. In me in in the decentralized memory. In me in in the decentralized memory. Those stable points are your proxy and Those stable points are your proxy and Those stable points are your proxy and. Your shared storage layer. Your shared storage layer. Your shared storage layer. As far as a user is concerned, As far as a user is concerned, As far as a user is concerned,. Their interactions are going to target their interactions are going to target their interactions are going to target. The diamond proxy. So let's assume a the diamond proxy. So let's assume a the diamond proxy. So let's assume a. Very simple case. I want to deploy a very simple case. I want to deploy a very simple case. I want to deploy a. Smart contract. What I do is I make sure smart contract. What I do is I make sure. Smart contract. What I do is I make sure the diamond proxy is deployed the diamond proxy is deployed. The diamond proxy is deployed and then I deploy the smart contract not and then I deploy the smart contract not. And then I deploy the smart contract not directly but through a proxy. So the directly but through a proxy. So the. Directly but through a proxy. So the diamond proxy through a function called diamond proxy through a function called. Diamond proxy through a function called diamond cut deploys the smart contract diamond cut deploys the smart contract. Diamond cut deploys the smart contract which we call facet which we call facet which we call facet. And initializes it. And initializes it. And initializes it. When it initializes the facet. In when it initializes the facet. In when it initializes the facet. In. Stellar, we have a macro within our Stellar, we have a macro within our Stellar, we have a macro within our. Source code that allows you to source code that allows you to source code that allows you to. Seamlessly integrate with this diamond seamlessly integrate with this diamond seamlessly integrate with this diamond. Proxy standard on Stellar such that it proxy standard on Stellar such that it proxy standard on Stellar such that it. Injects another stable point in memory, injects another stable point in memory, injects another stable point in memory,. The contract address for the shared the contract address for the shared the contract address for the shared. Storage layer. So whenever a facet is storage layer. So whenever a facet is storage layer. So whenever a facet is. Deployed through the proxy, it gets a deployed through the proxy, it gets a deployed through the proxy, it gets a. Pointer to that shared storage. Pointer to that shared storage. Pointer to that shared storage. What does this mean? This means that What does this mean? This means that What does this mean? This means that. Let's say you deploy a facet and then let's say you deploy a facet and then let's say you deploy a facet and then. You update the logic again. You update the logic again. You update the logic again. Because you have a shared storage layer, Because you have a shared storage layer,. Because you have a shared storage layer, it doesn't matter that you have two it doesn't matter that you have two. It doesn't matter that you have two separate smart contracts. Separate smart contracts. Separate smart contracts. Now facet A and facet B can still access Now facet A and facet B can still access. Now facet A and facet B can still access the data that you had mutated within the. The data that you had mutated within the the data that you had mutated within the. Ledger. That that's that's just great. Ledger. That that's that's just great. Ledger. That that's that's just great. We really want to give people the We really want to give people the We really want to give people the. Opportunity to opportunity to opportunity to have the freedom to change data without. Have the freedom to change data without have the freedom to change data without having to go through the hassle of. Having to go through the hassle of having to go through the hassle of having to deal with the issues that. Having to deal with the issues that having to deal with the issues that exist with the immutability. Exist with the immutability. Exist with the immutability. And in reality, this sort of And in reality, this sort of And in reality, this sort of. Functionality is really what you want functionality is really what you want functionality is really what you want. Anyways because as any developer knows, anyways because as any developer knows, anyways because as any developer knows,. You're never actually truly done with a you're never actually truly done with a you're never actually truly done with a. Program. You can get 95% the way there program. You can get 95% the way there program. You can get 95% the way there. Or 99, but there's always part of you or 99, but there's always part of you or 99, but there's always part of you. That feels like you can always improve that feels like you can always improve that feels like you can always improve. It somehow. You can always do something it somehow. You can always do something it somehow. You can always do something. Else. And indeed in the world of else. And indeed in the world of else. And indeed in the world of. Business, when you have business logic business, when you have business logic business, when you have business logic. And changing business requirements, and changing business requirements, and changing business requirements,. You can't have that immutability when you can't have that immutability when you can't have that immutability when. You're talking about the business logic. You're talking about the business logic. You're talking about the business logic. You have to have breathing room for it You have to have breathing room for it You have to have breathing room for it. To be able to change. To be able to change. To be able to change. And so the diamond proxy standard gives And so the diamond proxy standard gives And so the diamond proxy standard gives. Us the ability to go from a complex us the ability to go from a complex us the ability to go from a complex. Immutable setup to a very immutable setup to a very immutable setup to a very straightforward. Straightforward straightforward approach to approach to approach to maintaining code bases that can be. Maintaining code bases that can be maintaining code bases that can be arbitrarily complex. Arbitrarily complex. Arbitrarily complex. So So So let us consider a facet. We have facet let us consider a facet. We have facet. Let us consider a facet. We have facet here and we want to be able to execute a here and we want to be able to execute a. Here and we want to be able to execute a function. Function. Function. Typically you would just you know using Typically you would just you know using Typically you would just you know using. Sorabon you would invoke a function Sorabon you would invoke a function Sorabon you would invoke a function. Directly on this smart contract which in directly on this smart contract which in. Directly on this smart contract which in this case we're calling facet A. This case we're calling facet A. This case we're calling facet A. But when you're using the diamond proxy But when you're using the diamond proxy But when you're using the diamond proxy. Standard you don't call the function standard you don't call the function standard you don't call the function. Here directly. Here directly. Here directly. Instead what you do is you call the Instead what you do is you call the Instead what you do is you call the. Function through the diamond proxy function through the diamond proxy function through the diamond proxy. And that function which within the and that function which within the and that function which within the. Framework of this the jargon we use is framework of this the jargon we use is framework of this the jargon we use is. Selector function equals selector for selector function equals selector for selector function equals selector for. All intents and purposes. So you may all intents and purposes. So you may all intents and purposes. So you may. Hear that interchangeably when studying hear that interchangeably when studying hear that interchangeably when studying. The diamond proxy pattern. The diamond proxy pattern. The diamond proxy pattern. You run the function through here and You run the function through here and You run the function through here and. The proxy internally the proxy internally the proxy internally looks at a set of selectors and those. Looks at a set of selectors and those looks at a set of selectors and those selectors are associated with a contract. Selectors are associated with a contract selectors are associated with a contract. Address. Address. Address. And because it knows where that contract And because it knows where that contract. And because it knows where that contract exists, it then proxies the call to the exists, it then proxies the call to the. Exists, it then proxies the call to the associated facet, whether that be facet associated facet, whether that be facet. Associated facet, whether that be facet A or facet B. A or facet B. A or facet B. Let's say facet A has two functions Let's say facet A has two functions Let's say facet A has two functions. Alpha and beta alpha and beta alpha and beta and then you want to update function. And then you want to update function and then you want to update function alpha. What you could do is instead of. Alpha. What you could do is instead of alpha. What you could do is instead of redeploying a version of facet A that. redeploying a version of facet A that redeploying a version of facet A that. Just has alpha changed, you could just just has alpha changed, you could just just has alpha changed, you could just. Have a very targeted approach and deploy have a very targeted approach and deploy. Have a very targeted approach and deploy facet B. And facet B is much leaner facet B. And facet B is much leaner. Facet B. And facet B is much leaner because it has just function alpha. Because it has just function alpha. Because it has just function alpha. So the gas costs associated with So the gas costs associated with So the gas costs associated with. Deployment are going to be cheaper. And deployment are going to be cheaper. And deployment are going to be cheaper. And. When you call this, when you call this, when you call this, it's going to get the most recent. It's going to get the most recent it's going to get the most recent version version. Version in the in the in the storage of these selectors. So storage of these selectors. So. Storage of these selectors. So before when you're calling function before when you're calling function. Before when you're calling function alpha, alpha, alpha, it's hitting facet A. But once you. It's hitting facet A. But once you it's hitting facet A. But once you upgrade, you call function alpha, it's. Upgrade, you call function alpha, it's upgrade, you call function alpha, it's going to be routed to facet B. Going to be routed to facet B. Going to be routed to facet B. Now what about function beta? Well, Now what about function beta? Well, Now what about function beta? Well,. Function beta doesn't exist here. We function beta doesn't exist here. We function beta doesn't exist here. We. Deployed only function alpha within deployed only function alpha within deployed only function alpha within. Here. Function beta still exists here. Here. Function beta still exists here. Here. Function beta still exists here. So the diamond proxy will continue to So the diamond proxy will continue to So the diamond proxy will continue to. Route it. Route it. Route it. And so as you could see there is a lot And so as you could see there is a lot And so as you could see there is a lot. Of room for flexibility here. Now if the of room for flexibility here. Now if the. Of room for flexibility here. Now if the developer wants to they could still developer wants to they could still. Developer wants to they could still deploy a version of facet A that has deploy a version of facet A that has. Deploy a version of facet A that has alpha and beta functions and beta alpha and beta functions and beta. Alpha and beta functions and beta doesn't change but alpha does. And that doesn't change but alpha does. And that. Doesn't change but alpha does. And that just means that when we call the just means that when we call the. Just means that when we call the function to the diamond proxy, it's function to the diamond proxy, it's. Function to the diamond proxy, it's almost as if facet just doesn't exist. Almost as if facet just doesn't exist. Almost as if facet just doesn't exist. It's functions are not being called. But It's functions are not being called. But. It's functions are not being called. But that's not to say that if any calls you that's not to say that if any calls you. That's not to say that if any calls you made to facet A in any way mutated the made to facet A in any way mutated the. Made to facet A in any way mutated the information information information that you can't access that mutated. That you can't access that mutated that you can't access that mutated information anymore from facet B. No,. Information anymore from facet B. No, information anymore from facet B. No, you actually still can access that. You actually still can access that you actually still can access that mutated information. So you can imagine. Mutated information. So you can imagine mutated information. So you can imagine a scenario where as time goes on you get. A scenario where as time goes on you get a scenario where as time goes on you get. More and more facets over here to the more and more facets over here to the more and more facets over here to the. Right and right and right and you could have a very complex program if you could have a very complex program if. You could have a very complex program if you wanted to. And going back to the you wanted to. And going back to the. You wanted to. And going back to the analogy of analogy of analogy of object-oriented programming in a class,. Object-oriented programming in a class, object-oriented programming in a class, you could. You could you could even from like a non-upgrading even from like a non-upgrading. Even from like a non-upgrading perspective, you could just deploy perspective, you could just deploy. Perspective, you could just deploy different facets like different modules different facets like different modules. Different facets like different modules of or name spaces within your of or name spaces within your. Of or name spaces within your application to have a strict separation application to have a strict separation. Application to have a strict separation of concerns. Of concerns. Of concerns. So, not only does this allow you to have So, not only does this allow you to have. So, not only does this allow you to have that upgradability, it also allows you that upgradability, it also allows you. That upgradability, it also allows you to have that clear differentiation to have that clear differentiation. To have that clear differentiation between different pieces of logic that between different pieces of logic that. Between different pieces of logic that represents your program. So, from a represents your program. So, from a. Represents your program. So, from a bird's eye view, this helps consolidate bird's eye view, this helps consolidate. Bird's eye view, this helps consolidate your software's architecture. Your software's architecture. Your software's architecture. And not only does it do that, as we just And not only does it do that, as we just. And not only does it do that, as we just discussed, it helps you discussed, it helps you. Discussed, it helps you upgrade something that would otherwise upgrade something that would otherwise. Upgrade something that would otherwise be challenging to upgrade. There's a second part to this that ought There's a second part to this that ought. To be discussed and that is the diamond to be discussed and that is the diamond to be discussed and that is the diamond. Factory. Now the diamond facto's job is factory. Now the diamond facto's job is factory. Now the diamond facto's job is. Just to create a diamond proxy. Just to create a diamond proxy. Just to create a diamond proxy. So So So why would we do that? Why not just why would we do that? Why not just why would we do that? Why not just. Deploy a diamond proxy directly? Well, deploy a diamond proxy directly? Well, deploy a diamond proxy directly? Well,. You could, but there's a little bit of a you could, but there's a little bit of a. You could, but there's a little bit of a setup phase just like how there's a setup phase just like how there's a. Setup phase just like how there's a setup phase with facets. With facets, setup phase with facets. With facets,. Setup phase with facets. With facets, you have an init function which receives you have an init function which receives. You have an init function which receives a pointer to the shared storage. A pointer to the shared storage. A pointer to the shared storage. And similar here with the factory when And similar here with the factory when And similar here with the factory when. It deploys a diamond proxy, it deploys a diamond proxy, it deploys a diamond proxy,. It ensures that the diamond proxy it ensures that the diamond proxy it ensures that the diamond proxy. Has everything it needs to initialize has everything it needs to initialize has everything it needs to initialize. Itself. And so internally, it's going to itself. And so internally, it's going to. Itself. And so internally, it's going to set up that stable pointer to the shared. Set up that stable pointer to the shared set up that stable pointer to the shared. Storage storage storage smart contract. And that there smart contract. And that there. smart contract. And that there abstracts away any setup you really have abstracts away any setup you really have. Abstracts away any setup you really have to do. So as a user, you're going to to do. So as a user, you're going to. To do. So as a user, you're going to yes, you're going to use the diamond yes, you're going to use the diamond. Yes, you're going to use the diamond proxy, but you're going to first start proxy, but you're going to first start. Proxy, but you're going to first start off with the factory. You use the off with the factory. You use the. Off with the factory. You use the factory, deploy the diamond proxy, and factory, deploy the diamond proxy, and. Factory, deploy the diamond proxy, and then once you're at that layer, you then once you're at that layer, you. Then once you're at that layer, you could just go ahead and treat this as could just go ahead and treat this as. Could just go ahead and treat this as normal. You don't have to touch the normal. You don't have to touch the. Normal. You don't have to touch the factory ever again if you wanted to. Or factory ever again if you wanted to. Or. Factory ever again if you wanted to. Or you could use the factory to create you could use the factory to create. You could use the factory to create another diamond proxy and another diamond proxy and. Another diamond proxy and that diamond proxy in turn will have its that diamond proxy in turn will have its. That diamond proxy in turn will have its own shared storage address own shared storage address. Own shared storage address and so on and so forth. You can use the and so on and so forth. You can use the. And so on and so forth. You can use the factory over and over again. As it relates to Sora, there is another As it relates to Sora, there is another feature of this SEP filing and that's. Feature of this SEP filing and that's feature of this SEP filing and that's the storage helper. So typically when. The storage helper. So typically when the storage helper. So typically when we're developing in Sora, we have access. We're developing in Sora, we have access we're developing in Sora, we have access. To three different types of storage. We to three different types of storage. We to three different types of storage. We. Have the persistent storage, we have have the persistent storage, we have have the persistent storage, we have. The instant storage, and finally we have the instant storage, and finally we have. The instant storage, and finally we have the temporary storage. The temporary storage. The temporary storage. And so you would do something like And so you would do something like And so you would do something like. Storage instance.get storage instance.get storage instance.get or something like that. And the same. Or something like that. And the same or something like that. And the same thing for temporary. Thing for temporary. Thing for temporary. Well, I wanted in this to have a very Well, I wanted in this to have a very Well, I wanted in this to have a very. Similar paradigm. So if you wanted to go similar paradigm. So if you wanted to go. Similar paradigm. So if you wanted to go from instance storage to shared instance. From instance storage to shared instance from instance storage to shared instance. Storage, you would do storage.shared storage, you would do storage.shared storage, you would do storage.shared. Shared instance or storage shared instance or storage shared instance or storage shared temporary and so on. Shared temporary and so on. Shared temporary and so on. So it creates a very familiar pattern So it creates a very familiar pattern So it creates a very familiar pattern. For the developer. For the developer. For the developer. There's only a slight difference and There's only a slight difference and There's only a slight difference and. That's that whatever you're putting in that's that whatever you're putting in that's that whatever you're putting in. Whether it be a key or a value because whether it be a key or a value because whether it be a key or a value because. It has to exist within the storage of a it has to exist within the storage of a it has to exist within the storage of a. Diamond proxy to know where the diamond proxy to know where the diamond proxy to know where the. Selectors are and where all the metadata selectors are and where all the metadata. Selectors are and where all the metadata is. Is. Is. It has to be serialized to XDR format It has to be serialized to XDR format It has to be serialized to XDR format. Which as storebound developers know is which as storebound developers know is which as storebound developers know is. The encoding format we use for the encoding format we use for the encoding format we use for. Networking transmission. There's another component to the diamond There's another component to the diamond. Proxy and this is more of a a meta proxy and this is more of a a meta proxy and this is more of a a meta. Feature and that's the feature and that's the feature and that's the loop facet. Now in EVM land they call it. Loop facet. Now in EVM land they call it loop facet. Now in EVM land they call it. A loop facet. It's like a smart contract a loop facet. It's like a smart contract. A loop facet. It's like a smart contract but here it's different. We have it but here it's different. We have it. But here it's different. We have it leveraging Sora's leveraging Sora's leveraging Sora's. inherent capabilities inherent capabilities inherent capabilities and we have it sitting with the diamond. And we have it sitting with the diamond and we have it sitting with the diamond proxy contract itself. So. Proxy contract itself. So proxy contract itself. So if you want to know the address for. If you want to know the address for if you want to know the address for selector alpha,. Selector alpha, selector alpha, it will return to you the address of it will return to you the address of. It will return to you the address of facet A or if you get upgraded then it facet A or if you get upgraded then it. Facet A or if you get upgraded then it would return you the address of facet B. Would return you the address of facet B. Would return you the address of facet B. And so the loop storage allows us to And so the loop storage allows us to And so the loop storage allows us to. Just introspect upon the diamond and it just introspect upon the diamond and it just introspect upon the diamond and it. Also stores the state of the diamond also stores the state of the diamond also stores the state of the diamond. Itself. Itself. Itself. whenever whenever whenever one performs diamond cut which as we one performs diamond cut which as we. One performs diamond cut which as we recall allows us to deploy a facet or recall allows us to deploy a facet or. Recall allows us to deploy a facet or smart contract smart contract smart contract. That will get recorded within the loop that will get recorded within the loop that will get recorded within the loop. Storage. Storage. Storage. Now, did anyone have any questions?  Yeah, there were some questions. If we  Yeah, there were some questions. If we. Go back a little bit, , go back a little bit, , go back a little bit, , let me see. I think there was a question about when I think there was a question about when data is being stored. Oh yeah, say silence asked it sounded Oh yeah, say silence asked it sounded. Like storage isn't written to until like storage isn't written to until like storage isn't written to until. Ledger closes ledger closes ledger closes in this setup in this setup in this setup. If that makes sense. If that makes sense. If that makes sense.  correct. Yeah.  correct. Yeah.  correct. Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah. Let's see what else. Yeah, I think that was what I think Yeah, I think that was what I think Matias had a question too. Matias had a question too. Matias had a question too. I think I think we can continue. I think I think we can continue.  Okay. Yeah. Uber, I don't know if you  Okay. Yeah. Uber, I don't know if you.  Okay. Yeah. Uber, I don't know if you wanted anything to add to this. . Wanted anything to add to this. wanted anything to add to this. but if not, then I'll just move on to. But if not, then I'll just move on to but if not, then I'll just move on to deployment flows. Deployment flows. Deployment flows.  Yeah, let's just  Yeah, let's just  Yeah, let's just No, no, that that was great. Thank you,. No, no, that that was great. Thank you, No, no, that that was great. Thank you, Thomas. Thomas. Thomas. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. So, we've already discussed this a bit, So, we've already discussed this a bit, So, we've already discussed this a bit,. But just to visualize what's going on, but just to visualize what's going on, but just to visualize what's going on,. You start off, you're the user, you want you start off, you're the user, you want. You start off, you're the user, you want to ensure that you have your diamond to ensure that you have your diamond. To ensure that you have your diamond factory. Factory. Factory.  Oh, , sorry to interrupt you, but  Oh, , sorry to interrupt you, but.  Oh, , sorry to interrupt you, but Silence had a question. we had a Silence had a question. we had a. Silence had a question. we had a question that said that question that said that. Question that said that you would access access storage as you would access access storage as. You would access access storage as storage shared. Storage shared. Storage shared.  yeah, you would  yeah, you would  yeah, you would . I look want to see Oh, here we go. I look want to see Oh, here we go. I look want to see Oh, here we go. So we have a pattern here that's pretty So we have a pattern here that's pretty So we have a pattern here that's pretty. Much just like before. So you do env much just like before. So you do env much just like before. So you do env. Shared storage.persistent and I believe shared storage.persistent and I believe shared storage.persistent and I believe. I worded it incorrectly earlier but I worded it incorrectly earlier but I worded it incorrectly earlier but. The idea is that you have just a drop in the idea is that you have just a drop in. The idea is that you have just a drop in replacement. So instead of env replacement. So instead of env. Replacement. So instead of env storage which is what we typically do we storage which is what we typically do we. Storage which is what we typically do we do env.shared storage and then you call do env.shared storage and then you call. Do env.shared storage and then you call persistent persistent persistent or instance or temporary on that handle.  Okay.  Okay. Yep. And other important thing to Yep. And other important thing to Yep. And other important thing to. Consider is that consider is that consider is that when you have access to that persistent. When you have access to that persistent when you have access to that persistent shared storage handle,. Shared storage handle, shared storage handle, you need to make sure that whatever. You need to make sure that whatever you need to make sure that whatever you're putting in has to be serializable. You're putting in has to be serializable you're putting in has to be serializable. To XDR.  Yeah. And then Silus also mentioned that  Yeah. And then Silus also mentioned that. that this would require that this would require that this would require . The end shared storage would require a the end shared storage would require a the end shared storage would require a. Cap. Cap. Cap. So so but this is a a cap proposal as So so but this is a a cap proposal as So so but this is a a cap proposal as. Well, right? Well, right? Well, right? so so so if required we could make one and we've if required we could make one and we've. If required we could make one and we've been told so far that what we have here been told so far that what we have here. Been told so far that what we have here is a starting point is a starting point is a starting point. That shared storage layer yes we're that shared storage layer yes we're that shared storage layer yes we're. Going to need to have it ingrained going to need to have it ingrained going to need to have it ingrained. Within the ecosystem and an within the ecosystem and an within the ecosystem and an. Incrementalist approach does make the incrementalist approach does make the incrementalist approach does make the. Most sense. most sense. most sense. but yes it will require changes to but yes it will require changes to. But yes it will require changes to multiple parts of Sorabon. Multiple parts of Sorabon. Multiple parts of Sorabon.  Okay great.  Okay great.  Okay great.  Yeah. So you have diamond factory and  Yeah. So you have diamond factory and.  Yeah. So you have diamond factory and the factory just creates diamond the factory just creates diamond. The factory just creates diamond proxies. The user calls deploy diamond. Proxies. The user calls deploy diamond. Proxies. The user calls deploy diamond. The factory deploys diamond proxy and The factory deploys diamond proxy and The factory deploys diamond proxy and. Then the proxy goes ahead and it deploys then the proxy goes ahead and it deploys. Then the proxy goes ahead and it deploys the shared storage layer. The shared storage layer. The shared storage layer. So now you have a diamond with no So now you have a diamond with no So now you have a diamond with no. Facets. Facets. Facets. Now you want to add a facet. You want to Now you want to add a facet. You want to. Now you want to add a facet. You want to start start start adding architecture to your software. So. Adding architecture to your software. So adding architecture to your software. So. You go ahead, you call diamond cut. You go ahead, you call diamond cut. You go ahead, you call diamond cut. Diamond cut will deploy the facet Diamond cut will deploy the facet Diamond cut will deploy the facet. And then it will call the init the init and then it will call the init the init and then it will call the init the init. Function on that facet. Function on that facet. Function on that facet. And keep in mind this init function, And keep in mind this init function, And keep in mind this init function,. It's a macro within Rust. So you just it's a macro within Rust. So you just it's a macro within Rust. So you just. Add it right on top of the contract add it right on top of the contract add it right on top of the contract. Imple macro and it will inject the init imple macro and it will inject the init imple macro and it will inject the init. Function for you. That way when diamond function for you. That way when diamond function for you. That way when diamond. Cut is called, it's passing a pointer to cut is called, it's passing a pointer to. Cut is called, it's passing a pointer to this shared storage layer. The next step is after the facets's The next step is after the facets's initialized, we update the selector or. Initialized, we update the selector or initialized, we update the selector or function mapping. That way, whenever. Function mapping. That way, whenever function mapping. That way, whenever somebody attempts to invoke a function,. Somebody attempts to invoke a function, somebody attempts to invoke a function, as we see here next, it will perform a. As we see here next, it will perform a as we see here next, it will perform a lookup within that selector mapping. Lookup within that selector mapping. Lookup within that selector mapping. So, we invoke the contract. After we So, we invoke the contract. After we So, we invoke the contract. After we. Call the function through the proxy, we call the function through the proxy, we call the function through the proxy, we. Might set some storage or get some might set some storage or get some might set some storage or get some. Storage update or delete and then we storage update or delete and then we storage update or delete and then we. Return the result and the result return the result and the result return the result and the result. Has to be XDR encoded has to be XDR encoded has to be XDR encoded and that's is the additional requirement. And that's is the additional requirement and that's is the additional requirement. Which is typical anyways. Which is typical anyways. Which is typical anyways. So you're just adding an additional So you're just adding an additional So you're just adding an additional. Layer and that's why again it's layer and that's why again it's layer and that's why again it's. Considered a proxy. Are there any questions about this Are there any questions about this deployment process and the life cycle of. Deployment process and the life cycle of deployment process and the life cycle of. Working with diamonds? Working with diamonds? Working with diamonds?  So so I think Neil Neil Nish had a  So so I think Neil Neil Nish had a.  So so I think Neil Neil Nish had a question earlier about how would you question earlier about how would you. Question earlier about how would you design an upgradeable contract while design an upgradeable contract while. Design an upgradeable contract while managing storage efficiently. So, Milage managing storage efficiently. So, Milage. Managing storage efficiently. So, Milage I think we address that later on down in. I think we address that later on down in I think we address that later on down in. The presentation, right Thomas? The presentation, right Thomas? The presentation, right Thomas?  Yeah, we do. Yeah.  Yeah, we do. Yeah.  Yeah, we do. Yeah.  And apart from that, how would you design? Usually you have how would you design? Usually you have. To migrate the storage. Similar concern to migrate the storage. Similar concern to migrate the storage. Similar concern. To traditional web two development. Yes. To traditional web two development. Yes. To traditional web two development. Yes. So again, the same question came up So again, the same question came up So again, the same question came up. Again that you know how would you again that you know how would you again that you know how would you. Handle storage? excellent question handle storage? excellent question handle storage? excellent question. Guys and and the the entire intent of guys and and the the entire intent of guys and and the the entire intent of. The diamond proxy standard is that you the diamond proxy standard is that you the diamond proxy standard is that you. Don't have to manage smart contract don't have to manage smart contract don't have to manage smart contract. Storage migration. Storage migration. Storage migration.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah. That's that was also my takeaway.  Great.  Great.  All right. So I go down and I'm just going to So I go down and I'm just going to compare compare. Compare what we have here, the diamond proxy, to what we have here, the diamond proxy, to. What we have here, the diamond proxy, to what already exists in Sorabon. And in what already exists in Sorabon. And in. What already exists in Sorabon. And in general, there are pros and there are general, there are pros and there are. General, there are pros and there are cons. And what one chooses depends on cons. And what one chooses depends on. Cons. And what one chooses depends on what one has as requirements, what one has as requirements,. What one has as requirements, any preferences. So I'll start off with any preferences. So I'll start off with. Any preferences. So I'll start off with the first one which I think we've the first one which I think we've. The first one which I think we've already discussed which is the notion of already discussed which is the notion of. Already discussed which is the notion of granularity granularity granularity the ability for us to be able to. The ability for us to be able to the ability for us to be able to define define define. In very compartmentalized terms or even in very compartmentalized terms or even in very compartmentalized terms or even. Very uncompartmentalized terms very uncompartmentalized terms very uncompartmentalized terms. The design of our software the design of our software the design of our software In. In In Sorabon, if you want to update the smart Sorabon, if you want to update the smart. Sorabon, if you want to update the smart contract, what you have to do is you contract, what you have to do is you. Contract, what you have to do is you have to call a function and that have to call a function and that. Have to call a function and that replaces the entire smart contract. Replaces the entire smart contract. Replaces the entire smart contract. , and for some people that's all , and for some people that's all , and for some people that's all. That's needed. But if you have more that's needed. But if you have more that's needed. But if you have more. Complex requirements, complex requirements, complex requirements, you don't want to deal with the. you don't want to deal with the you don't want to deal with the headaches of let's say migration, which. Headaches of let's say migration, which headaches of let's say migration, which is the next comparison here, then. Is the next comparison here, then is the next comparison here, then you're definitely going to want to use. You're definitely going to want to use you're definitely going to want to use the diamond proxy pattern. The diamond proxy pattern. The diamond proxy pattern. And as discussed, we have that shared And as discussed, we have that shared And as discussed, we have that shared. Storage layer. That shared storage layer storage layer. That shared storage layer. Storage layer. That shared storage layer means that doesn't matter how many times. Means that doesn't matter how many times means that doesn't matter how many times. You upgrade your facets, you upgrade your facets, you upgrade your facets, it's going to always have a pointer to. It's going to always have a pointer to it's going to always have a pointer to that shared storage layer. That shared storage layer. That shared storage layer. And And And with Soraon, you replace a contract, with Soraon, you replace a contract,. With Soraon, you replace a contract, you're going to have to manually manage you're going to have to manually manage. You're going to have to manually manage how you access that data and where how you access that data and where. how you access that data and where that data is going to exist. Those are that data is going to exist. Those are. That data is going to exist. Those are things you have to consider. But with things you have to consider. But with. Things you have to consider. But with the diamond proxy pattern, in Stellar the diamond proxy pattern, in Stellar. The diamond proxy pattern, in Stellar terms, you don't have to worry about terms, you don't have to worry about. Terms, you don't have to worry about that. You can just act like the database that. You can just act like the database. That. You can just act like the database is always there. it's abstracted away. Is always there. it's abstracted away. Is always there. it's abstracted away. the code size limits. Now this typically the code size limits. Now this typically. The code size limits. Now this typically in my opinion in my opinion in my opinion. The benefits to the diamond proxy here the benefits to the diamond proxy here the benefits to the diamond proxy here. In terms of code size limits is that you in terms of code size limits is that you. In terms of code size limits is that you can have a very can have a very can have a very. Small set of code and you could just do small set of code and you could just do small set of code and you could just do. Incremental changes. So you deploy a incremental changes. So you deploy a incremental changes. So you deploy a. Facet and then you deploy another facet facet and then you deploy another facet facet and then you deploy another facet. And you keep things exactly as needed. And you keep things exactly as needed. And you keep things exactly as needed. You could do a monolith. A monolith is You could do a monolith. A monolith is You could do a monolith. A monolith is. Completely acceptable. The diamond proxy completely acceptable. The diamond proxy. Completely acceptable. The diamond proxy can certainly handle that. In Sorabon you're limited by the maximum In Sorabon you're limited by the maximum. Size of the contract code which is size of the contract code which is size of the contract code which is. Fairly large. Fairly large. Fairly large. but with the diamond proxy pattern but with the diamond proxy pattern but with the diamond proxy pattern. Let's say the limit on sorbond is n well let's say the limit on sorbond is n well. Let's say the limit on sorbond is n well then then then your program let's say is 2n what you do. Your program let's say is 2n what you do your program let's say is 2n what you do. Is you have several facets then the is you have several facets then the is you have several facets then the. First facet is of length n in size and first facet is of length n in size and first facet is of length n in size and. Bite code and then the second facet is bite code and then the second facet is bite code and then the second facet is. Also in size of length and of bite code also in size of length and of bite code also in size of length and of bite code. And you have different functions for and you have different functions for and you have different functions for. Both and when you call the diamond proxy both and when you call the diamond proxy. Both and when you call the diamond proxy it's going to proxy it to the right it's going to proxy it to the right. It's going to proxy it to the right smart contract address. So you smart contract address. So you. Smart contract address. So you completely get over that hurdle of completely get over that hurdle of . Completely get over that hurdle of the code size. The code size. The code size. and by proxy you have that same and by proxy you have that same and by proxy you have that same. Principle applying to the method count. Principle applying to the method count. Principle applying to the method count. Now the number is still pretty high for Now the number is still pretty high for Now the number is still pretty high for. Both but nonetheless just imagine both but nonetheless just imagine both but nonetheless just imagine. typical code base that may have typical code base that may have typical code base that may have . Nowadays thousands and thousands of nowadays thousands and thousands of nowadays thousands and thousands of. Functions. Functions. Functions. the diamond and proxy pattern you can the diamond and proxy pattern you can. the diamond and proxy pattern you can go ahead and you could accommodate for go ahead and you could accommodate for. Go ahead and you could accommodate for such and you can have very large such and you can have very large. Such and you can have very large programs. , theoretically, if you programs. , theoretically, if you. Programs. , theoretically, if you wanted to, you could have a diamond wanted to, you could have a diamond. Wanted to, you could have a diamond proxy pointing to proxy pointing to proxy pointing to. Hundreds, if not thousands of facets hundreds, if not thousands of facets hundreds, if not thousands of facets. That in total are gigabytes in size. , that in total are gigabytes in size. ,. That in total are gigabytes in size. , it'd be very interesting it'd be very interesting. It'd be very interesting in terms of a case study to see somebody in terms of a case study to see somebody. In terms of a case study to see somebody go forward with that. And really, the go forward with that. And really, the. Go forward with that. And really, the sky's is the limit there. And I think sky's is the limit there. And I think. Sky's is the limit there. And I think people will do some very creative things people will do some very creative things. People will do some very creative things with this. We've only really just with this. We've only really just. With this. We've only really just touched the surface here. And with the touched the surface here. And with the. Touched the surface here. And with the performance and security and stability performance and security and stability. Performance and security and stability that Rust provides, that Rust provides, that Rust provides,. I really think that in contrast to EVM, I really think that in contrast to EVM, I really think that in contrast to EVM,. We're going to have not only Rust we're going to have not only Rust we're going to have not only Rust. Developers in my opinion are just more developers in my opinion are just more developers in my opinion are just more. Seasons, seasons, seasons, but they pay close attention to the fine but they pay close attention to the fine. But they pay close attention to the fine details. They're very good at what they details. They're very good at what they. Details. They're very good at what they do and that's reflected by seeing how do and that's reflected by seeing how. Do and that's reflected by seeing how elegant Stellar is and the Diamond Proxy elegant Stellar is and the Diamond Proxy. Elegant Stellar is and the Diamond Proxy is complimentary to all of that. It's a is complimentary to all of that. It's a. Is complimentary to all of that. It's a simple and elegant solution which simple and elegant solution which. Simple and elegant solution which opens up the sky for everybody and opens up the sky for everybody and. Opens up the sky for everybody and Stellar it's in its name. I think Stellar it's in its name. I think. Stellar it's in its name. I think Stellar is meant to be married with the Stellar is meant to be married with the. Stellar is meant to be married with the diamond proxy because in a way it's what diamond proxy because in a way it's what. Diamond proxy because in a way it's what allows access to those higher realms so allows access to those higher realms so. Allows access to those higher realms so to speak. To speak. To speak. the other comparison between the two is the other comparison between the two is. The other comparison between the two is modularity and we've already talked modularity and we've already talked. Modularity and we've already talked about this. You can design your about this. You can design your. About this. You can design your software. You could have different software. You could have different. Software. You could have different categories of your business logic in categories of your business logic in. Categories of your business logic in different facets. And you can visualize different facets. And you can visualize. Different facets. And you can visualize it as you have facet A and then you have it as you have facet A and then you have. It as you have facet A and then you have facet A1 which is an upgrade to facet A facet A1 which is an upgrade to facet A. Facet A1 which is an upgrade to facet A and then in parallel you have facet B, and then in parallel you have facet B,. And then in parallel you have facet B, facet B1 and so on and so forth. So you facet B1 and so on and so forth. So you. Facet B1 and so on and so forth. So you could could could independently upgrade these parts and. Independently upgrade these parts and independently upgrade these parts and still. Still still separate the business logic. So it's separate the business logic. So it's. Separate the business logic. So it's clear clear clear you have the ability to through loop. you have the ability to through loop you have the ability to through loop functionality to introspect upon these. Functionality to introspect upon these functionality to introspect upon these functions and the addresses. Functions and the addresses. Functions and the addresses. there's no notion of that directly. there's no notion of that directly. there's no notion of that directly. with a smart contract you can of with a smart contract you can of with a smart contract you can of. Course get the AI course get the AI course get the AI that's different though with. That's different though with that's different though with introspection this is live through. Introspection this is live through introspection this is live through actual transaction calls and keep in. Actual transaction calls and keep in actual transaction calls and keep in mind every time you call diamonds cut. Mind every time you call diamonds cut mind every time you call diamonds cut which is deploying the facet again the. Which is deploying the facet again the which is deploying the facet again the diamond proxy is recording that in. Diamond proxy is recording that in diamond proxy is recording that in storage. So introspection. Storage. So introspection storage. So introspection will just give you that information that. Will just give you that information that will just give you that information that. It's recording. It's recording. It's recording. Okay. So it sounds like everything's Okay. So it sounds like everything's Okay. So it sounds like everything's. Good and all with Diamond Proxy, but as good and all with Diamond Proxy, but as good and all with Diamond Proxy, but as. I mentioned from the very beginning, I mentioned from the very beginning, I mentioned from the very beginning,. There are indeed pros and cons. one there are indeed pros and cons. one there are indeed pros and cons. one. Of the cons is that when you're setting of the cons is that when you're setting of the cons is that when you're setting. Up the diamond proxy, you're also going up the diamond proxy, you're also going up the diamond proxy, you're also going. To set up the diamond factory. and the to set up the diamond factory. and the to set up the diamond factory. and the. Diamond proxy is going to have to set up diamond proxy is going to have to set up. Diamond proxy is going to have to set up shared storage. So, this is really just shared storage. So, this is really just. Shared storage. So, this is really just a one-time thing. So, you have a a one-time thing. So, you have a. A one-time thing. So, you have a constant initial cost constant initial cost constant initial cost. And then you also have costs associated and then you also have costs associated and then you also have costs associated. With deploying a facet. And with deploying a facet. And with deploying a facet. And. If on Sorabon you want to deploy a smart if on Sorabon you want to deploy a smart. If on Sorabon you want to deploy a smart contract, it is direct. But here it is contract, it is direct. But here it is. Contract, it is direct. But here it is indirect because we have to call diamond indirect because we have to call diamond. Indirect because we have to call diamond cut. Diamond cut cut. Diamond cut cut. Diamond cut. Has to has to has to ensure that the bite code exists on the ensure that the bite code exists on the. Ensure that the bite code exists on the blockchain and then it has to run the blockchain and then it has to run the. Blockchain and then it has to run the functions to initialize it and functions to initialize it and. Functions to initialize it and that also includes passing in that that also includes passing in that. That also includes passing in that shared storage address. Shared storage address. Shared storage address. So because of that yes there is not only So because of that yes there is not only. So because of that yes there is not only a constant initial cost but there is a a constant initial cost but there is a. A constant initial cost but there is a constant cost associated as overhead constant cost associated as overhead. Constant cost associated as overhead with each call to diamond cut. With each call to diamond cut. With each call to diamond cut. So on Sorabon you don't really have that So on Sorabon you don't really have that. So on Sorabon you don't really have that issue. It's just a onetoone deployment. Issue. It's just a onetoone deployment. Issue. It's just a onetoone deployment. It's not a one to two or three smart It's not a one to two or three smart It's not a one to two or three smart. Contracts being deployed. it's just contracts being deployed. it's just contracts being deployed. it's just. One to one. And to be clear, that one to one to one. And to be clear, that one to. One to one. And to be clear, that one to multiple deployments only occurs in the multiple deployments only occurs in the. Multiple deployments only occurs in the very beginning when you set up the very beginning when you set up the . Very beginning when you set up the factory and you set up the shared factory and you set up the shared. Factory and you set up the shared storage. But once you have that set up, storage. But once you have that set up,. Storage. But once you have that set up, you don't have to reinitialize the you don't have to reinitialize the. You don't have to reinitialize the shared storage. You just pass a pointer shared storage. You just pass a pointer. Shared storage. You just pass a pointer to it. So really, you're just deploying to it. So really, you're just deploying. To it. So really, you're just deploying the facet smart contract in the direct the facet smart contract in the direct. The facet smart contract in the direct proxy. But but one of the key benefits proxy. But but one of the key benefits. Proxy. But but one of the key benefits of doing it using the diamond factory is of doing it using the diamond factory is. Of doing it using the diamond factory is that let's say you're spinning up that let's say you're spinning up. That let's say you're spinning up something like a something like a something like a. Let's take the example of a dex pool let's take the example of a dex pool let's take the example of a dex pool. Right when you know that you have to right when you know that you have to right when you know that you have to. Have the same contract replicated have the same contract replicated have the same contract replicated. Multiple times. If you're using the multiple times. If you're using the multiple times. If you're using the. Diamond factory, that will reduce your diamond factory, that will reduce your diamond factory, that will reduce your. Overall cost in the long run because overall cost in the long run because overall cost in the long run because. Instead of having to deploy the entire instead of having to deploy the entire instead of having to deploy the entire. Contract from scratch, you're actually contract from scratch, you're actually contract from scratch, you're actually. Calling the diamond factory, which the calling the diamond factory, which the calling the diamond factory, which the. Bite code already exists on chain to bite code already exists on chain to bite code already exists on chain to. Deploy those contracts. Thomas, correct deploy those contracts. Thomas, correct deploy those contracts. Thomas, correct. Me if I'm wrong there.  Yeah. , want me to continue?  Yeah. , want me to continue?  You want there?  You want there?  You want there?  Yeah. No, no. , did I did I not you  Yeah. No, no. , did I did I not you.  Yeah. No, no. , did I did I not you guys not hear me? Guys not hear me? Guys not hear me?  Oh, yeah, we heard you.  Oh, yeah, we heard you.  Oh, yeah, we heard you.  Okay, cool. Yeah, no, go ahead.  We just discussed that there is a bit of  We just discussed that there is a bit of. Complexity and yeah, that does entail complexity and yeah, that does entail complexity and yeah, that does entail. That the transaction costs are going to that the transaction costs are going to that the transaction costs are going to. Be higher be higher be higher , and the costs are going to be lower , and the costs are going to be lower. , and the costs are going to be lower on Sorabon each time. On Sorabon each time. On Sorabon each time. this point the development experience this point the development experience. This point the development experience this this this this really varies this really varies. This really varies in my opinion in my opinion in my opinion there will be an initial higher overhead. There will be an initial higher overhead there will be an initial higher overhead. Simply because you're going to see all simply because you're going to see all simply because you're going to see all. This jargon. What's a facet? What is this jargon. What's a facet? What is this jargon. What's a facet? What is. Loop introspection? What is diamond loop introspection? What is diamond loop introspection? What is diamond. Factory? What's the diamond proxy? What factory? What's the diamond proxy? What factory? What's the diamond proxy? What. Is all of this? Is all of this? Is all of this? And at first it might seem like a fire And at first it might seem like a fire And at first it might seem like a fire. Hose that it's really overwhelming. But hose that it's really overwhelming. But hose that it's really overwhelming. But. If I draw our attention back up here, it's actually really simple. And once it's actually really simple. And once. One goes through the process of using one goes through the process of using one goes through the process of using. This and seeing it in action in code, it this and seeing it in action in code, it. This and seeing it in action in code, it becomes something that is just intuitive. Becomes something that is just intuitive becomes something that is just intuitive. And simple. So there is that initial and simple. So there is that initial and simple. So there is that initial. Hurdle and that is why in the very hurdle and that is why in the very hurdle and that is why in the very. Beginning of this presentation I beginning of this presentation I beginning of this presentation I. Discussed discussed discussed let's set aside the jargon and let's let's set aside the jargon and let's. Let's set aside the jargon and let's talk about this in terms that we're all talk about this in terms that we're all. Talk about this in terms that we're all familiar with the notion that we have a familiar with the notion that we have a. Familiar with the notion that we have a class in object-oriented programming and class in object-oriented programming and. Class in object-oriented programming and we want to be able to mutate it. How can. We want to be able to mutate it. How can we want to be able to mutate it. How can. We do that in web 3 space? So I think we do that in web 3 space? So I think we do that in web 3 space? So I think. Going with that approach when teaching going with that approach when teaching going with that approach when teaching. This to others is you guys will this to others is you guys will this to others is you guys will. Eventually do you guys continue to learn eventually do you guys continue to learn. Eventually do you guys continue to learn more about this and actually apply it. I. More about this and actually apply it. I more about this and actually apply it. I. Think just sticking to a simple analogy think just sticking to a simple analogy think just sticking to a simple analogy. Is the best approach. Less is more is the best approach. Less is more is the best approach. Less is more. Certainly here. it should not be certainly here. it should not be certainly here. it should not be. Something that one overthinks. I know something that one overthinks. I know. Something that one overthinks. I know I certainly did when I first looked at I certainly did when I first looked at. I certainly did when I first looked at this but the end of the day it's fairly this but the end of the day it's fairly. This but the end of the day it's fairly straightforward. and in terms of state sharing again we. And in terms of state sharing again we already discussed this so I think already discussed this so I think. Already discussed this so I think I will omit that one. Are there any I will omit that one. Are there any. I will omit that one. Are there any questions about questions about questions about. The paradigm of the diamond proxy being the paradigm of the diamond proxy being the paradigm of the diamond proxy being. Brought onto Stellar or any brought onto Stellar or any brought onto Stellar or any. Logistical questions? anything we'd be logistical questions? anything we'd be logistical questions? anything we'd be. Happy to answer. Happy to answer. Happy to answer.  Yeah. Matias had some questions about  Yeah. Matias had some questions about.  Yeah. Matias had some questions about large systems built on this that. large systems built on this that large systems built on this that how do you handle DevOps and monitoring. How do you handle DevOps and monitoring how do you handle DevOps and monitoring etc. Etc. Etc.    and yeah he says I'm guessing you would and yeah he says I'm guessing you would. And yeah he says I'm guessing you would also offer at least a tool to handle the also offer at least a tool to handle the. Also offer at least a tool to handle the orchestration. Orchestration. Orchestration. So in terms of DevOps, if you want to be So in terms of DevOps, if you want to be. So in terms of DevOps, if you want to be able to able to able to understand what's happening to let's say. Understand what's happening to let's say understand what's happening to let's say. You have a very complex program and you have a very complex program and you have a very complex program and. Smart contracts may be dynamically smart contracts may be dynamically smart contracts may be dynamically. Deployed based on criteria, deployed based on criteria, deployed based on criteria,. You need to be able to monitor that. And you need to be able to monitor that. And. You need to be able to monitor that. And so that is an excellent question and so that is an excellent question and. So that is an excellent question and that is one of the reasons why we have that is one of the reasons why we have. That is one of the reasons why we have the diamond loop and the diamond loop the diamond loop and the diamond loop. The diamond loop and the diamond loop allows us to introspect. But there's allows us to introspect. But there's. Allows us to introspect. But there's another part to this SCP filing and another part to this SCP filing and. Another part to this SCP filing and that's that when you perform a diamond that's that when you perform a diamond. That's that when you perform a diamond cut events are emitted and with those cut events are emitted and with those. Cut events are emitted and with those emitted events we have built in Rust a emitted events we have built in Rust a. Emitted events we have built in Rust a Stellar indexer that captures these Stellar indexer that captures these. Stellar indexer that captures these events. Events. Events. And so you're wanting to do DevOps, And so you're wanting to do DevOps, And so you're wanting to do DevOps,. You're wanting to make sure okay you're wanting to make sure okay you're wanting to make sure okay. Everything is good. there aren't issues everything is good. there aren't issues everything is good. there aren't issues. And if there are issues we want to see and if there are issues we want to see and if there are issues we want to see. Them right away. You have an indexer them right away. You have an indexer them right away. You have an indexer. Run. You pass the index or the contract run. You pass the index or the contract run. You pass the index or the contract. Address of the diamond which as we know address of the diamond which as we know address of the diamond which as we know. Is a stable address. it's not going to is a stable address. it's not going to is a stable address. it's not going to. Change. Change. Change. And your indexer will then listen to And your indexer will then listen to And your indexer will then listen to. Events and you will have some events and you will have some events and you will have some. Application then that application then that application then that listens to specific types of those. Listens to specific types of those listens to specific types of those events and if certain criteria are met,. Events and if certain criteria are met, events and if certain criteria are met, you can send an alert to pager whatever. You can send an alert to pager whatever you can send an alert to pager whatever software you decide to use. Software you decide to use. Software you decide to use. So really it's through indexing and So really it's through indexing and So really it's through indexing and. Listening and diamond loop functionality listening and diamond loop functionality. Listening and diamond loop functionality as well as listening to just those as well as listening to just those. As well as listening to just those emitted events that we open the door. As emitted events that we open the door. As. Emitted events that we open the door. As for for for do we provide like an actual toolkit. Do we provide like an actual toolkit do we provide like an actual toolkit that allows one to. That allows one to that allows one to monitor their diamond? We don't have monitor their diamond? We don't have. monitor their diamond? We don't have like an actual program to do that. Like an actual program to do that. Like an actual program to do that. We have some components that allow one we have some components that allow one we have some components that allow one. To build towards that. And I think that to build towards that. And I think that to build towards that. And I think that. As a community working towards that as a community working towards that as a community working towards that. Would be a a very important next step would be a a very important next step would be a a very important next step. Because then at that point we open the because then at that point we open the because then at that point we open the. Door to organizations very large ones in door to organizations very large ones in. Door to organizations very large ones in fact that they want to build out complex. Fact that they want to build out complex fact that they want to build out complex. Software. They don't have to worry about software. They don't have to worry about. Software. They don't have to worry about the immutability of blockchain as we the immutability of blockchain as we. The immutability of blockchain as we discussed. they just hop on board and discussed. they just hop on board and. Discussed. they just hop on board and then they already have this open-source then they already have this open-source. Then they already have this open-source toolkit that does all this monitoring toolkit that does all this monitoring. Toolkit that does all this monitoring for them. we it's certainly something for them. we it's certainly something. For them. we it's certainly something that can be done. There are no that can be done. There are no. That can be done. There are no limitations there. Good question. Limitations there. Good question. Limitations there. Good question.  Yeah, there's another question. if  Yeah, there's another question. if.  Yeah, there's another question. if you have a demo app that's built on. You have a demo app that's built on you have a demo app that's built on Stellar that are using this. Stellar that are using this. Stellar that are using this.  Yeah, we do.  Yeah, we do.  Yeah, we do.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Yep. Before we jump into the demo app,  Yep. Before we jump into the demo app,.  Yep. Before we jump into the demo app, Thomas, maybe it would also be good to. Thomas, maybe it would also be good to Thomas, maybe it would also be good to show them the diamond looper that we. Show them the diamond looper that we show them the diamond looper that we built for seller to introspect this and. Built for seller to introspect this and built for seller to introspect this and then jump into the app. Then jump into the app. Then jump into the app.  Oh, , for this presentation as we  Oh, , for this presentation as we.  Oh, , for this presentation as we discussed, we would just go straight. Discussed, we would just go straight discussed, we would just go straight into the, , other app, but we do have. Into the, , other app, but we do have into the, , other app, but we do have a link to repository to show that, and. A link to repository to show that, and a link to repository to show that, and it is getting short on time anyways, so. It is getting short on time anyways, so it is getting short on time anyways, so we will go straight into the app. No. We will go straight into the app. No we will go straight into the app. No worries. Sounds good.  Thomas question by silence there to  Thomas question by silence there to. Say that if you made an app there must say that if you made an app there must say that if you made an app there must. Be a contract to handle shared storage be a contract to handle shared storage be a contract to handle shared storage. Layer correct because he's feels like layer correct because he's feels like layer correct because he's feels like. He's having a fundamental he's having a fundamental he's having a fundamental misunderstanding. Misunderstanding misunderstanding  so you don't even have to worry worry  so you don't even have to worry worry.  so you don't even have to worry worry about the shared storage layer that's. About the shared storage layer that's about the shared storage layer that's abstracted away. It's that if you want. Abstracted away. It's that if you want abstracted away. It's that if you want to access storage in Sorabon, you're not. To access storage in Sorabon, you're not to access storage in Sorabon, you're not. Calling env.persistent. Calling env.persistent. Calling env.persistent. Let's say you're doing env.shared Let's say you're doing env.shared Let's say you're doing env.shared. Storage.persistent. Storage.persistent. Storage.persistent. That's the new pattern. So, it's very That's the new pattern. So, it's very That's the new pattern. So, it's very. Similar. , similar. , similar. , yeah.  Okay, that sounds  Okay, that sounds silence. Once you review it, I think. Silence. Once you review it, I think silence. Once you review it, I think it'll make itself clear once you. It'll make itself clear once you it'll make itself clear once you actually have a peek at the SCP. Actually have a peek at the SCP. Actually have a peek at the SCP. But go on, Thomas. But go on, Thomas. But go on, Thomas.  Yeah. So,  Yeah. So,  Yeah. So, as we're developers, I'm just going to. As we're developers, I'm just going to as we're developers, I'm just going to draw our attention to what this. Draw our attention to what this draw our attention to what this application application. Application looks like from a more programmatic looks like from a more programmatic. Looks like from a more programmatic view. View. View. We have We have We have the diamond factory that we talked the diamond factory that we talked. The diamond factory that we talked about. This is what we use to actually about. This is what we use to actually. About. This is what we use to actually deploy. And we have all these facets deploy. And we have all these facets. Deploy. And we have all these facets that we've deployed. That we've deployed. That we've deployed. And these are going to be used in a way And these are going to be used in a way And these are going to be used in a way. That allows us to keep track of KYC. That allows us to keep track of KYC. That allows us to keep track of KYC. So in this application, So in this application, So in this application, we have a set of compliance rules. So we. We have a set of compliance rules. So we we have a set of compliance rules. So we. Have some have some have some say base requirements that a person say base requirements that a person. Say base requirements that a person identity must pass. they have extended identity must pass. they have extended. Identity must pass. they have extended KYC requirements and then somebody could KYC requirements and then somebody could. KYC requirements and then somebody could come along and say, "Well, hold on. I come along and say, "Well, hold on. I. Come along and say, "Well, hold on. I was just told by some regulatory agency was just told by some regulatory agency. Was just told by some regulatory agency that we need that we need that we need rule. rule rule 54b or something." So, we go ahead, we 54b or something." So, we go ahead, we. 54b or something." So, we go ahead, we add that in. Add that in. Add that in. We have now the set of constraints that We have now the set of constraints that We have now the set of constraints that. One must pass in order to pass KYC one must pass in order to pass KYC one must pass in order to pass KYC. Verification. Verification. Verification. You have You have You have that on the ledger. right now I'm that on the ledger. right now I'm. That on the ledger. right now I'm pointing at says Stellar test net but pointing at says Stellar test net but. Pointing at says Stellar test net but really it's pointing to a local quick really it's pointing to a local quick. Really it's pointing to a local quick start docker image for development start docker image for development. Start docker image for development purposes. you have trusted issuers. you have trusted issuers. In this case, we just have the company In this case, we just have the company In this case, we just have the company. Name and the trusted issuer has an name and the trusted issuer has an name and the trusted issuer has an. Address and they have defined a set of address and they have defined a set of address and they have defined a set of. Compliance rules. And if you look here, compliance rules. And if you look here, compliance rules. And if you look here,. We have these rules we have these rules we have these rules and say want to add rule 54b,. And say want to add rule 54b, and say want to add rule 54b, we can go ahead and do that. We can go ahead and do that. We can go ahead and do that. And we update the trusted issuers's And we update the trusted issuers's And we update the trusted issuers's. Information. And now the trusted issuer manages these And now the trusted issuer manages these. Compliance rules. Compliance rules. Compliance rules. We have We have We have identities. These are individuals. In identities. These are individuals. In. Identities. These are individuals. In this case, several of us on the call, this case, several of us on the call,. This case, several of us on the call, Uber and Sebastian are identities here. Uber and Sebastian are identities here. Uber and Sebastian are identities here. And And And if somebody wants to go through the KYC if somebody wants to go through the KYC. If somebody wants to go through the KYC process, they would come here and they process, they would come here and they. Process, they would come here and they would would would add in information that allows us to. Add in information that allows us to add in information that allows us to keep track of what's going on. So,. Keep track of what's going on. So, keep track of what's going on. So, organization admin, this is called the. Organization admin, this is called the organization admin, this is called the admin portal after all, allows one to. Admin portal after all, allows one to admin portal after all, allows one to keep track of this in a way that. Keep track of this in a way that keep track of this in a way that increases public trust. As far as how. Increases public trust. As far as how increases public trust. As far as how this relates to the diamond proxy, well,. This relates to the diamond proxy, well, this relates to the diamond proxy, well,. You can just imagine a case where we you can just imagine a case where we you can just imagine a case where we. Want to change the data structure. Let's want to change the data structure. Let's. Want to change the data structure. Let's say we want additional columns here in say we want additional columns here in. Say we want additional columns here in the data. If we just had an immutable the data. If we just had an immutable. The data. If we just had an immutable smart contract, we couldn't actually smart contract, we couldn't actually. Smart contract, we couldn't actually just change it. What we would have to do just change it. What we would have to do. Just change it. What we would have to do is several things. we would have to is several things. we would have to. Is several things. we would have to create a new smart contract, redeploy create a new smart contract, redeploy. Create a new smart contract, redeploy it, take all the old data from the first it, take all the old data from the first. It, take all the old data from the first smart contract and copy it over and smart contract and copy it over and. Smart contract and copy it over and that's not fun. But with this approach, that's not fun. But with this approach,. That's not fun. But with this approach, you can go ahead and you can upgrade it you can go ahead and you can upgrade it. You can go ahead and you can upgrade it and it's still going to point to the and it's still going to point to the. And it's still going to point to the same information. Same information. Same information. the only sense of migration really is the only sense of migration really is. the only sense of migration really is just you keeping track of okay just you keeping track of okay. Just you keeping track of okay am I changing the shape of the data am I changing the shape of the data. Am I changing the shape of the data internally in any way and then that internally in any way and then that. Internally in any way and then that comes down to the burden as always is comes down to the burden as always is. Comes down to the burden as always is placed on the developer to consider placed on the developer to consider. Placed on the developer to consider carefully their data structures data carefully their data structures data. Carefully their data structures data structures inform the architecture of structures inform the architecture of. Structures inform the architecture of the overall program the overall program the overall program.  so right So,  so right So,  so right So,  so just wanted to address some questions.  so just wanted to address some questions  so just wanted to address some questions. That came up. , there was a question that came up. , there was a question that came up. , there was a question. By Green here about us validating the by Green here about us validating the by Green here about us validating the. Demand with Stellar developers. U, no, demand with Stellar developers. U, no, demand with Stellar developers. U, no,. We didn't, , we the target audience we didn't, , we the target audience we didn't, , we the target audience. For this wasn't initially the Stellar for this wasn't initially the Stellar for this wasn't initially the Stellar. Developers. We once we actually developers. We once we actually developers. We once we actually. Showcased this to the internal showcased this to the internal showcased this to the internal. Foundation team, they were excited about foundation team, they were excited about. Foundation team, they were excited about it. they wanted us to showcase it to the. It. they wanted us to showcase it to the it. they wanted us to showcase it to the. Development community to be used in development community to be used in development community to be used in. Other Art of Leo tokenization frameworks other Art of Leo tokenization frameworks. Other Art of Leo tokenization frameworks where we did see a significant demand where we did see a significant demand. Where we did see a significant demand for it come from was from asset managers for it come from was from asset managers. For it come from was from asset managers themselves people that were actually if themselves people that were actually if. Themselves people that were actually if you're asking someone to do RWA you're asking someone to do RWA. You're asking someone to do RWA tokenization and you're asking them to tokenization and you're asking them to. Tokenization and you're asking them to transition millions if not billions of transition millions if not billions of. Transition millions if not billions of their assets on chain this is something their assets on chain this is something. Their assets on chain this is something that they felt comfortable getting that they felt comfortable getting. That they felt comfortable getting behind behind behind  and and secondly.  and and secondly  and and secondly  with respect to Nomics ID what Thomas.  with respect to Nomics ID what Thomas  with respect to Nomics ID what Thomas. Just showcased to you is a digital just showcased to you is a digital just showcased to you is a digital. Identity framework. We'll also be filing identity framework. We'll also be filing. Identity framework. We'll also be filing an SCP for that. and creating a an SCP for that. and creating a. An SCP for that. and creating a standard for anomics ID on the Sora standard for anomics ID on the Sora. Standard for anomics ID on the Sora network. What the Nomix ID would allow network. What the Nomix ID would allow. Network. What the Nomix ID would allow you to do is create digital identities you to do is create digital identities. You to do is create digital identities on chain that you can then enforce these on chain that you can then enforce these. On chain that you can then enforce these compliance rules on a token. Compliance rules on a token. Compliance rules on a token.  Just cut off.  Just cut off.  Just cut off.  Oh, hello. Can you hear me?  Oh, hello. Can you hear me?  Oh, hello. Can you hear me?  Oh, yeah. Uber we can't hear you.  Oh, yeah. Uber we can't hear you.  Oh, yeah. Uber we can't hear you.  I can hear you.  I can hear you.  I can hear you.  Oh, okay. U Yeah. So, so what it would  Oh, okay. U Yeah. So, so what it would.  Oh, okay. U Yeah. So, so what it would allow them to do allow them to do. Allow them to do  Yeah. So, so what it would allow you to  Yeah. So, so what it would allow you to.  Yeah. So, so what it would allow you to do is create these digital identities,. Do is create these digital identities, do is create these digital identities, collect the appropriate documentation. Collect the appropriate documentation collect the appropriate documentation that you need against each one of these. That you need against each one of these that you need against each one of these compliance rules that's being set. Compliance rules that's being set compliance rules that's being set against a particular identity, and then. Against a particular identity, and then against a particular identity, and then if you actually we we're running short. If you actually we we're running short if you actually we we're running short on time here, but I'm happy to showcase. On time here, but I'm happy to showcase on time here, but I'm happy to showcase this demo at a later stage. when you. This demo at a later stage. when you this demo at a later stage. when you actually go to create or issue tokens. Actually go to create or issue tokens actually go to create or issue tokens that are part of this diamond proxy. That are part of this diamond proxy that are part of this diamond proxy standard that also include the identity. Standard that also include the identity standard that also include the identity storage as well as the token storage. Storage as well as the token storage storage as well as the token storage itself. You're actually able to. Itself. You're actually able to itself. You're actually able to superimpose individual tokens with. Superimpose individual tokens with superimpose individual tokens with prerequisite compliance rules. So it. Prerequisite compliance rules. So it prerequisite compliance rules. So it gives DeFi it gives DeFi a somewhat. Gives DeFi it gives DeFi a somewhat gives DeFi it gives DeFi a somewhat centralized flavor which is mandated by. Centralized flavor which is mandated by centralized flavor which is mandated by regulators in order to facilitate the. Regulators in order to facilitate the regulators in order to facilitate the transition of RWA onchain. Right. So, so, so to answer your Right. So, so, so to answer your question in a roundabout way, I am. Question in a roundabout way, I am question in a roundabout way, I am green. The entire intent was if we want. Green. The entire intent was if we want green. The entire intent was if we want asset managers that have not interacted. Asset managers that have not interacted asset managers that have not interacted with blockchain technology that are have. With blockchain technology that are have with blockchain technology that are have. No clue about the underlying tech, but no clue about the underlying tech, but no clue about the underlying tech, but. They want to adopt, they want to get on they want to adopt, they want to get on they want to adopt, they want to get on. Board with the tokenization bandwagon board with the tokenization bandwagon board with the tokenization bandwagon. And they want to come into RWAS. Telling and they want to come into RWAS. Telling. And they want to come into RWAS. Telling them that their contracts are actually them that their contracts are actually. Them that their contracts are actually upgradable in a very modular manner upgradable in a very modular manner. Upgradable in a very modular manner gives them peace of mind while still gives them peace of mind while still. Gives them peace of mind while still preserving the audit trail that already preserving the audit trail that already. Preserving the audit trail that already occurred on the previous transactions in occurred on the previous transactions in. Occurred on the previous transactions in the previous iteration of that contract. The previous iteration of that contract. The previous iteration of that contract.  Great. Yeah, I think it makes a lot of  Great. Yeah, I think it makes a lot of.  Great. Yeah, I think it makes a lot of sense. U this this may not be this may. Sense. U this this may not be this may sense. U this this may not be this may not be a good fit for all projects, but. Not be a good fit for all projects, but not be a good fit for all projects, but I think you you had some some good use. I think you you had some some good use I think you you had some some good use cases where where this makes a lot of. Cases where where this makes a lot of cases where where this makes a lot of sense to to to build it this way. Right. Sense to to to build it this way. Right. Sense to to to build it this way. Right. No, it would all be article ways because No, it would all be article ways because. No, it would all be article ways because otherwise you are adding unnecessary otherwise you are adding unnecessary. Otherwise you are adding unnecessary complexity unless you're creating a D5 complexity unless you're creating a D5. Complexity unless you're creating a D5 protocol that you is more experimental protocol that you is more experimental. Protocol that you is more experimental and you're expecting to update it on a and you're expecting to update it on a. And you're expecting to update it on a regular cadence, maybe that would be regular cadence, maybe that would be. Regular cadence, maybe that would be a good fit. But if it's just a a good fit. But if it's just a. A good fit. But if it's just a oneanddone deployment project, yeah, oneanddone deployment project, yeah,. Oneanddone deployment project, yeah, you're better off just doing it the old you're better off just doing it the old. You're better off just doing it the old way. But if you are doing RWAS and if way. But if you are doing RWAS and if. Way. But if you are doing RWAS and if you are trying to win clients in the RWA you are trying to win clients in the RWA. You are trying to win clients in the RWA space, giving those clients this peace space, giving those clients this peace. Space, giving those clients this peace of mind because legislation always of mind because legislation always. Of mind because legislation always trails innovation. There's going to be trails innovation. There's going to be. Trails innovation. There's going to be more legislative rules and policies that more legislative rules and policies that. More legislative rules and policies that are going to come in place that these are going to come in place that these. Are going to come in place that these smart contracts will eventually have to smart contracts will eventually have to. Smart contracts will eventually have to comply with. Comply with. Comply with.  Yeah. Great. I don't know if there's any  Yeah. Great. I don't know if there's any.  Yeah. Great. I don't know if there's any last minute questions before we we end. Last minute questions before we we end last minute questions before we we end here. . Here. here.  yeah, now you get it. My apologies. We  yeah, now you get it. My apologies. We.  yeah, now you get it. My apologies. We should have we should have started with. Should have we should have started with should have we should have started with that shared. The entire purpose of the. That shared. The entire purpose of the that shared. The entire purpose of the shared storage is because if you. Shared storage is because if you shared storage is because if you upgraded a contract and you tell me all. Upgraded a contract and you tell me all upgraded a contract and you tell me all of my historical transaction data is. Of my historical transaction data is of my historical transaction data is gone, the SEC is going to be banging on. Gone, the SEC is going to be banging on gone, the SEC is going to be banging on their doors and it's gi well played. Their doors and it's gi well played. Their doors and it's gi well played. Game over. They will never adopt. This Game over. They will never adopt. This Game over. They will never adopt. This. Is a way to soften the blow for asset is a way to soften the blow for asset is a way to soften the blow for asset. Managers to bring them on check. Managers to bring them on check. Managers to bring them on check.  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  By a whole lot.  By a whole lot.  By a whole lot.  By a whole lot. Yeah. because before  By a whole lot. Yeah. because before.  By a whole lot. Yeah. because before that they didn't even want to talk to. That they didn't even want to talk to that they didn't even want to talk to you. You. You.  , Neil, you say you have a question.  , Neil, you say you have a question.  , Neil, you say you have a question. What is your question? Is it related to What is your question? Is it related to What is your question? Is it related to. The topic here? Yeah, I don't think we have any more yeah, I don't think we have any more questions. Well, oh yeah,. Questions. Well, oh yeah, questions. Well, oh yeah,  learn American language.  learn American language.  learn American language. Okay, Okay, Okay,  it's more of a statement than a  it's more of a statement than a.  it's more of a statement than a question. Question. Question.  Yeah,  Yeah,  Yeah,  I agree 100%. Learn Sorban.  I agree 100%. Learn Sorban.  I agree 100%. Learn Sorban.  Yeah,  Yeah,  Yeah,  great. Thank you so much for joining.  great. Thank you so much for joining  great. Thank you so much for joining. Today. This was super interesting. I today. This was super interesting. I today. This was super interesting. I I. I'm looking forward to see see the I'm looking forward to see see the. I'm looking forward to see see the progress and and see how this will progress and and see how this will. Progress and and see how this will play out. , I think it's it it there's play out. , I think it's it it there's. Play out. , I think it's it it there's definitely some some use cases where I definitely some some use cases where I. Definitely some some use cases where I see this has massive benefits. , so see this has massive benefits. , so. See this has massive benefits. , so yeah, super exciting. Thank you all for yeah, super exciting. Thank you all for. Yeah, super exciting. Thank you all for joining and thank you for everyone joining and thank you for everyone. Joining and thank you for everyone who viewed this live live stream. We'll who viewed this live live stream. We'll. Who viewed this live live stream. We'll be back again next Thursday. Thank you. Be back again next Thursday. Thank you. Be back again next Thursday. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye.  Thanks, guys. And look out for comments  Thanks, guys. And look out for comments.  Thanks, guys. And look out for comments from both Wald and Silence. Thank you. From both Wald and Silence. Thank you from both Wald and Silence. Thank you guys. Guys. Guys.  Thank you. Have a good one, guys. See  Thank you. Have a good one, guys. See.  Thank you. Have a good one, guys. See you. Take care. Bye.
