All right welcome everyone we're all right welcome everyone we're live-streaming this just so that. Live-streaming this just so that live-streaming this just so that everyone knows this is the first ever. Everyone knows this is the first ever everyone knows this is the first ever broadcast of the open protocol. Broadcast of the open protocol broadcast of the open protocol discussion which is a biweekly meeting. Discussion which is a biweekly meeting discussion which is a biweekly meeting in which we discuss and plan for. In which we discuss and plan for in which we discuss and plan for upcoming changes in and improvements to. Upcoming changes in and improvements to upcoming changes in and improvements to the Stuber protocol generally these. The Stuber protocol generally these the Stuber protocol generally these meetings are to review core advancement. Meetings are to review core advancement meetings are to review core advancement proposals also known as caps which. Proposals also known as caps which proposals also known as caps which suggests new features and improvements. Suggests new features and improvements suggests new features and improvements to the protocol. To the protocol to the protocol sometimes we also talk about the process sometimes we also talk about the process. Sometimes we also talk about the process for perfect call improvement and we're for perfect call improvement and we're. For perfect call improvement and we're going to do a little both in this going to do a little both in this. Going to do a little both in this meeting first we'll talk about two caps meeting first we'll talk about two caps. Meeting first we'll talk about two caps and one issue that outline proposed and one issue that outline proposed. And one issue that outline proposed changes those are all for possible changes those are all for possible. Changes those are all for possible inclusion in protocol 14 and then we'll inclusion in protocol 14 and then we'll. Inclusion in protocol 14 and then we'll cover an issue that relates to the cover an issue that relates to the. Cover an issue that relates to the process for the creation accounts process for the creation accounts. Process for the creation accounts finally I'll just touch a little bit on finally I'll just touch a little bit on. Finally I'll just touch a little bit on the process for orchestrating network the process for orchestrating network. The process for orchestrating network upgrades because we've learned a lot upgrades because we've learned a lot. Upgrades because we've learned a lot upgrading to protocol 13 which is has upgrading to protocol 13 which is has. Upgrading to protocol 13 which is has yet to happen so we published some pre yet to happen so we published some pre. Yet to happen so we published some pre reading requirements for this meeting reading requirements for this meeting. Reading requirements for this meeting there in the event description so if there in the event description so if. There in the event description so if you're following along you may want to you're following along you may want to. You're following along you may want to look at those so that you can keep up look at those so that you can keep up. Look at those so that you can keep up and there's also an outline of the and there's also an outline of the. And there's also an outline of the agenda on the left of the screen I agenda on the left of the screen I. Agenda on the left of the screen I believe and without further ado I guess believe and without further ado I guess. Believe and without further ado I guess we'll just jump in I wanted to start we'll just jump in I wanted to start. We'll just jump in I wanted to start this out with a protocol 13 update so this out with a protocol 13 update so. This out with a protocol 13 update so that's the first agenda item basically that's the first agenda item basically. That's the first agenda item basically after surveying the ecosystem we decided after surveying the ecosystem we decided. After surveying the ecosystem we decided to push the upgrade vote two weeks is to push the upgrade vote two weeks is. To push the upgrade vote two weeks is supposed to be today that was gonna be supposed to be today that was gonna be. Supposed to be today that was gonna be June 18th to give people more time to June 18th to give people more time to. June 18th to give people more time to prepare basically most of the Stellar prepare basically most of the Stellar. Prepare basically most of the Stellar based businesses that we talked to are based businesses that we talked to are. Based businesses that we talked to are ready right now but several crypto ready right now but several crypto. Ready right now but several crypto exchanges aren't and we just wanted to exchanges aren't and we just wanted to. Exchanges aren't and we just wanted to give them a little bit more time so they give them a little bit more time so they. Give them a little bit more time so they don't break so that's the protocol 13 don't break so that's the protocol 13. Don't break so that's the protocol 13 update news any questions okay cool update news any questions okay cool. Update news any questions okay cool things that we have to talk about our things that we have to talk about our. Things that we have to talk about our caps that are potentially for a caps that are potentially for a. Caps that are potentially for a potential inclusion and protocol 14 the potential inclusion and protocol 14 the. Potential inclusion and protocol 14 the first is cap 23 to part payments it's first is cap 23 to part payments it's. First is cap 23 to part payments it's been around for a while we've had a lot been around for a while we've had a lot. Been around for a while we've had a lot of discussions about it the current of discussions about it the current. Of discussions about it the current version is pared down from where it version is pared down from where it. Version is pared down from where it started basically it creates a new started basically it creates a new. Started basically it creates a new ledger entry called a claimable balance ledger entry called a claimable balance. Ledger entry called a claimable balance into new operations that allow you to into new operations that allow you to. Into new operations that allow you to create and claim a club level balance create and claim a club level balance. Create and claim a club level balance the idea is to be able to separate the idea is to be able to separate. The idea is to be able to separate sending and receiving of a payment so sending and receiving of a payment so. Sending and receiving of a payment so that you can send a payment to an that you can send a payment to an. That you can send a payment to an account that isn't prepared to receive account that isn't prepared to receive. Account that isn't prepared to receive it cap 23 is there anything else that I it cap 23 is there anything else that I. It cap 23 is there anything else that I mean we talked about this a lot is there mean we talked about this a lot is there. Mean we talked about this a lot is there more discussion that needs to happen more discussion that needs to happen. More discussion that needs to happen about this doesn't want to have any about this doesn't want to have any. About this doesn't want to have any questions comments Jonathan drove do you questions comments Jonathan drove do you. Questions comments Jonathan drove do you feel like you've gotten the feedback you. Feel like you've gotten the feedback you feel like you've gotten the feedback you. Need I think I think we're ready to go I need I think I think we're ready to go I. Need I think I think we're ready to go I think the only outstanding thing here is. Think the only outstanding thing here is think the only outstanding thing here is. That based doing what we decided two that based doing what we decided two that based doing what we decided two. Weeks ago or whatever the last time we weeks ago or whatever the last time we weeks ago or whatever the last time we. Met was I think two weeks ago where this met was I think two weeks ago where this. Met was I think two weeks ago where this isn't in the proposal yet but instead of. Isn't in the proposal yet but instead of isn't in the proposal yet but instead of. Trying to send funds back to you know in trying to send funds back to you know in. Trying to send funds back to you know in basically instead of like trying to do basically instead of like trying to do. Basically instead of like trying to do this thing where it's like oh you try to this thing where it's like oh you try to. This thing where it's like oh you try to send them funds back to the to the send them funds back to the to the. Send them funds back to the to the creator but if you fail you send them to creator but if you fail you send them to. Creator but if you fail you send them to the recipient we're not we're not gonna the recipient we're not we're not gonna. The recipient we're not we're not gonna do that anymore as we decided it's not do that anymore as we decided it's not. Do that anymore as we decided it's not reflected in the proposal yet and reflected in the proposal yet and. Reflected in the proposal yet and instead we're just gonna you know instead we're just gonna you know. Instead we're just gonna you know unreturnable funds go to the feet pool unreturnable funds go to the feet pool. Unreturnable funds go to the feet pool basically we're already working on that basically we're already working on that. Basically we're already working on that in the implementation but the proposal in the implementation but the proposal. In the implementation but the proposal hasn't been updated yet I just wanted to hasn't been updated yet I just wanted to. Hasn't been updated yet I just wanted to mention that but everything else is as mention that but everything else is as. Mention that but everything else is as we agreed I have a question the question we agreed I have a question the question. We agreed I have a question the question is if I wasn't clear to me reading the is if I wasn't clear to me reading the. Is if I wasn't clear to me reading the proposal if the account that's the proposal if the account that's the. Proposal if the account that's the created buyer or weak at 33 becomes the created buyer or weak at 33 becomes the. Created buyer or weak at 33 becomes the sponsor do they always have the sponsor do they always have the. Sponsor do they always have the possibility of claiming back at the possibility of claiming back at the. Possibility of claiming back at the claim or balance or does the creative claim or balance or does the creative. Claim or balance or does the creative the creating account you need to add the creating account you need to add. The creating account you need to add themselves as a claimant to the other themselves as a claimant to the other. Themselves as a claimant to the other claim of I so the the creating claim of I so the the creating. Claim of I so the the creating accountant doesn't have any special accountant doesn't have any special. Accountant doesn't have any special privileges relative to any other account privileges relative to any other account. Privileges relative to any other account it was only there for this bookkeeping it was only there for this bookkeeping. It was only there for this bookkeeping about returning the about return about returning the about return. About returning the about return in reserve but it's not it's not special in reserve but it's not it's not special. In reserve but it's not it's not special in any other way you know if we took the. In any other way you know if we took the in any other way you know if we took the. Approach of like always destroy the approach of like always destroy the approach of like always destroy the. Reserve then we wouldn't even have that reserve then we wouldn't even have that reserve then we wouldn't even have that. Information there one thing I will information there one thing I will information there one thing I will. Mention is like we're not like that mention is like we're not like that mention is like we're not like that. Created by field isn't gonna exist created by field isn't gonna exist created by field isn't gonna exist. Anymore like the cap 33 functionality is anymore like the cap 33 functionality is. Anymore like the cap 33 functionality is going to supplant it so there won't even. Going to supplant it so there won't even going to supplant it so there won't even. It won't even be there anymore it won't it won't even be there anymore it won't it won't even be there anymore it won't. Look special anymore relative to any of look special anymore relative to any of look special anymore relative to any of. The other sponsorship things but no the other sponsorship things but no the other sponsorship things but no. There's nothing special about it does that answer your question me yep does that answer your question me yep. Great okay so if there are no other great okay so if there are no other great okay so if there are no other. Questions the plan here is that I'm questions the plan here is that I'm questions the plan here is that I'm. Going to the the people who are eligible going to the the people who are eligible. Going to the the people who are eligible to vote on moving this into final to vote on moving this into final. To vote on moving this into final comment period will email me by the end comment period will email me by the end. Comment period will email me by the end of the day tomorrow and if this if they of the day tomorrow and if this if they. Of the day tomorrow and if this if they agree to move this into final comment agree to move this into final comment. Agree to move this into final comment period we'll post on a mailing list get period we'll post on a mailing list get. Period we'll post on a mailing list get final comments from anyone out there in final comments from anyone out there in. Final comments from anyone out there in the community and go from there sound the community and go from there sound. The community and go from there sound good good good cool next on the agenda capped 33 also. Cool next on the agenda capped 33 also cool next on the agenda capped 33 also for potential inclusion and protocol 14. For potential inclusion and protocol 14 for potential inclusion and protocol 14 sponsored reserves this proposal allows. Sponsored reserves this proposal allows sponsored reserves this proposal allows an entity to cover the reserve for. An entity to cover the reserve for an entity to cover the reserve for accounts controlled by another party. Accounts controlled by another party accounts controlled by another party without getting that other party control. Without getting that other party control without getting that other party control. To the reserve it basically extends to the reserve it basically extends to the reserve it basically extends. Account and ledger entries so they account and ledger entries so they account and ledger entries so they. Record pertinent information about record pertinent information about record pertinent information about. Sponsorships creates new operations to sponsorships creates new operations to sponsorships creates new operations to. Initiate and terminate sponsorship and initiate and terminate sponsorship and initiate and terminate sponsorship and. Update sponsorship information for update sponsorship information for update sponsorship information for. Existing ledger entries and so the goal existing ledger entries and so the goal existing ledger entries and so the goal. Is to allow people like asset issues and is to allow people like asset issues and. Is to allow people like asset issues and wallets to cover the reserves for users wallets to cover the reserves for users. Wallets to cover the reserves for users this one landed more recently and so I this one landed more recently and so I. This one landed more recently and so I guess my first question is does anyone guess my first question is does anyone. Guess my first question is does anyone have any comments questions or have any comments questions or. Have any comments questions or suggestions about the sort of recent suggestions about the sort of recent. Suggestions about the sort of recent version of this that Jonathan turned in version of this that Jonathan turned in. Version of this that Jonathan turned in I had a question in order to use this I had a question in order to use this. I had a question in order to use this stuff you have to have creation of the stuff you have to have creation of the. Stuff you have to have creation of the sponsor the sponsorship happens by one sponsor the sponsorship happens by one. Sponsor the sponsorship happens by one account and then there's a closing out account and then there's a closing out. Account and then there's a closing out and that happens by the other account and that happens by the other account. And that happens by the other account right to make sure the this thing is right to make sure the this thing is. Right to make sure the this thing is sandwiched properly with angel not sandwiched properly with angel not. Sandwiched properly with angel not supposed to authorize question is how supposed to authorize question is how. Supposed to authorize question is how does it work him like a workflow a kind does it work him like a workflow a kind. Does it work him like a workflow a kind of vibrant like workflow and a great of vibrant like workflow and a great. Of vibrant like workflow and a great Lee's account I was struggling to kind Lee's account I was struggling to kind. Lee's account I was struggling to kind of see in my head what the path was of see in my head what the path was. Of see in my head what the path was because you have to get the the account because you have to get the the account. Because you have to get the the account the two accounts to coordinate with each the two accounts to coordinate with each. The two accounts to coordinate with each other do we have an example of that other do we have an example of that. Other do we have an example of that somewhere what could somebody talk me somewhere what could somebody talk me. Somewhere what could somebody talk me through it enough revived enough revived so that certainly should answer this we. So that certainly should answer this we so that certainly should answer this we might also have more context on this. Might also have more context on this might also have more context on this than me so if you feel comfortable. Than me so if you feel comfortable than me so if you feel comfortable taking this money I would appreciate. Taking this money I would appreciate taking this money I would appreciate that but otherwise I will do it yeah I. That but otherwise I will do it yeah I that but otherwise I will do it yeah I can I can talk about it I actually also. Can I can talk about it I actually also can I can talk about it I actually also have a question about this and a concern. Have a question about this and a concern have a question about this and a concern. About how specifically in the situation about how specifically in the situation about how specifically in the situation. That that Eric brought off by creating that that Eric brought off by creating that that Eric brought off by creating. Accounts but yeah so I think if it was accounts but yeah so I think if it was accounts but yeah so I think if it was. To work how to read in the proposal the to work how to read in the proposal the to work how to read in the proposal the. The client a client on the server would the client a client on the server would the client a client on the server would. Have to be negotiating so the clients have to be negotiating so the clients have to be negotiating so the clients. Gonna make some initial hello that gonna make some initial hello that gonna make some initial hello that. Starts off the process the server's starts off the process the server's starts off the process the server's. Going to create the transaction assign going to create the transaction assign going to create the transaction assign. An account that can use that sequence an account that can use that sequence an account that can use that sequence. Number for the duration of this whole number for the duration of this whole number for the duration of this whole. Handshake the transactions going to have handshake the transactions going to have. Handshake the transactions going to have to be signed by them and passed back to to be signed by them and passed back to. To be signed by them and passed back to the client sigh and and then submitted the client sigh and and then submitted. The client sigh and and then submitted say there is like this back and forth say there is like this back and forth. Say there is like this back and forth negotiation that has to happen the sower negotiation that has to happen the sower. Negotiation that has to happen the sower or the service that's creating and or the service that's creating and. Or the service that's creating and sponsoring create an account and sponsoring create an account and. Sponsoring create an account and sponsoring it can't do it on its own does that answer your question Eric yeah. Does that answer your question Eric yeah I guess so although I start having more I guess so although I start having more. I guess so although I start having more questions then like what happens if the questions then like what happens if the. Questions then like what happens if the account doesn't exist just fine so do account doesn't exist just fine so do. Account doesn't exist just fine so do you think it would make sense to explain you think it would make sense to explain. You think it would make sense to explain this in a non normative section of the this in a non normative section of the. This in a non normative section of the document I think we actually need a new document I think we actually need a new. Document I think we actually need a new set for this and it's very analogous to set for this and it's very analogous to. Set for this and it's very analogous to what set 8 is to cap 18 basically how what set 8 is to cap 18 basically how. What set 8 is to cap 18 basically how does how do you actually do to the does how do you actually do to the. Does how do you actually do to the negotiation off chain and then before negotiation off chain and then before. Negotiation off chain and then before you submit to the network so I would I you submit to the network so I would I. You submit to the network so I would I think that Lee because you guys are think that Lee because you guys are. Think that Lee because you guys are gonna be probably one of the first gonna be probably one of the first. Gonna be probably one of the first implementers of this it would be great implementers of this it would be great. Implementers of this it would be great to have you guys figure out what makes to have you guys figure out what makes. To have you guys figure out what makes sense to you and then inform the rest of sense to you and then inform the rest of. Sense to you and then inform the rest of the ecosystem or ask for comments yes I the ecosystem or ask for comments yes I. The ecosystem or ask for comments yes I think so I actually have a concern with think so I actually have a concern with. Think so I actually have a concern with this so my understanding of why we have this so my understanding of why we have. This so my understanding of why we have that second that's that last transact so that second that's that last transact so. That second that's that last transact so their last operation to confirm and their last operation to confirm and. Their last operation to confirm and close it out he's close it out he's close it out he's. We made what we want we see value in the we made what we want we see value in the. We made what we want we see value in the account that's being sponsored account that's being sponsored. Account that's being sponsored confirming that they actually are okay confirming that they actually are okay. Confirming that they actually are okay with being sponsored and I think a with being sponsored and I think a. With being sponsored and I think a problem with that so I think that works problem with that so I think that works. Problem with that so I think that works for a lot of cases where the account for a lot of cases where the account. For a lot of cases where the account being sponsored can be the account where being sponsored can be the account where. Being sponsored can be the account where the sequence number is coming from but the sequence number is coming from but. The sequence number is coming from but for the create account operation I think for the create account operation I think. For the create account operation I think this is going to be really difficult at this is going to be really difficult at. This is going to be really difficult at scale because the the service the scale because the the service the. Scale because the the service the sponsor is going to have to lock up an sponsor is going to have to lock up an. Sponsor is going to have to lock up an account with a sequence number during account with a sequence number during. Account with a sequence number during that process of that negotiation and I that process of that negotiation and I. That process of that negotiation and I think that's gonna be I think that's think that's gonna be I think that's. Think that's gonna be I think that's going to be problematic enough that this going to be problematic enough that this. Going to be problematic enough that this way that could prevent this from scaling. Way that could prevent this from scaling way that could prevent this from scaling. And we really want this to work and we really want this to work and we really want this to work. Sponsorship to work at a significant sponsorship to work at a significant sponsorship to work at a significant. Scale because it's primarily for an scale because it's primarily for an scale because it's primarily for an. Enterprise that's going to be sponsoring enterprise that's going to be sponsoring. Enterprise that's going to be sponsoring lots of accounts so I'm wondering if lots of accounts so I'm wondering if. Lots of accounts so I'm wondering if like if we're putting too much value on like if we're putting too much value on. Like if we're putting too much value on what this soul's what this soul's what this soul's. Want the problem of the souls and if want the problem of the souls and if want the problem of the souls and if. This will create a larger problem yeah this will create a larger problem yeah this will create a larger problem yeah. That's a good question I mean there's that's a good question I mean there's that's a good question I mean there's. There's definitely like this this is not there's definitely like this this is not. There's definitely like this this is not the only sequence number provision the only sequence number provision. The only sequence number provision problem in in the world of Stellar for problem in in the world of Stellar for. Problem in in the world of Stellar for sure and I think I think given the like sure and I think I think given the like. Sure and I think I think given the like you know fee bump improvements that are you know fee bump improvements that are. You know fee bump improvements that are coming in protocol 13 this is kind of a coming in protocol 13 this is kind of a. Coming in protocol 13 this is kind of a step backwards in that regard for this step backwards in that regard for this. Step backwards in that regard for this particular issue I am a pretty strong particular issue I am a pretty strong. Particular issue I am a pretty strong believer that there are a lot of believer that there are a lot of. Believer that there are a lot of advantages to making this like double advantages to making this like double. Advantages to making this like double signature requirement I mean like I signature requirement I mean like I. Signature requirement I mean like I think we're gonna be here for months think we're gonna be here for months. Think we're gonna be here for months otherwise just in the sense of like me otherwise just in the sense of like me. Otherwise just in the sense of like me going through and just like making sure going through and just like making sure. Going through and just like making sure that everything is still going to work that everything is still going to work. That everything is still going to work and doing sanity checks on everything and doing sanity checks on everything. And doing sanity checks on everything because it weakens the because it weakens the. Because it weakens the backwards-compatibility constraints a backwards-compatibility constraints a. Backwards-compatibility constraints a lot lot lot that being said like David was at our. That being said like David was at our that being said like David was at our last meeting talking about I think you. Last meeting talking about I think you last meeting talking about I think you actually sent an email about this which. Actually sent an email about this which actually sent an email about this which I'm going to confess to not having read. I'm going to confess to not having read I'm going to confess to not having read as good as I feel have read it it's not. As good as I feel have read it it's not as good as I feel have read it it's not the startup mailing list I can I can. The startup mailing list I can I can the startup mailing list I can I can post a link to it somewhere else if you. Post a link to it somewhere else if you post a link to it somewhere else if you want yeah. Want yeah want yeah review it after this now because it's review it after this now because it's. Review it after this now because it's seeming more relevant and I wanted to seeming more relevant and I wanted to. Seeming more relevant and I wanted to start by saying like whatever I'm about start by saying like whatever I'm about. Start by saying like whatever I'm about to say is like definitely not gonna to say is like definitely not gonna. To say is like definitely not gonna happen in protocol 14 no matter what happen in protocol 14 no matter what. Happen in protocol 14 no matter what because there's just no there's no time because there's just no there's no time. Because there's just no there's no time but like as a longer-term solution like but like as a longer-term solution like. But like as a longer-term solution like providing some other kind of mechanism providing some other kind of mechanism. Providing some other kind of mechanism to avoid this need to you know manage to avoid this need to you know manage. To avoid this need to you know manage sequence numbers for all sorts of random sequence numbers for all sorts of random. Sequence numbers for all sorts of random stuff that that could be the long-term stuff that that could be the long-term. Stuff that that could be the long-term solution to this kind of problem you solution to this kind of problem you. Solution to this kind of problem you know using something like a hash know using something like a hash. Know using something like a hash preimage or something else that you know preimage or something else that you know. Preimage or something else that you know to do it Mike I think that that's like to do it Mike I think that that's like. To do it Mike I think that that's like the calm that was the concept right the calm that was the concept right. The calm that was the concept right David like some other kind of David like some other kind of. David like some other kind of authorization thing actually it was authorization thing actually it was. Authorization thing actually it was basically saying that you can sign an basically saying that you can sign an. Basically saying that you can sign an operation and then that up you don't operation and then that up you don't. Operation and then that up you don't have to sign the transaction someone can have to sign the transaction someone can. Have to sign the transaction someone can use the transaction he someone can use the transaction he someone can. Use the transaction he someone can include that operation in a transaction include that operation in a transaction. Include that operation in a transaction and it will not increase the signature and it will not increase the signature. And it will not increase the signature requirements on the transaction envelope requirements on the transaction envelope. Requirements on the transaction envelope oh so that that would allow you to sign oh so that that would allow you to sign. Oh so that that would allow you to sign the transaction envelope at a later time the transaction envelope at a later time. The transaction envelope at a later time basically once you've already tripped basically once you've already tripped. Basically once you've already tripped like at a time when you can choose the like at a time when you can choose the. Like at a time when you can choose the sequence number right like basically sequence number right like basically. Sequence number right like basically let's say I want to allow you to add a let's say I want to allow you to add a. Let's say I want to allow you to add a particular trust line to my account or I particular trust line to my account or I. Particular trust line to my account or I want to allow you to authorize a want to allow you to authorize a. Want to allow you to authorize a particular trust line on an account I particular trust line on an account I. Particular trust line on an account I can just sign that one operation and can just sign that one operation and. Can just sign that one operation and give it you and you can include that give it you and you can include that. Give it you and you can include that operation in whatever transaction you operation in whatever transaction you. Operation in whatever transaction you want yeah that's an interesting idea want yeah that's an interesting idea. Want yeah that's an interesting idea that would that would mitigate this that would that would mitigate this. That would that would mitigate this problem I mean I'm kind of I'm kind of problem I mean I'm kind of I'm kind of. Problem I mean I'm kind of I'm kind of like I'm kind of like backing out on like I'm kind of like backing out on. Like I'm kind of like backing out on this basically and look I don't have a this basically and look I don't have a. This basically and look I don't have a good way to avoid this problem today good way to avoid this problem today. Good way to avoid this problem today given this design and my stance is kind given this design and my stance is kind. Given this design and my stance is kind of like the merits of this design of like the merits of this design. Of like the merits of this design warrant searching for another way to warrant searching for another way to. Warrant searching for another way to avoid this problem which is like a avoid this problem which is like a. Avoid this problem which is like a general-purpose teller problem anyway general-purpose teller problem anyway. General-purpose teller problem anyway you know trying to solve it for this you know trying to solve it for this. You know trying to solve it for this specific issue isn't gonna solve it for specific issue isn't gonna solve it for. Specific issue isn't gonna solve it for some future issue where we're going to some future issue where we're going to. Some future issue where we're going to encounter the exact same thing and they encounter the exact same thing and they. Encounter the exact same thing and they need to engineer some solution for that need to engineer some solution for that. Need to engineer some solution for that as well and to be clear the problem as well and to be clear the problem. As well and to be clear the problem arises specifically with the create arises specifically with the create. Arises specifically with the create account operation correct yeah yeah and account operation correct yeah yeah and. Account operation correct yeah yeah and it specifically arises there just it specifically arises there just. It specifically arises there just because the sequence number is being because the sequence number is being. Because the sequence number is being locked up by another party so you know locked up by another party so you know. Locked up by another party so you know most the time most the time most the time when you're creating accounts right now. When you're creating accounts right now when you're creating accounts right now it's not such an issue because the. It's not such an issue because the it's not such an issue because the service loss of the sequence number for. Service loss of the sequence number for service loss of the sequence number for it for the time it needs it to be locked. It for the time it needs it to be locked it for the time it needs it to be locked. Up for but this is gonna be looked up up for but this is gonna be looked up up for but this is gonna be looked up. For the time requires to party to for the time requires to party to for the time requires to party to. Negotiate yeah I mean one approach you negotiate yeah I mean one approach you negotiate yeah I mean one approach you. Could kind of take it's basically the could kind of take it's basically the could kind of take it's basically the. Stance that like you need to do stance that like you need to do stance that like you need to do. Basically you set some time limit on how basically you set some time limit on how. Basically you set some time limit on how long this negotiation can take you know long this negotiation can take you know. Long this negotiation can take you know this off chain communication you say this off chain communication you say. This off chain communication you say like basically like hey I'm unless you like basically like hey I'm unless you. Like basically like hey I'm unless you take like up to one minute to sort this take like up to one minute to sort this. Take like up to one minute to sort this out with my server and otherwise you out with my server and otherwise you. Out with my server and otherwise you have to like reinitiate this with me at have to like reinitiate this with me at. Have to like reinitiate this with me at some later time and in that time again some later time and in that time again. Some later time and in that time again you'll have one minute and then this you'll have one minute and then this. You'll have one minute and then this could allow you to use like a small pool could allow you to use like a small pool. Could allow you to use like a small pool of accounts you know you only need to of accounts you know you only need to. Of accounts you know you only need to maintain one minutes worth of accounts maintain one minutes worth of accounts. Maintain one minutes worth of accounts basically to use a sequence numbers basically to use a sequence numbers. Basically to use a sequence numbers obviously it's not amazing solutionn obviously it's not amazing solutionn. Obviously it's not amazing solutionn it's not elegant it comes back to the it's not elegant it comes back to the. It's not elegant it comes back to the channel problem again channel problem again. Channel problem again sounds like a minutes worth of accounts sounds like a minutes worth of accounts. Sounds like a minutes worth of accounts for a high through but service is a lot for a high through but service is a lot. For a high through but service is a lot of accounts agreed well I'm not so sure of accounts agreed well I'm not so sure. Of accounts agreed well I'm not so sure I mean signups are typically a very I mean signups are typically a very. I mean signups are typically a very small fraction of what happens on a small fraction of what happens on a. Small fraction of what happens on a service and so that's I think when you service and so that's I think when you. Service and so that's I think when you do create account I guess maybe you do do create account I guess maybe you do. Do create account I guess maybe you do create account during escrow operations create account during escrow operations. Create account during escrow operations as well so I'll make it might make a as well so I'll make it might make a. As well so I'll make it might make a trickier but I don't know my take is trickier but I don't know my take is. Trickier but I don't know my take is like the you're probably gonna have to like the you're probably gonna have to. Like the you're probably gonna have to build a channel system anyway with build a channel system anyway with. Build a channel system anyway with things the way they are and so sure this things the way they are and so sure this. Things the way they are and so sure this maybe means that you need a hundred maybe means that you need a hundred. Maybe means that you need a hundred channel accounts rather than ten but channel accounts rather than ten but. Channel accounts rather than ten but it's it's not really fundamentally it's it's not really fundamentally. It's it's not really fundamentally changing the situation maybe that's a changing the situation maybe that's a. Changing the situation maybe that's a really optimistic I don't know yeah I really optimistic I don't know yeah I. Really optimistic I don't know yeah I think think think think where I can see the challenges is. Think where I can see the challenges is think where I can see the challenges is just in typically at least how I know by. Just in typically at least how I know by just in typically at least how I know by. We have implemented this before is you we have implemented this before is you we have implemented this before is you. Take a channel account you lock it for take a channel account you lock it for take a channel account you lock it for. Some pre different you lock it for some some pre different you lock it for some some pre different you lock it for some. Predefined operation that you're gonna predefined operation that you're gonna predefined operation that you're gonna. Run in code so just becomes more complex run in code so just becomes more complex. Run in code so just becomes more complex to say okay I'm gonna lock that based to say okay I'm gonna lock that based. To say okay I'm gonna lock that based off someone else's actions and or some off someone else's actions and or some. Off someone else's actions and or some timeout timeout timeout yeah I agree it's it's just building on. Yeah I agree it's it's just building on yeah I agree it's it's just building on existing complex in here so yeah it's. Existing complex in here so yeah it's existing complex in here so yeah it's not really new complexity also I think. Not really new complexity also I think not really new complexity also I think the the timeouts are in the same order. The the timeouts are in the same order the the timeouts are in the same order of magnitude right like we're talking at. Of magnitude right like we're talking at of magnitude right like we're talking at. Terra transaction typically valid for Terra transaction typically valid for Terra transaction typically valid for. Like let's say a minute like let's say a minute like let's say a minute I would don't imagine you would go you. I would don't imagine you would go you I would don't imagine you would go you know longer than that for those. Know longer than that for those know longer than that for those interactive things anyways I mean not. Interactive things anyways I mean not interactive things anyways I mean not know inter don't directly I mean it's. Know inter don't directly I mean it's know inter don't directly I mean it's really just you're physically passing. Really just you're physically passing really just you're physically passing this to the client they kind signs it. This to the client they kind signs it this to the client they kind signs it and you know I know that it's probably. And you know I know that it's probably and you know I know that it's probably the same thing that's what I imagine I. Think this is a good opportunity for us think this is a good opportunity for us at the SDF to put some open-source. At the SDF to put some open-source at the SDF to put some open-source example of how to actually achieve. Example of how to actually achieve example of how to actually achieve something like this in a you know in a. Something like this in a you know in a something like this in a you know in a fairly high throughput manner and like. Fairly high throughput manner and like fairly high throughput manner and like John said I think that this specific. John said I think that this specific John said I think that this specific problem doesn't actually relate to cap. Problem doesn't actually relate to cap problem doesn't actually relate to cap 33 it's more of a general store problem. 33 it's more of a general store problem 33 it's more of a general store problem so maybe trying to solve for this right. So maybe trying to solve for this right so maybe trying to solve for this right now. Now now is counterproductive I mean on the other is counterproductive I mean on the other. Is counterproductive I mean on the other hand it would be nice to at least commit. Hand it would be nice to at least commit hand it would be nice to at least commit. To some way of solving it you know like to some way of solving it you know like to some way of solving it you know like. If there's an assay you know this is if there's an assay you know this is if there's an assay you know this is. Gonna be a problem and what we do is we gonna be a problem and what we do is we gonna be a problem and what we do is we. Approve cap 33 and then you know approve cap 33 and then you know approve cap 33 and then you know. Followed by six months of discussing followed by six months of discussing followed by six months of discussing. Which of like four approaches should we which of like four approaches should we which of like four approaches should we. Take to solve this problem that that take to solve this problem that that take to solve this problem that that. Could be an issue I don't think so I could be an issue I don't think so I could be an issue I don't think so I. Think there are also you know like we think there are also you know like we think there are also you know like we. Have to solve it in general like it's have to solve it in general like it's have to solve it in general like it's. Not just for for that particular not just for for that particular not just for for that particular. Operation right like you won't even like operation right like you won't even like. Operation right like you won't even like a paycheck a paycheck a paycheck 18 you need some way of doing that. 18 you need some way of doing that 18 you need some way of doing that efficiently I guess happy yeah then. Efficiently I guess happy yeah then efficiently I guess happy yeah then maybe they should be disgusting. Maybe they should be disgusting maybe they should be disgusting maybe there should be just a short non. Maybe there should be just a short non maybe there should be just a short non normative section of the cap that. Normative section of the cap that normative section of the cap that discusses the need for some kind of. Discusses the need for some kind of discusses the need for some kind of mechanism and then subsequently caps can. Mechanism and then subsequently caps can mechanism and then subsequently caps can. Cite this you know will sort of provide cite this you know will sort of provide cite this you know will sort of provide. Ammunition to get whatever a solution ammunition to get whatever a solution ammunition to get whatever a solution. Would come up with over the line later would come up with over the line later would come up with over the line later. On yeah I think that's great now I'll on yeah I think that's great now I'll on yeah I think that's great now I'll. Add that after this meeting or sometime add that after this meeting or sometime add that after this meeting or sometime. Later this week just a little discussion later this week just a little discussion. Later this week just a little discussion about how this is like it's an annoying about how this is like it's an annoying. About how this is like it's an annoying source of complexity it's probably worth source of complexity it's probably worth. Source of complexity it's probably worth it nonetheless and it's just a it nonetheless and it's just a. It nonetheless and it's just a manifestation of a bigger problem that manifestation of a bigger problem that. Manifestation of a bigger problem that we're fighting all the time and then we're fighting all the time and then. We're fighting all the time and then that and then the plan would be to that and then the plan would be to. That and then the plan would be to create some sort of group to solve this create some sort of group to solve this. Create some sort of group to solve this larger problem like a working group but larger problem like a working group but. Larger problem like a working group but but from what I understand this cap cap but from what I understand this cap cap. But from what I understand this cap cap 33 we could move on to final comment 33 we could move on to final comment. 33 we could move on to final comment period because it seems like there's not period because it seems like there's not. Period because it seems like there's not a way to do it that doesn't encounter a way to do it that doesn't encounter. A way to do it that doesn't encounter this larger issue is that correct yeah I this larger issue is that correct yeah I. This larger issue is that correct yeah I mean my stance that would be like it if mean my stance that would be like it if. Mean my stance that would be like it if you avoid this issue you'll find a you avoid this issue you'll find a. You avoid this issue you'll find a difference like we'll find the other difference like we'll find the other. Difference like we'll find the other issues that were problems with cap 31 issues that were problems with cap 31. Issues that were problems with cap 31 which we rejected in favor of this so which we rejected in favor of this so. Which we rejected in favor of this so it's like you can't avoid both sets of it's like you can't avoid both sets of. It's like you can't avoid both sets of problems you have to pick which one you problems you have to pick which one you. Problems you have to pick which one you want want want I'm picked this one this set of problems. I'm picked this one this set of problems I'm picked this one this set of problems. Only from the perspective that like only from the perspective that like only from the perspective that like. They're problems that are they're problems that are they're problems that are general-purpose manifestations not not. General-purpose manifestations not not general-purpose manifestations not not single purpose and I think that the. Single purpose and I think that the single purpose and I think that the other benefits are better is on top of. Other benefits are better is on top of other benefits are better is on top of that but John you think you can add this. That but John you think you can add this that but John you think you can add this. Language before final comment period language before final comment period language before final comment period. Yeah I mean like we make modifications yeah I mean like we make modifications. Yeah I mean like we make modifications to these during implementation also and to these during implementation also and. To these during implementation also and then we're going to the implementation then we're going to the implementation. Then we're going to the implementation period so yeah I mean I'll add the period so yeah I mean I'll add the. Period so yeah I mean I'll add the language and it'll be there during the language and it'll be there during the. Language and it'll be there during the final comment period for sure so you'll final comment period for sure so you'll. Final comment period for sure so you'll add it and then we'll vote okay John add it and then we'll vote okay John. Add it and then we'll vote okay John when John's added it I'll I'll submit it when John's added it I'll I'll submit it. When John's added it I'll I'll submit it to to eligible parties to vote on and to to eligible parties to vote on and. To to eligible parties to vote on and then we can see and if it it basically then we can see and if it it basically. Then we can see and if it it basically if people are like no we don't think if people are like no we don't think. If people are like no we don't think it's ready we can bring it back in the it's ready we can bring it back in the. It's ready we can bring it back in the next meeting but if people look at it next meeting but if people look at it. Next meeting but if people look at it and decide that it is we can go ahead and decide that it is we can go ahead. And decide that it is we can go ahead and fold it into final comment period and fold it into final comment period. And fold it into final comment period and open it up for final comments cool I and open it up for final comments cool I. And open it up for final comments cool I had one other question had one other question. Had one other question other operations you said other other operations you said other. Other operations you said other operations will make it semantics and operations will make it semantics and. Operations will make it semantics and what its behave correctly proposal what its behave correctly proposal. What its behave correctly proposal that's Spencer that might include I'm that's Spencer that might include I'm. That's Spencer that might include I'm having a little trouble hearing you Eric having a little trouble hearing you Eric. Having a little trouble hearing you Eric can you say that one more time can you say that one more time. Can you say that one more time yeah the other operations need updated yeah the other operations need updated. Yeah the other operations need updated semantics in order to behave correctly semantics in order to behave correctly. Semantics in order to behave correctly can you just give like a high-level view can you just give like a high-level view. Can you just give like a high-level view of what that might include is that of what that might include is that. Of what that might include is that something we need to worry about it's something we need to worry about it's. Something we need to worry about it's not something that we need to worry not something that we need to worry. Not something that we need to worry about well it's something that I'm I'm about well it's something that I'm I'm. About well it's something that I'm I'm already worrying about I'm working on it already worrying about I'm working on it. Already worrying about I'm working on it I was working on it right before this I was working on it right before this. I was working on it right before this meeting actually but basically but like meeting actually but basically but like. Meeting actually but basically but like what's kind of what kind of needs to be what's kind of what kind of needs to be. What's kind of what kind of needs to be done is like everywhere where we do like done is like everywhere where we do like. Done is like everywhere where we do like a where we change the like account a where we change the like account. A where we change the like account numbers of entries field we now need to numbers of entries field we now need to. Numbers of entries field we now need to do it we now need additional logic to do it we now need additional logic to. Do it we now need additional logic to say like hey like what's the response say like hey like what's the response. Say like hey like what's the response err oh if there wasn't and then do what err oh if there wasn't and then do what. Err oh if there wasn't and then do what we used to do if there was then we have we used to do if there was then we have. We used to do if there was then we have to do all this other stuff like oh like to do all this other stuff like oh like. To do all this other stuff like oh like check the sponsoring account still check the sponsoring account still. Check the sponsoring account still exists it doesn't have to still exist exists it doesn't have to still exist. Exists it doesn't have to still exist for example so like that's a new failure for example so like that's a new failure. For example so like that's a new failure mode I haven't worked out the precise mode I haven't worked out the precise. Mode I haven't worked out the precise details on this because it's like I need details on this because it's like I need. Details on this because it's like I need to kind of go to the implementation and to kind of go to the implementation and. To kind of go to the implementation and see what's gonna work and that's why see what's gonna work and that's why. See what's gonna work and that's why it's kind of very nebulous in the it's kind of very nebulous in the. It's kind of very nebulous in the proposal but the kind of consequences proposal but the kind of consequences. Proposal but the kind of consequences you're gonna be like potentially a few you're gonna be like potentially a few. You're gonna be like potentially a few new failure modes that are only possible new failure modes that are only possible. New failure modes that are only possible with sponsorships and and basically just. With sponsorships and and basically just with sponsorships and and basically just. Just new code for me to write but every just new code for me to write but every just new code for me to write but every. Other perspective everything will kind other perspective everything will kind other perspective everything will kind. Of just like work the same like when a of just like work the same like when a of just like work the same like when a. Create account works it'll just work and create account works it'll just work and. Create account works it'll just work and you won't really be able to tell the you won't really be able to tell the. You won't really be able to tell the difference other than some sponsorship difference other than some sponsorship. Difference other than some sponsorship the information will have changed okay the information will have changed okay. The information will have changed okay so it sounds like most this is internal so it sounds like most this is internal. So it sounds like most this is internal to the implementation but we might see to the implementation but we might see. To the implementation but we might see some new error codes yeah and like that some new error codes yeah and like that. Some new error codes yeah and like that those kinds of changes are where like those kinds of changes are where like. Those kinds of changes are where like like we have like the ledger entry like we have like the ledger entry. Like we have like the ledger entry extension v1 and the account entry extension v1 and the account entry. Extension v1 and the account entry extension v2 those changes are where extension v2 those changes are where. Extension v2 those changes are where those things will we will be ma will be those things will we will be ma will be. Those things will we will be ma will be maintained so you know that that's maintained so you know that that's. Maintained so you know that that's pretty much what it comes down to okay is there anything else there. Is there anything else there to talk about in relation to cap 33 well to talk about in relation to cap 33 well. To talk about in relation to cap 33 well I feel like the plan right now is John I feel like the plan right now is John. I feel like the plan right now is John gets back to work that's this extra gets back to work that's this extra. Gets back to work that's this extra session you send it out and see if it session you send it out and see if it. Session you send it out and see if it gets voted in final comically but I gets voted in final comically but I. Gets voted in final comically but I don't want to close it if there's still don't want to close it if there's still. Don't want to close it if there's still questions just want to say that it's a questions just want to say that it's a. Questions just want to say that it's a great cap John much better than cap 31 I great cap John much better than cap 31 I. Great cap John much better than cap 31 I think I really like the whole moving think I really like the whole moving. Think I really like the whole moving things to the off chain logic really things to the off chain logic really. Things to the off chain logic really nice cover I appreciate that nice cover I appreciate that. Nice cover I appreciate that    great well then we will move on to the. Great well then we will move on to the great well then we will move on to the next item on the agenda that's issues. Next item on the agenda that's issues next item on the agenda that's issues 622 which is about changing the. 622 which is about changing the 622 which is about changing the application of clothes fine basically it. Application of clothes fine basically it application of clothes fine basically it. Changes the clothes time for a changes the clothes time for a changes the clothes time for a. Transaction so it's set for the ledger transaction so it's set for the ledger transaction so it's set for the ledger. After the transaction gets a bike after the transaction gets a bike after the transaction gets a bike. Because right now in a bank transaction because right now in a bank transaction because right now in a bank transaction. We use the clothes time decided during we use the clothes time decided during we use the clothes time decided during. Consensus and that can create issues for consensus and that can create issues for. Consensus and that can create issues for the transaction gets accepted but into a. The transaction gets accepted but into a the transaction gets accepted but into a. Ledger but fails later I think this is ledger but fails later I think this is ledger but fails later I think this is. Just a just an optimization does anyone just a just an optimization does anyone just a just an optimization does anyone. Have any issues with it does it feel have any issues with it does it feel have any issues with it does it feel. Like something that should be worked on like something that should be worked on like something that should be worked on. For protocol 14 yeah it's an annoyance for protocol 14 yeah it's an annoyance for protocol 14 yeah it's an annoyance. Basically false about contracts and we basically false about contracts and we basically false about contracts and we. Are kind of hanging out those things are kind of hanging out those things are kind of hanging out those things. Over time this is a small small item so over time this is a small small item so over time this is a small small item so. That's why well yeah I'm not sure I'm that's why well yeah I'm not sure I'm that's why well yeah I'm not sure I'm. Not sure I understand the issue right not sure I understand the issue right not sure I understand the issue right. Now who decides the time that's now who decides the time that's now who decides the time that's. Evaluated against time balance it is not evaluated against time balance it is not. Evaluated against time balance it is not about deciding the time this is about about deciding the time this is about. About deciding the time this is about all we reason about the time from a all we reason about the time from a. All we reason about the time from a transaction ready DT point of view transaction ready DT point of view. Transaction ready DT point of view because of time balance right okay so because of time balance right okay so. Because of time balance right okay so time downs are you know we look at we time downs are you know we look at we. Time downs are you know we look at we compare it to the to the to some time compare it to the to the to some time. Compare it to the to the to some time right right and right now we use the right right and right now we use the. Right right and right now we use the time that were this tidy during the time that were this tidy during the. Time that were this tidy during the consensus round right and this is wrong consensus round right and this is wrong. Consensus round right and this is wrong and so in the wait time you're proposing and so in the wait time you're proposing. And so in the wait time you're proposing is to use the time from the previous is to use the time from the previous. Is to use the time from the previous ledger because the time from the previous because the time from the previous. Ledger was already decided when you were ledger was already decided when you were. Ledger was already decided when you were checking for validity of the checking for validity of the. Checking for validity of the transactions when they were submitted I transactions when they were submitted I. Transactions when they were submitted I mean this seems somewhat dangerous this mean this seems somewhat dangerous this. Mean this seems somewhat dangerous this means like if there's an outage it's means like if there's an outage it's. Means like if there's an outage it's possible that we can apply a transaction possible that we can apply a transaction. Possible that we can apply a transaction that's like an hour old or something that's like an hour old or something. That's like an hour old or something yeah that's yes and the first time make yeah that's yes and the first time make. Yeah that's yes and the first time make also jump by an hour right so there's no also jump by an hour right so there's no. Also jump by an hour right so there's no like with we have to decide I mean this like with we have to decide I mean this. Like with we have to decide I mean this is not a you know that's just the way is not a you know that's just the way. Is not a you know that's just the way they know you have to make a trade-off they know you have to make a trade-off. They know you have to make a trade-off you know what happens you have an outage you know what happens you have an outage. You know what happens you have an outage which transactions you want to reject I which transactions you want to reject I. Which transactions you want to reject I guess so guess so guess so like let's say that like we have an. Like let's say that like we have an like let's say that like we have an option where I have a transaction that I. Option where I have a transaction that I option where I have a transaction that I. Can submit that will trade X for Y or can submit that will trade X for Y or can submit that will trade X for Y or. Something right and since I don't know something right and since I don't know something right and since I don't know. The value of x and y in an hour you know the value of x and y in an hour you know. The value of x and y in an hour you know like we agreed on this now so now I like we agreed on this now so now I. Like we agreed on this now so now I could theoretically you know toss the could theoretically you know toss the. Could theoretically you know toss the network and get like a free option to network and get like a free option to. Network and get like a free option to you know basically make my decision with you know basically make my decision with. You know basically make my decision with an extra hours worth of information I an extra hours worth of information I. An extra hours worth of information I mean obviously the alternative is and mean obviously the alternative is and. Mean obviously the alternative is and that's a lot harder is to remove those that's a lot harder is to remove those. That's a lot harder is to remove those transactions from the transaction set transactions from the transaction set. Transactions from the transaction set and the things that we cannot do that and the things that we cannot do that. And the things that we cannot do that right now we have no way of doing this right. Right consensus is still running like he can't consensus is still running like he can't. Consensus is still running like he can't change the transaction set I mean I do. Change the transaction set I mean I do change the transaction set I mean I do. See other ways of doing this and I see other ways of doing this and I see other ways of doing this and I. Haven't you know haven't thought deeply haven't you know haven't thought deeply haven't you know haven't thought deeply. About this but just you know so another about this but just you know so another about this but just you know so another. Thing if you do is for example when you thing if you do is for example when you thing if you do is for example when you. Nominate a transaction set it could have nominate a transaction set it could have. Nominate a transaction set it could have some expiration time or something and some expiration time or something and. Some expiration time or something and then but that's not your fist okay you then but that's not your fist okay you. Then but that's not your fist okay you know bit based on or you could kind of know bit based on or you could kind of. Know bit based on or you could kind of like I'm not saying that you you would like I'm not saying that you you would. Like I'm not saying that you you would have you would look at very DG based on have you would look at very DG based on. Have you would look at very DG based on unlike some heuristic on the on the time unlike some heuristic on the on the time. Unlike some heuristic on the on the time stand awesome another saying like you stand awesome another saying like you. Stand awesome another saying like you know currently we sort of take the know currently we sort of take the. Know currently we sort of take the largest transaction set when we're sort largest transaction set when we're sort. Largest transaction set when we're sort of combining multiple nominated values of combining multiple nominated values. Of combining multiple nominated values and now maybe we could take the the and now maybe we could take the the. And now maybe we could take the the largest transactions or the the largest transactions or the the. Largest transactions or the the transaction set with like the most transaction set with like the most. Transaction set with like the most number of unexpired transactions or number of unexpired transactions or. Number of unexpired transactions or something but you still end up with some something but you still end up with some. Something but you still end up with some expired transactions right that's the expired transactions right that's the. Expired transactions right that's the issue here is that those guys what do issue here is that those guys what do. Issue here is that those guys what do you do with them because it is basically you do with them because it is basically. You do with them because it is basically the the I guess the reason we have this the the I guess the reason we have this. The the I guess the reason we have this problem is the close time and problem is the close time and. Problem is the close time and transaction set are kind of decided transaction set are kind of decided. Transaction set are kind of decided separately could we could we modify our separately could we could we modify our. Separately could we could we modify our validity checks to like I'm specifically validity checks to like I'm specifically. Validity checks to like I'm specifically thinking about David's like one-hour thinking about David's like one-hour. Thinking about David's like one-hour window thing that he was talking about window thing that he was talking about. Window thing that he was talking about so this is still under the assumption so this is still under the assumption. So this is still under the assumption that we're gonna make the change that we're gonna make the change. That we're gonna make the change described in 622 but could we modify the described in 622 but could we modify the. Described in 622 but could we modify the validity check such that you won't vote validity check such that you won't vote. Validity check such that you won't vote for anything if you're not Byzantine for anything if you're not Byzantine. For anything if you're not Byzantine that is in basically it's like that is in basically it's like. That is in basically it's like transactions time bounds are checked transactions time bounds are checked. Transactions time bounds are checked both using the last closed time and the both using the last closed time and the. Both using the last closed time and the current time because then it's like you current time because then it's like you. Current time because then it's like you wouldn't vote for something from an hour wouldn't vote for something from an hour. Wouldn't vote for something from an hour ago because it wouldn't have been valid ago because it wouldn't have been valid. Ago because it wouldn't have been valid using your current timestamp it has to using your current timestamp it has to. Using your current timestamp it has to meet those conditions to work there's meet those conditions to work there's. Meet those conditions to work there's the only vertical level change it's not the only vertical level change it's not. The only vertical level change it's not that you only if you do that you only that you only if you do that you only. That you only if you do that you only reduce the chance of having a bad time reduce the chance of having a bad time. Reduce the chance of having a bad time stamp we don't make you don't eliminate stamp we don't make you don't eliminate. Stamp we don't make you don't eliminate it and and so that the main I mean it's it and and so that the main I mean it's. It and and so that the main I mean it's the main issue here just that we have the main issue here just that we have. The main issue here just that we have garbage in in the set of transactions garbage in in the set of transactions. Garbage in in the set of transactions that we can't charge right yeah right that we can't charge right yeah right. That we can't charge right yeah right now no it's not gathered I mean it's a now no it's not gathered I mean it's a. Now no it's not gathered I mean it's a it's more like that we end up with it's more like that we end up with. It's more like that we end up with transactions that are accepted for you transactions that are accepted for you. Transactions that are accepted for you know during consensus but because they know during consensus but because they. Know during consensus but because they are now I graduated against a different are now I graduated against a different. Are now I graduated against a different time stamped and the one from you know time stamped and the one from you know. Time stamped and the one from you know when they were when they were when they were. Nominated did now becoming valid so now nominated did now becoming valid so now nominated did now becoming valid so now. You have like those smart contracts you have like those smart contracts you have like those smart contracts. Potentially getting dust right where if potentially getting dust right where if potentially getting dust right where if. I if I because you know they are valid I if I because you know they are valid I if I because you know they are valid. When consensus starts and now now when consensus starts and now now when consensus starts and now now. Invalid during consensus and yeah they invalid during consensus and yeah they invalid during consensus and yeah they. Are failed transactions and they will are failed transactions and they will are failed transactions and they will. Consume that account number and now consume that account number and now consume that account number and now. Maybe that smart contract is that way maybe that smart contract is that way maybe that smart contract is that way. They don't consume sequence number the they don't consume sequence number the they don't consume sequence number the. Bug is but 622 that's what the core of bug is but 622 that's what the core of bug is but 622 that's what the core of. The problem is because you know we have the problem is because you know we have the problem is because you know we have. The invariant that anything that gets the invariant that anything that gets the invariant that anything that gets. Into the ledger we're going to guarantee into the ledger we're going to guarantee. Into the ledger we're going to guarantee we're gonna we're gonna take the fee and. We're gonna we're gonna take the fee and we're gonna we're gonna take the fee and. We're gonna take the sequence number and we're gonna take the sequence number and. We're gonna take the sequence number and so did that's the thing that we're so did that's the thing that we're. So did that's the thing that we're betting law wants to combat here is you betting law wants to combat here is you. Betting law wants to combat here is you know getting your your smart contract know getting your your smart contract. Know getting your your smart contract broken by one of these like boundary broken by one of these like boundary. Broken by one of these like boundary case time stamps well this is another case time stamps well this is another. Case time stamps well this is another way to solve this would be say way to solve this would be say. Way to solve this would be say authenticated operations so I feel like authenticated operations so I feel like. Authenticated operations so I feel like there are other things that know why you there are other things that know why you. There are other things that know why you think that know how this has nothing to think that know how this has nothing to. Think that know how this has nothing to do with the authenticated operations do with the authenticated operations. Do with the authenticated operations this is time stamps this is time stamps this is time stamps. Well the authenticated operation gets well the authenticated operation gets well the authenticated operation gets. Rid of the problem of consuming sequence rid of the problem of consuming sequence. Rid of the problem of consuming sequence numbers it the part of the part of the numbers it the part of the part of the. Numbers it the part of the part of the problem here is how brittle a lot of problem here is how brittle a lot of. Problem here is how brittle a lot of these protocols are because of like these protocols are because of like. These protocols are because of like sequence numbers right so the issue that sequence numbers right so the issue that. Sequence numbers right so the issue that sometimes don't work right so like sometimes don't work right so like. Sometimes don't work right so like you're saying like yet you could fix you're saying like yet you could fix. You're saying like yet you could fix certain smart contracts by using like certain smart contracts by using like. Certain smart contracts by using like those you know this new you know like those you know this new you know like. Those you know this new you know like basically use a different sequence basically use a different sequence. Basically use a different sequence number basically from you know a number basically from you know a. Number basically from you know a different account you offload the different account you offload the. Different account you offload the sequence number some you know live sequence number some you know live. Sequence number some you know live account basically but yeah that's not account basically but yeah that's not. Account basically but yeah that's not what we are talking about we are talking what we are talking about we are talking. What we are talking about we are talking about you know sequence numbers in about you know sequence numbers in. About you know sequence numbers in general like today we do see do like general like today we do see do like. General like today we do see do like once in a while Ledger's will failed once in a while Ledger's will failed. Once in a while Ledger's will failed time time time you know in the in the set of trade. You know in the in the set of trade you know in the in the set of trade transactions I understand but I'm saying. Transactions I understand but I'm saying transactions I understand but I'm saying. That the the one of the arguments in that the the one of the arguments in that the the one of the arguments in. Favor of this is that right now there favor of this is that right now there favor of this is that right now there. Are annoying situations that break are annoying situations that break are annoying situations that break. Certain protocols because a sequence certain protocols because a sequence certain protocols because a sequence. Number gets consumed by a transaction number gets consumed by a transaction number gets consumed by a transaction. With an invalid time bounds and I'm with an invalid time bounds and I'm with an invalid time bounds and I'm. Saying that well because of CAF 33 saying that well because of CAF 33 saying that well because of CAF 33. You've already said there's a need for you've already said there's a need for you've already said there's a need for. Something and and one of the ways to do something and and one of the ways to do something and and one of the ways to do. That something would be the that something would be the that something would be the. Authenticated transaction with the authenticated transaction with the authenticated transaction with the. Authenticate operations not saying that authenticate operations not saying that authenticate operations not saying that. That's the right solution but it just so that's the right solution but it just so. That's the right solution but it just so happens that authenticated operations happens that authenticated operations. Happens that authenticated operations also solve this problem all right no it also solve this problem all right no it. Also solve this problem all right no it cannot hold it right like like you're cannot hold it right like like you're. Cannot hold it right like like you're saying that no smart contract would ever saying that no smart contract would ever. Saying that no smart contract would ever rely on on a time bound or something rely on on a time bound or something. Rely on on a time bound or something like it yes no smart contract that like it yes no smart contract that. Like it yes no smart contract that ideally smart contracts would not rely ideally smart contracts would not rely. Ideally smart contracts would not rely on sequence numbers in a way that breaks on sequence numbers in a way that breaks. On sequence numbers in a way that breaks if the sequence number gets consumed by if the sequence number gets consumed by. If the sequence number gets consumed by an invalid transaction that doesn't an invalid transaction that doesn't. An invalid transaction that doesn't sound that plausible to me actually sound that plausible to me actually. Sound that plausible to me actually because on Elections because on Elections because on Elections. If you do that right not only that but if you do that right not only that but if you do that right not only that but. You can't you can't do the bump sequence you can't you can't do the bump sequence. You can't you can't do the bump sequence trick without that and you can because trick without that and you can because. Trick without that and you can because of the way I mean at least though I'm of the way I mean at least though I'm. Of the way I mean at least though I'm not saying this is the right answer but not saying this is the right answer but. Not saying this is the right answer but it's an existence proof that you can do it's an existence proof that you can do. It's an existence proof that you can do this right because of the way that this right because of the way that. This right because of the way that because the because the authenticated because the because the authenticated. Because the because the authenticated operations can depend on there being operations can depend on there being. Operations can depend on there being some other operation in the transaction some other operation in the transaction. Some other operation in the transaction that other operation can be a pump that other operation can be a pump. That other operation can be a pump sequence right so we've got existing sequence right so we've got existing. Sequence right so we've got existing smart contracts like what about ones who smart contracts like what about ones who. Smart contracts like what about ones who already have this problem then they'll already have this problem then they'll. Already have this problem then they'll have a have a have a different problem if we do 622 Oh like. Different problem if we do 622 Oh like different problem if we do 622 Oh like only a line the only reason you would. Only a line the only reason you would only a line the only reason you would have a problem is the DOS situation if. Have a problem is the DOS situation if have a problem is the DOS situation if you have like those funny time windows. You have like those funny time windows you have like those funny time windows normally it's more like starting from a. Normally it's more like starting from a normally it's more like starting from a certain date this is valid you know. Certain date this is valid you know certain date this is valid you know expiration you know if you have an. Expiration you know if you have an expiration you know if you have an expiration and you don't write around. Expiration and you don't write around expiration and you don't write around the expiration time I can see that this. The expiration time I can see that this the expiration time I can see that this is a problem regardless right we have. Is a problem regardless right we have is a problem regardless right we have this is not a sole thing like well you. This is not a sole thing like well you this is not a sole thing like well you basically rely on the fact that the. Basically rely on the fact that the basically rely on the fact that the network has a semi accurate time right. But in the event of a dirty not accurate but in the event of a dirty not accurate. It's going to be off by some number look it's going to be off by some number look. It's going to be off by some number look I think that you know there's a problem I think that you know there's a problem. I think that you know there's a problem here I think that if you were to write here I think that if you were to write. Here I think that if you were to write up like a requirements list my suspicion up like a requirements list my suspicion. Up like a requirements list my suspicion is that I could you know propose some is that I could you know propose some. Is that I could you know propose some alternative that doesn't look like the alternative that doesn't look like the. Alternative that doesn't look like the proposal here whether that's better or proposal here whether that's better or. Proposal here whether that's better or not I don't know but I think it would not I don't know but I think it would. Not I don't know but I think it would probably be worth considering multiple probably be worth considering multiple. Probably be worth considering multiple approaches based on a kind of specific approaches based on a kind of specific. Approaches based on a kind of specific kind of like a slightly more detailed kind of like a slightly more detailed. Kind of like a slightly more detailed description of the problem and like what description of the problem and like what. Description of the problem and like what we're trying to achieve does anyone we're trying to achieve does anyone. We're trying to achieve does anyone object to taking that course basically object to taking that course basically. Object to taking that course basically writing up a requirements list and writing up a requirements list and. Writing up a requirements list and getting David an opportunity to come up getting David an opportunity to come up. Getting David an opportunity to come up with an alternative solution that's fine with an alternative solution that's fine. With an alternative solution that's fine it doesn't have to be like you know I'm it doesn't have to be like you know I'm. It doesn't have to be like you know I'm not trying to create a lot of make work not trying to create a lot of make work. Not trying to create a lot of make work here like you could just be you know a here like you could just be you know a. Here like you could just be you know a couple simple examples of what what couple simple examples of what what. Couple simple examples of what what we're trying to you know scenarios that we're trying to you know scenarios that. We're trying to you know scenarios that were tranqued where we're trying to were tranqued where we're trying to. Were tranqued where we're trying to avoid a problem but I think honestly avoid a problem but I think honestly. Avoid a problem but I think honestly that it would be it'd be good to think that it would be it'd be good to think. That it would be it'd be good to think about it a little more just from the about it a little more just from the. About it a little more just from the perspective that like I want to try to perspective that like I want to try to. Perspective that like I want to try to understand that that da scenario well understand that that da scenario well. Understand that that da scenario well like is it a problem or does it just like is it a problem or does it just. Like is it a problem or does it just sound like a problem I'm not I'm not sound like a problem I'm not I'm not. Sound like a problem I'm not I'm not sure that it's action sure that it's action sure that it's action. A problem but I'm also not sure that a problem but I'm also not sure that a problem but I'm also not sure that. It's actually not a problem it's a big it's actually not a problem it's a big it's actually not a problem it's a big. Existential question so like I think existential question so like I think existential question so like I think. It's worth looking at least a little it's worth looking at least a little it's worth looking at least a little. Deeper about this and making sure we deeper about this and making sure we deeper about this and making sure we. Know what we're doing I think we're also know what we're doing I think we're also. Know what we're doing I think we're also talking about that type of scenario is talking about that type of scenario is. Talking about that type of scenario is quite a bit already on the mailing list quite a bit already on the mailing list. Quite a bit already on the mailing list I think because David had this other I think because David had this other. I think because David had this other change to the timing bounce to remember change to the timing bounce to remember. Change to the timing bounce to remember David like that was like what yoga at David like that was like what yoga at. David like that was like what yoga at this point I remember we went back and this point I remember we went back and. This point I remember we went back and problem on time bonds that's basically problem on time bonds that's basically. Problem on time bonds that's basically is what ended up being replaced by cap is what ended up being replaced by cap. Is what ended up being replaced by cap 23 I think but in that proposal he had 23 I think but in that proposal he had. 23 I think but in that proposal he had some interesting new time bones right I some interesting new time bones right I. Some interesting new time bones right I had like preconditions I think but there had like preconditions I think but there. Had like preconditions I think but there were some discussions around like those were some discussions around like those. Were some discussions around like those type of things like what happens when type of things like what happens when. Type of things like what happens when you when you're like an attacker delays you when you're like an attacker delays. You when you're like an attacker delays the network you know what other type of the network you know what other type of. The network you know what other type of properties you are trying to get here properties you are trying to get here. Properties you are trying to get here and maybe the issue is that we don't and maybe the issue is that we don't. And maybe the issue is that we don't fully right now we don't have basically fully right now we don't have basically. Fully right now we don't have basically a written statement on what we expect a written statement on what we expect. A written statement on what we expect smart contracts developers to do when smart contracts developers to do when. Smart contracts developers to do when you have this type of attacks I think you have this type of attacks I think. You have this type of attacks I think that's made it just you know one of the that's made it just you know one of the. That's made it just you know one of the other things that we need to think about other things that we need to think about. Other things that we need to think about here yeah so yeah it basically what I'm saying. so yeah it basically what I'm saying is before someone invests the time to is before someone invests the time to. Is before someone invests the time to like write a whole cap for this let's like write a whole cap for this let's. Like write a whole cap for this let's just like get some requirements down and just like get some requirements down and. Just like get some requirements down and just you know at a subsequent meeting just you know at a subsequent meeting. Just you know at a subsequent meeting just talk through like whatever just talk through like whatever. Just talk through like whatever approaches people have and come up with approaches people have and come up with. Approaches people have and come up with an approach we think it's like the best an approach we think it's like the best. An approach we think it's like the best approach because there may be there may approach because there may be there may. Approach because there may be there may be other approaches maybe not maybe I'm be other approaches maybe not maybe I'm. Be other approaches maybe not maybe I'm wrong but that seems like a great wrong but that seems like a great. Wrong but that seems like a great solution to me cool any other discussion about this are we. Any other discussion about this are we ready to move on to the next item great so the next item is issue 624. Great so the next item is issue 624 which is improved the cap process so it which is improved the cap process so it. Which is improved the cap process so it clarifies the role of working groups clarifies the role of working groups. Clarifies the role of working groups also it tends to take into account more also it tends to take into account more. Also it tends to take into account more information about the impact of proposed information about the impact of proposed. Information about the impact of proposed changes on downstream systems thoughts changes on downstream systems thoughts. Changes on downstream systems thoughts questions discussion that we want to questions discussion that we want to. Questions discussion that we want to have about this I mean I guess for me it have about this I mean I guess for me it. Have about this I mean I guess for me it makes sense to to better figure out how makes sense to to better figure out how. Makes sense to to better figure out how working groups create caps and who owns working groups create caps and who owns. Working groups create caps and who owns them and and who participates in those them and and who participates in those. Them and and who participates in those groups and I mean this proposal made a groups and I mean this proposal made a. Groups and I mean this proposal made a lot of sense to me and then I think it's lot of sense to me and then I think it's. Lot of sense to me and then I think it's just a question of starting to just a question of starting to. Just a question of starting to experiment with it and seeing if it experiment with it and seeing if it. Experiment with it and seeing if it works right like maybe like as works right like maybe like as. Works right like maybe like as background like one nice when I wrote background like one nice when I wrote. Background like one nice when I wrote this stuff like one of the things I also this stuff like one of the things I also. This stuff like one of the things I also took into account is that in the current. Took into account is that in the current took into account is that in the current. Like process that we have actually like process that we have actually like process that we have actually. Written in the criticals repo it says written in the criticals repo it says written in the criticals repo it says. That there is this I know mythical that there is this I know mythical that there is this I know mythical. Creature that participates into the cap creature that participates into the cap creature that participates into the cap. Process that's the body or whatever yeah process that's the body or whatever yeah. Process that's the body or whatever yeah that's right right that doesn't exist so. That's right right that doesn't exist so that's right right that doesn't exist so. And and basically as I really and also and and basically as I really and also and and basically as I really and also. You know with the way we've been working you know with the way we've been working. You know with the way we've been working more and more it seems to me that that more and more it seems to me that that. More and more it seems to me that that body was you know concept was more or body was you know concept was more or. Body was you know concept was more or less a over-engineering in a way from less a over-engineering in a way from. Less a over-engineering in a way from the protis point of view in trying to the protis point of view in trying to. The protis point of view in trying to take away take away take away you know like room for the working group. You know like room for the working group you know like room for the working group. To actually figure out who are the best to actually figure out who are the best to actually figure out who are the best. People to actually have in that working people to actually have in that working people to actually have in that working. Group so I think like if we end up with group so I think like if we end up with group so I think like if we end up with. Like more something more like what I'm like more something more like what I'm like more something more like what I'm. Highlighting in this issue who would highlighting in this issue who would highlighting in this issue who would. Remove the body from the process yeah I remove the body from the process yeah I remove the body from the process yeah I. Mean just generally object to the word mean just generally object to the word mean just generally object to the word. Buddy buddy buddy it just sounds I just don't like the it just sounds I just don't like the. It just sounds I just don't like the sound of it okay but also I think if sound of it okay but also I think if. Sound of it okay but also I think if it's something that we're not using and it's something that we're not using and. It's something that we're not using and it was the same thing that John brought it was the same thing that John brought. It was the same thing that John brought up on this with it with the test section up on this with it with the test section. Up on this with it with the test section right like I guess that we need to just right like I guess that we need to just. Right like I guess that we need to just look at the actual I guess it leaves in look at the actual I guess it leaves in. Look at the actual I guess it leaves in the cap reading that defines the the cap the cap reading that defines the the cap. The cap reading that defines the the cap process and make sure that it actually process and make sure that it actually. Process and make sure that it actually adheres to a process that we feel good adheres to a process that we feel good. Adheres to a process that we feel good about and that reflects what we've about and that reflects what we've. About and that reflects what we've learned but then I think we also need to learned but then I think we also need to. Learned but then I think we also need to be relying more strongly on working be relying more strongly on working. Be relying more strongly on working groups right yeah and maybe like III groups right yeah and maybe like III. Groups right yeah and maybe like III maybe this time we can I saw that Eric maybe this time we can I saw that Eric. Maybe this time we can I saw that Eric had a question like what does it mean to had a question like what does it mean to. Had a question like what does it mean to have the rest of the stack you know like. Have the rest of the stack you know like have the rest of the stack you know like. Light up and all that like to me the light up and all that like to me the light up and all that like to me the. Intention is to have the working group think about the implications of that think about the implications of that. Change in a more holistic manner change in a more holistic manner change in a more holistic manner. Basically if we need like very often basically if we need like very often basically if we need like very often. Some of the changes at all we need a set some of the changes at all we need a set. Some of the changes at all we need a set basically no the sap is not should be basically no the sap is not should be. Basically no the sap is not should be basically written in parallel with the basically written in parallel with the. Basically written in parallel with the cap you know by the working group if cap you know by the working group if. Cap you know by the working group if that's the only way that that thing can that's the only way that that thing can. That's the only way that that thing can be used because that's how we are going be used because that's how we are going. Be used because that's how we are going to find bugs in the cap another thing on to find bugs in the cap another thing on. To find bugs in the cap another thing on performance because I think Eric with performance because I think Eric with. Performance because I think Eric with Erica maybe I don't somebody has asked Erica maybe I don't somebody has asked. Erica maybe I don't somebody has asked about performance I wanted people to about performance I wanted people to. About performance I wanted people to think about performance implications in think about performance implications in. Think about performance implications in other systems as well like the working other systems as well like the working. Other systems as well like the working group should be thinking about well the group should be thinking about well the. Group should be thinking about well the cap itself or he talks about you know cap itself or he talks about you know. Cap itself or he talks about you know the local performance impact but at the the local performance impact but at the. The local performance impact but at the same time for example one of the most same time for example one of the most. Same time for example one of the most painful changes in protocol 13 painful changes in protocol 13. Painful changes in protocol 13 is but it was very surprising to me it is but it was very surprising to me it. Is but it was very surprising to me it was the the change that he column in was the the change that he column in. Was the the change that he column in horizon right the table migration that horizon right the table migration that. Horizon right the table migration that takes like nine hours takes like nine hours. Takes like nine hours well whatever it's something you know well whatever it's something you know. Well whatever it's something you know maybe we do would have it made some maybe we do would have it made some. Maybe we do would have it made some changes I don't know like you know like changes I don't know like you know like. Changes I don't know like you know like if we had identified this early on so if we had identified this early on so. If we had identified this early on so this is kind of thing I'm trying to to this is kind of thing I'm trying to to. This is kind of thing I'm trying to to get to is get you know sometimes changes get to is get you know sometimes changes. Get to is get you know sometimes changes look trivial you know in the poor layer look trivial you know in the poor layer. Look trivial you know in the poor layer by the implications up streams are just by the implications up streams are just. By the implications up streams are just terrible and I kind of want people to terrible and I kind of want people to. Terrible and I kind of want people to think about those type of implications think about those type of implications. Think about those type of implications early on so that we know we can make early on so that we know we can make. Early on so that we know we can make adjustments into basically the working adjustments into basically the working. Adjustments into basically the working group would figure that stuff out group would figure that stuff out. Group would figure that stuff out document it as part of the proposal document it as part of the proposal. Document it as part of the proposal submit it to this group with all that submit it to this group with all that. Submit it to this group with all that documentation so that all the research documentation so that all the research. Documentation so that all the research would be done you know yeah a little bit would be done you know yeah a little bit. Would be done you know yeah a little bit more what we were talking about yeah and. More what we were talking about yeah and more what we were talking about yeah and. To me that sounds great I mean the only to me that sounds great I mean the only to me that sounds great I mean the only. Question that I have is a feasibility question that I have is a feasibility question that I have is a feasibility. One right like if we had the all the one right like if we had the all the one right like if we had the all the. Right people to staff any given working right people to staff any given working right people to staff any given working. Group that we wanted to create this group that we wanted to create this group that we wanted to create this. Would work I just wonder if in reality would work I just wonder if in reality would work I just wonder if in reality. We're gonna run up against issues where we're gonna run up against issues where we're gonna run up against issues where. We just like we want to have three we just like we want to have three we just like we want to have three. Working groups we don't have three working groups we don't have three working groups we don't have three. Working groups of people with the working groups of people with the working groups of people with the. Necessary insight just to build those necessary insight just to build those necessary insight just to build those. Working groups working groups working groups that's my only like feasibility concern. That's my only like feasibility concern that's my only like feasibility concern that make sense I mean we can you know I. That make sense I mean we can you know I that make sense I mean we can you know I. Run into that problem already and yes we run into that problem already and yes we. Run into that problem already and yes we do and at the same time and I know my do and at the same time and I know my. Do and at the same time and I know my response is that if we don't have time response is that if we don't have time. Response is that if we don't have time to think about this maybe we should not to think about this maybe we should not. To think about this maybe we should not do it in that protocol version if we do do it in that protocol version if we do. Do it in that protocol version if we do the due diligence you know that goes the due diligence you know that goes. The due diligence you know that goes with a specific change that means we're with a specific change that means we're. With a specific change that means we're not thinking about it right so I think not thinking about it right so I think. Not thinking about it right so I think that the additional lift here which is that the additional lift here which is. That the additional lift here which is reasonable is to basically improve the reasonable is to basically improve the. Reasonable is to basically improve the process of putting together working process of putting together working. Process of putting together working grade so it's like improve what a grade so it's like improve what a. Grade so it's like improve what a working group does define it better add working group does define it better add. Working group does define it better add it to the cap process and then also get it to the cap process and then also get. It to the cap process and then also get better at putting working groups data better at putting working groups data. Better at putting working groups data which is seems reasonable to me which is seems reasonable to me. Which is seems reasonable to me and and my hope also made that maybe the and and my hope also made that maybe the. And and my hope also made that maybe the chair on the top would be if we have chair on the top would be if we have. Chair on the top would be if we have more of those kind of lively discussions more of those kind of lively discussions. More of those kind of lively discussions that the working group level do they that the working group level do they. That the working group level do they should become quite be a bit more those should become quite be a bit more those. Should become quite be a bit more those conversations I think end up being a conversations I think end up being a. Conversations I think end up being a little more inclusive from a ecosystem little more inclusive from a ecosystem. Little more inclusive from a ecosystem point of view because they are actually point of view because they are actually. Point of view because they are actually touching a lot more different paths touching a lot more different paths. Touching a lot more different paths right now I think the issues with any right now I think the issues with any. Right now I think the issues with any thread on the dev mailing list that our thread on the dev mailing list that our. Thread on the dev mailing list that our protocol changes they are so far removed protocol changes they are so far removed. Protocol changes they are so far removed from the end from the actual developers from the end from the actual developers. From the end from the actual developers that nobody can really chime in right that nobody can really chime in right. That nobody can really chime in right they don't see how this is really they don't see how this is really. They don't see how this is really impacting them unless it's like you know impacting them unless it's like you know. Impacting them unless it's like you know obvious so my hope is that yeah we can obvious so my hope is that yeah we can. Obvious so my hope is that yeah we can maybe get a little more feedback early maybe get a little more feedback early. Maybe get a little more feedback early on from the you know people that are on from the you know people that are. On from the you know people that are going to use that those things in the going to use that those things in the. Going to use that those things in the future if anyone's watching this right future if anyone's watching this right. Future if anyone's watching this right now is like I would love to be in a now is like I would love to be in a. Now is like I would love to be in a working group in the future you should working group in the future you should. Working group in the future you should email me just another org like I got it email me just another org like I got it. Email me just another org like I got it you know I think it's gonna be about you know I think it's gonna be about. You know I think it's gonna be about going out and collecting people right going out and collecting people right. Going out and collecting people right inside people with insight people who inside people with insight people who. Inside people with insight people who are building stuff and making sure that are building stuff and making sure that. Are building stuff and making sure that they understand the potential they understand the potential. They understand the potential implications that one of these chord implications that one of these chord. Implications that one of these chord changes have and getting their insight changes have and getting their insight. Changes have and getting their insight rate yeah that makes sense to me I like rate yeah that makes sense to me I like. Rate yeah that makes sense to me I like the working group direction and being the working group direction and being. The working group direction and being more inclusive of you know people on the more inclusive of you know people on the. More inclusive of you know people on the horizon team or SDK team or even horizon team or SDK team or even. Horizon team or SDK team or even application developers I think one other application developers I think one other. Application developers I think one other element that seemed pretty central to me. Element that seemed pretty central to me element that seemed pretty central to me. That I didn't I didn't maybe I missed it that I didn't I didn't maybe I missed it. That I didn't I didn't maybe I missed it but I didn't really fully see it flushed. But I didn't really fully see it flushed but I didn't really fully see it flushed. Out in this this issue was was kind of out in this this issue was was kind of out in this this issue was was kind of. The contents of the cap and and having the contents of the cap and and having the contents of the cap and and having. An explicit section of the cap that an explicit section of the cap that an explicit section of the cap that. Discusses the changes that we've made to discusses the changes that we've made to. Discusses the changes that we've made to horizon so like to to Nico's point like horizon so like to to Nico's point like. Horizon so like to to Nico's point like saying yeah we're gonna migrate this saying yeah we're gonna migrate this. Saying yeah we're gonna migrate this column and within the base table we're column and within the base table we're. Column and within the base table we're gonna change the schema this way I'm gonna change the schema this way I'm. Gonna change the schema this way I'm going to add these endpoints we're going going to add these endpoints we're going. Going to add these endpoints we're going to modify the go SDK to have these new to modify the go SDK to have these new. To modify the go SDK to have these new calls or deprecated this call that seems calls or deprecated this call that seems. Calls or deprecated this call that seems pretty key to have as part of them for pretty key to have as part of them for. Pretty key to have as part of them for understanding the downstream effects and understanding the downstream effects and. Understanding the downstream effects and I didn't really see it articulated I didn't really see it articulated. I didn't really see it articulated here I mean that the I mean that the I mean like the issue by the way like it. I mean like the issue by the way like it I mean like the issue by the way like it. Was really to start the conversation was really to start the conversation was really to start the conversation. It's not the actual day for oh you know it's not the actual day for oh you know it's not the actual day for oh you know. What we're going to do on the on that what we're going to do on the on that what we're going to do on the on that. Week me or whatever at the top level I agree I mean I think I agree I mean I think. At the same time yeah who the cab become at the same time yeah who the cab become. At the same time yeah who the cab become you know more implementing you know more implementing. You know more implementing implementation you know focused I don't implementation you know focused I don't. Implementation you know focused I don't know like I like that right now it's a know like I like that right now it's a. Know like I like that right now it's a little more the spec level you know like little more the spec level you know like. Little more the spec level you know like functional and not so much at the functional and not so much at the. Functional and not so much at the you know - too low into the details you know - too low into the details. You know - too low into the details right and I think that if we have the right and I think that if we have the. Right and I think that if we have the right participants in that working group right participants in that working group. Right participants in that working group the implementation kind of pulls in the implementation kind of pulls in. The implementation kind of pulls in place more in github issues and so on place more in github issues and so on. Place more in github issues and so on not in the actual dark like the actual not in the actual dark like the actual. Not in the actual dark like the actual dock is more like tracking like the high dock is more like tracking like the high. Dock is more like tracking like the high level like does that even make sense level like does that even make sense. Level like does that even make sense right for all the systems involved and right for all the systems involved and. Right for all the systems involved and depending on the change there may be a depending on the change there may be a. Depending on the change there may be a cept that needs to actually certain cap cept that needs to actually certain cap. Cept that needs to actually certain cap don't make sense without an accompanying don't make sense without an accompanying. Don't make sense without an accompanying except and so there's no point in like except and so there's no point in like. Except and so there's no point in like talking about you know what database talking about you know what database. Talking about you know what database tables you're gonna migrate in the car tables you're gonna migrate in the car. Tables you're gonna migrate in the car when there's like very associate itself when there's like very associate itself. When there's like very associate itself I also agree that this I think the cap I also agree that this I think the cap. I also agree that this I think the cap is the wrong place for this kind of is the wrong place for this kind of. Is the wrong place for this kind of stuff the cap is evolving as its stuff the cap is evolving as its. Stuff the cap is evolving as its implemented and then there's a key implemented and then there's a key. Implemented and then there's a key there's like there's a point where it there's like there's a point where it. There's like there's a point where it becomes reasonable to think about the becomes reasonable to think about the. Becomes reasonable to think about the details for downstream but the details for downstream but the. Details for downstream but the high-level details can be thought of high-level details can be thought of. High-level details can be thought of separately and should be done in a separately and should be done in a. Separately and should be done in a working group and I think most of the working group and I think most of the. Working group and I think most of the time there should be a set associated time there should be a set associated. Time there should be a set associated with the cap because something is with the cap because something is. With the cap because something is motivating this work right and that motivating this work right and that. Motivating this work right and that should be the self yeah that's kind of should be the self yeah that's kind of. Should be the self yeah that's kind of what I was gonna say Eric like maybe we what I was gonna say Eric like maybe we. What I was gonna say Eric like maybe we should have a new standard which is like should have a new standard which is like. Should have a new standard which is like we don't accept caps that don't have sex. We don't accept caps that don't have sex we don't accept caps that don't have sex. And this EPS might not be like a hey and this EPS might not be like a hey and this EPS might not be like a hey. Here's some you know new off protocol here's some you know new off protocol here's some you know new off protocol. That you know climb server need to that you know climb server need to that you know climb server need to. Implement or something like that new end implement or something like that new end. Implement or something like that new end points it might just be like hey like points it might just be like hey like. Points it might just be like hey like horizon is gonna be broken by this and horizon is gonna be broken by this and. Horizon is gonna be broken by this and we know lots of people depend on horizon we know lots of people depend on horizon. We know lots of people depend on horizon so it's part of because that's that's so it's part of because that's that's. So it's part of because that's that's not oh and there can't be a rule right I not oh and there can't be a rule right I. Not oh and there can't be a rule right I mean if we like fixed like when we fix mean if we like fixed like when we fix. Mean if we like fixed like when we fix the bucket list or whatever you know the bucket list or whatever you know. The bucket list or whatever you know like that you know you don't need a set like that you know you don't need a set. Like that you know you don't need a set always but like you know some when always but like you know some when. Always but like you know some when you're adding a new feature like it you're adding a new feature like it. You're adding a new feature like it generally is gonna make sense to have a generally is gonna make sense to have a. Generally is gonna make sense to have a step involved well maybe it's a question step involved well maybe it's a question. Step involved well maybe it's a question that you have to answer does this that you have to answer does this. That you have to answer does this require a sensor is known link like so require a sensor is known link like so. Require a sensor is known link like so maybe one of the header fields should be maybe one of the header fields should be. Maybe one of the header fields should be like associated steps maybe there's like associated steps maybe there's. Like associated steps maybe there's multiple ones right there's new feature multiple ones right there's new feature. Multiple ones right there's new feature that can be used in two different ways that can be used in two different ways. That can be used in two different ways so so it's a kind of metadata thing that so so it's a kind of metadata thing that. So so it's a kind of metadata thing that needs to be out it well while we're on needs to be out it well while we're on. Needs to be out it well while we're on the metadata this is this is kind of the metadata this is this is kind of. The metadata this is this is kind of minor but you know I mostly think that's minor but you know I mostly think that's. Minor but you know I mostly think that's fine but I'd like to argue for keeping fine but I'd like to argue for keeping. Fine but I'd like to argue for keeping the term author instead of recommender the term author instead of recommender. The term author instead of recommender and maybe having a maintainer instead of and maybe having a maintainer instead of. And maybe having a maintainer instead of an owner just because I want to make an owner just because I want to make. An owner just because I want to make sure that everybody who contributes to sure that everybody who contributes to. Sure that everybody who contributes to writing a cap gets you know appropriate writing a cap gets you know appropriate. Writing a cap gets you know appropriate credit and the term author kind of credit and the term author kind of. Credit and the term author kind of suggests that you deserve credit for suggests that you deserve credit for. Suggests that you deserve credit for something whereas recommender doesn't something whereas recommender doesn't. Something whereas recommender doesn't necessarily carry that same connotation necessarily carry that same connotation. Necessarily carry that same connotation I mean those are names from yeah I guess I mean those are names from yeah I guess. I mean those are names from yeah I guess they are from different worlds like the they are from different worlds like the. They are from different worlds like the names I used where the from the RACI names I used where the from the RACI. Names I used where the from the RACI thing right so and that's why I stand thing right so and that's why I stand. Thing right so and that's why I stand out out out oh just doesn't race to use authors into. Oh just doesn't race to use authors into oh just doesn't race to use authors into. A for often no according to be read it a for often no according to be read it a for often no according to be read it. Means several different things one of means several different things one of means several different things one of. Which is how many things which like which is how many things which like which is how many things which like. Definitely makes no sense in this definitely makes no sense in this definitely makes no sense in this. Context yeah what what makes no sense context yeah what what makes no sense context yeah what what makes no sense. Acceptor yeah yeah all names of acceptor yeah yeah all names of acceptor yeah yeah all names of. Superheroes yeah superheroes yeah superheroes yeah like we can try to tweak it as long as. Like we can try to tweak it as long as like we can try to tweak it as long as we have clear definitions of what those. We have clear definitions of what those we have clear definitions of what those things means right yeah yeah I think. Things means right yeah yeah I think things means right yeah yeah I think just to chime in again I think like. Just to chime in again I think like just to chime in again I think like what we're describing maybe is a little. What we're describing maybe is a little what we're describing maybe is a little bit closer to our current process and so. Bit closer to our current process and so bit closer to our current process and so. I'm worried it might fall into some of I'm worried it might fall into some of I'm worried it might fall into some of. The same pitfalls like I mean maybe it's the same pitfalls like I mean maybe it's. The same pitfalls like I mean maybe it's just kind of a terminology thing like in. Just kind of a terminology thing like in just kind of a terminology thing like in. My experience except did doesn't talk my experience except did doesn't talk my experience except did doesn't talk. About the rot changes the horizon end about the rot changes the horizon end about the rot changes the horizon end. Points I I've never seen that in this points I I've never seen that in this points I I've never seen that in this. App and and I think I don't care what app and and I think I don't care what app and and I think I don't care what. Document it's called exactly where it document it's called exactly where it document it's called exactly where it. Appears but I think there needs to be a appears but I think there needs to be a appears but I think there needs to be a. Link in the cap at least if not included link in the cap at least if not included. Link in the cap at least if not included directly in it that explores changes to directly in it that explores changes to. Directly in it that explores changes to horizon changes to the SDKs because I horizon changes to the SDKs because I. Horizon changes to the SDKs because I think that's been the issue so far as we think that's been the issue so far as we. Think that's been the issue so far as we have a disconnection between the cap and. Have a disconnection between the cap and have a disconnection between the cap and. Then the implications it has downstream then the implications it has downstream then the implications it has downstream. In this nasty case so as long as we in this nasty case so as long as we in this nasty case so as long as we. Cover that in some kind of dock maybe we cover that in some kind of dock maybe we. Cover that in some kind of dock maybe we kind of change that aceptas to include kind of change that aceptas to include. Kind of change that aceptas to include that yeah or we can do that posit ori or that yeah or we can do that posit ori or. That yeah or we can do that posit ori or some new place to store that particular some new place to store that particular. Some new place to store that particular kind of dock right Mike yeah like I said kind of dock right Mike yeah like I said. Kind of dock right Mike yeah like I said like a cap links to except in acceptance. Like a cap links to except in acceptance like a cap links to except in acceptance. To like a you know horizon working to like a you know horizon working to like a you know horizon working. Document or something whatever we call document or something whatever we call document or something whatever we call. It it it yeah I support this I just want to make yeah I support this I just want to make. Yeah I support this I just want to make it clear that like we may not find all it clear that like we may not find all. It clear that like we may not find all this stuff at the right time right it's this stuff at the right time right it's. This stuff at the right time right it's good to think about it at some level but good to think about it at some level but. Good to think about it at some level but like the the earthy change was very like the the earthy change was very. Like the the earthy change was very subtle it's in its one line in a piece subtle it's in its one line in a piece. Subtle it's in its one line in a piece of XDR that you have to notice and then of XDR that you have to notice and then. Of XDR that you have to notice and then realize that actually that's implemented realize that actually that's implemented. Realize that actually that's implemented within in 32 in horizon and then there's. Within in 32 in horizon and then there's within in 32 in horizon and then there's. All these consequences we are not gonna all these consequences we are not gonna all these consequences we are not gonna. Get all the things so I wouldn't want to get all the things so I wouldn't want to. Get all the things so I wouldn't want to like gate gate the cap and the only way like gate gate the cap and the only way. Like gate gate the cap and the only way we get those is if we like release some we get those is if we like release some. We get those is if we like release some protovision of core and then it had a protovision of core and then it had a. Protovision of core and then it had a long time to implement all the horizon long time to implement all the horizon. Long time to implement all the horizon changes and discover them I think in the changes and discover them I think in the. Changes and discover them I think in the same way that the cap evolves as scored same way that the cap evolves as scored. Same way that the cap evolves as scored as their implementation some of the as their implementation some of the. As their implementation some of the Cottagers will become visible as you Cottagers will become visible as you. Cottagers will become visible as you think 3ds annotation and the SDKs or think 3ds annotation and the SDKs or. Think 3ds annotation and the SDKs or horizon yeah yeah and my point was I horizon yeah yeah and my point was I. Horizon yeah yeah and my point was I think this due diligence had to happen think this due diligence had to happen. Think this due diligence had to happen before the cap gets into the final state before the cap gets into the final state. Before the cap gets into the final state even if you missed some stuff I mean no even if you missed some stuff I mean no. Even if you missed some stuff I mean no but the point is that you know what Eric but the point is that you know what Eric. But the point is that you know what Eric was saying for example all days that was saying for example all days that. Was saying for example all days that change people have to actually go change people have to actually go. Change people have to actually go through every change think about every through every change think about every. Through every change think about every change because that's how we do right change because that's how we do right. Change because that's how we do right the cap we have to actually think about the cap we have to actually think about. The cap we have to actually think about you know in detail what does it mean to you know in detail what does it mean to. You know in detail what does it mean to make that change in call right same make that change in call right same. Make that change in call right same thing for the other systems I feel like thing for the other systems I feel like. Thing for the other systems I feel like part of the surprise part of the surprise. Part of the surprise with the feeching with the with the with the feeching with the with the. With the feeching with the with the change in columns in the horizon was change in columns in the horizon was. Change in columns in the horizon was just how long it took right like it just how long it took right like it. Just how long it took right like it maybe I'm wrong but I think it was hard maybe I'm wrong but I think it was hard. Maybe I'm wrong but I think it was hard to know and so you started doing it like to know and so you started doing it like. To know and so you started doing it like oh man that copying and pasting like oh man that copying and pasting like. Oh man that copying and pasting like basically creating these two new columns basically creating these two new columns. Basically creating these two new columns is gonna take forever in like okay yeah is gonna take forever in like okay yeah. Is gonna take forever in like okay yeah about that move yeah let alone I guess about that move yeah let alone I guess. About that move yeah let alone I guess but like in general right it's more like but like in general right it's more like. But like in general right it's more like we should be like maybe we shouldn't we we should be like maybe we shouldn't we. We should be like maybe we shouldn't we would not have identified this this free would not have identified this this free. Would not have identified this this free change until what much later it's more change until what much later it's more. Change until what much later it's more about the pattern right that we should about the pattern right that we should. About the pattern right that we should evolve if you think about you know like evolve if you think about you know like. Evolve if you think about you know like oh there's this schema change coming and oh there's this schema change coming and. Oh there's this schema change coming and maybe we don't maybe we don't maybe we don't. Done exactly like the implication but we done exactly like the implication but we. Done exactly like the implication but we know there's this big schema change yeah. Know there's this big schema change yeah know there's this big schema change yeah. Yeah and then hopefully you know the yeah and then hopefully you know the yeah and then hopefully you know the. More eyes we get on that thing people more eyes we get on that thing people more eyes we get on that thing people. You know remember all when you make this you know remember all when you make this. You know remember all when you make this kind of change you know it's going to kind of change you know it's going to. Kind of change you know it's going to you're going to take a hit yeah I mean I you're going to take a hit yeah I mean I. You're going to take a hit yeah I mean I definitely support this I support definitely support this I support. Definitely support this I support through instant due diligence upfront through instant due diligence upfront. Through instant due diligence upfront and trying to think it through at a and trying to think it through at a. And trying to think it through at a point where we can still make changes in point where we can still make changes in. Point where we can still make changes in the cat that seems like a no-brainer to the cat that seems like a no-brainer to. The cat that seems like a no-brainer to me I'm just saying to understand all of me I'm just saying to understand all of. Me I'm just saying to understand all of the implications is very difficult and the implications is very difficult and. The implications is very difficult and we're not going to sit down and think we're not going to sit down and think. We're not going to sit down and think really hard and figure that out just to really hard and figure that out just to. Really hard and figure that out just to be sure okay I mean do you like the idea be sure okay I mean do you like the idea. Be sure okay I mean do you like the idea of listener listening out the changes to. Of listener listening out the changes to of listener listening out the changes to. The horizon API for example before the horizon API for example before the horizon API for example before. Finalizing the cap I like is this some finalizing the cap I like is this some finalizing the cap I like is this some. Kind of summary that says what we think kind of summary that says what we think kind of summary that says what we think. The impact is our high level I just the impact is our high level I just the impact is our high level I just. Don't know how detailed that can get but don't know how detailed that can get but. Don't know how detailed that can get but we you know we'll try try our best and we you know we'll try try our best and. We you know we'll try try our best and so happens now the other is it says so happens now the other is it says. So happens now the other is it says representative group of stakeholders representative group of stakeholders. Representative group of stakeholders which is I guess intentionally vague and which is I guess intentionally vague and. Which is I guess intentionally vague and so we have to be careful that we don't so we have to be careful that we don't. So we have to be careful that we don't fall into the trap of thinking about the fall into the trap of thinking about the. Fall into the trap of thinking about the consequences fall for something like consequences fall for something like. Consequences fall for something like horizon and then forgetting something horizon and then forgetting something. Horizon and then forgetting something else like maybe the consequences for else like maybe the consequences for. Else like maybe the consequences for hardware wallets you know for example hardware wallets you know for example. Hardware wallets you know for example yeah definitely yeah that's that's the yeah definitely yeah that's that's the. Yeah definitely yeah that's that's the reason is vague is because basically reason is vague is because basically. Reason is vague is because basically there is a when the working group is there is a when the working group is. There is a when the working group is kind of forming it should actually kind of forming it should actually. Kind of forming it should actually decide who are the members right I also decide who are the members right I also. Decide who are the members right I also think like those members might be think like those members might be. Think like those members might be thinking over time that's something I've thinking over time that's something I've. Thinking over time that's something I've been thinking this whole time or it's been thinking this whole time or it's. Been thinking this whole time or it's like at the beginning like at the like at the beginning like at the. Like at the beginning like at the beginning you need people to know how beginning you need people to know how. Beginning you need people to know how poor works you know plus some people who poor works you know plus some people who. Poor works you know plus some people who have like a reason to motivate this have like a reason to motivate this. Have like a reason to motivate this thing and then as the core part of it thing and then as the core part of it. Thing and then as the core part of it develops and it's like oh okay like we develops and it's like oh okay like we. Develops and it's like oh okay like we have these ideas for how we could do have these ideas for how we could do. Have these ideas for how we could do things like let's make sure we're like things like let's make sure we're like. Things like let's make sure we're like none of these are offensive to horizon none of these are offensive to horizon. None of these are offensive to horizon or offensive to Hardware walls and then or offensive to Hardware walls and then. Or offensive to Hardware walls and then you start roping those people in and you you start roping those people in and you. You start roping those people in and you got a different set of voices so got a different set of voices so. Got a different set of voices so everybody gets to spend a day with John everybody gets to spend a day with John. Everybody gets to spend a day with John what a present for everybody okay I mean obviously that's needs. Okay I mean obviously that's needs thought and work and it but I think that thought and work and it but I think that. Thought and work and it but I think that it should kind of kicked it off and we it should kind of kicked it off and we. It should kind of kicked it off and we can talk that more I don't know that can talk that more I don't know that. Can talk that more I don't know that we're gonna come to any greater we're gonna come to any greater. We're gonna come to any greater conclusion after this I mean it seems conclusion after this I mean it seems. Conclusion after this I mean it seems like we could talk about this on on the like we could talk about this on on the. Like we could talk about this on on the on the dead mailing list and eventually on the dead mailing list and eventually. On the dead mailing list and eventually I feel like we need to update the readme I feel like we need to update the readme. I feel like we need to update the readme or on the kathleen and probably like the. Or on the kathleen and probably like the or on the kathleen and probably like the. Actual template for Cap's - and work on actual template for Cap's - and work on actual template for Cap's - and work on. Working groups we should not even great working groups we should not even great working groups we should not even great. To work on working groups may be a way to work on working groups may be a way to work on working groups may be a way. Forward is everybody can comment on this forward is everybody can comment on this. Forward is everybody can comment on this issue that Nico's raised and we can issue that Nico's raised and we can. Issue that Nico's raised and we can iterate a little bit because as he says iterate a little bit because as he says. Iterate a little bit because as he says it's not the we're not saying this is it's not the we're not saying this is. It's not the we're not saying this is the dif we're saying his a starting the dif we're saying his a starting. The dif we're saying his a starting point so we should have had this point so we should have had this. Point so we should have had this discussion great perfect so we'll start discussion great perfect so we'll start. Discussion great perfect so we'll start the conversation there which is issue the conversation there which is issue. The conversation there which is issue 624 in the protocol really cool it's 624 in the protocol really cool it's. 624 in the protocol really cool it's I'm just gonna take one minute and say I'm just gonna take one minute and say. I'm just gonna take one minute and say that you know obviously we're part of that you know obviously we're part of. That you know obviously we're part of the way through all of this impacts what the way through all of this impacts what. The way through all of this impacts what I'm the upgrade process protocol I'm the upgrade process protocol. I'm the upgrade process protocol thirteen you know we delayed the boat thirteen you know we delayed the boat. Thirteen you know we delayed the boat through two weeks and I think we've through two weeks and I think we've. Through two weeks and I think we've learned a lot about just better learned a lot about just better. Learned a lot about just better notification so I think you know the notification so I think you know the. Notification so I think you know the basic idea which I've post or is to work basic idea which I've post or is to work. Basic idea which I've post or is to work out the timeline for horizon and SDK out the timeline for horizon and SDK. Out the timeline for horizon and SDK readiness and I think these working readiness and I think these working. Readiness and I think these working groups will help do that then to pose in groups will help do that then to pose in. Groups will help do that then to pose in a great guide that tells everyone what a great guide that tells everyone what. A great guide that tells everyone what to do and where to find stuff message to do and where to find stuff message. To do and where to find stuff message all the relevant channels and then to all the relevant channels and then to. All the relevant channels and then to verify that key projects and the verify that key projects and the. Verify that key projects and the ecosystem are ready basically get them ecosystem are ready basically get them. Ecosystem are ready basically get them to write back to us and say we are ready to write back to us and say we are ready. To write back to us and say we are ready to upgrade then I think do the tests to upgrade then I think do the tests. To upgrade then I think do the tests enough upgrade then coordinate for the enough upgrade then coordinate for the. Enough upgrade then coordinate for the public nib upgrade and then once an public nib upgrade and then once an. Public nib upgrade and then once an upgrade happens we post an upgrade upgrade happens we post an upgrade. Upgrade happens we post an upgrade notice with all the errors and any notice with all the errors and any. Notice with all the errors and any information about how to use the new information about how to use the new. Information about how to use the new features so it's like all concise and features so it's like all concise and. Features so it's like all concise and that's again just a proposal that we did that's again just a proposal that we did. That's again just a proposal that we did most of that with protocol thirteen but most of that with protocol thirteen but. Most of that with protocol thirteen but we didn't reach out specifically to key we didn't reach out specifically to key. We didn't reach out specifically to key organizations until later in the process organizations until later in the process. Organizations until later in the process and it's gettin it's gettin it's gettin and it's gettin it's gettin it's gettin. And it's gettin it's gettin it's gettin somewhat better but I'm open to any somewhat better but I'm open to any. Somewhat better but I'm open to any suggestions that anyone ever has about suggestions that anyone ever has about. Suggestions that anyone ever has about how to improve the process whose a key how to improve the process whose a key. How to improve the process whose a key organization do we have like a mailing organization do we have like a mailing. Organization do we have like a mailing list of key organizations or something list of key organizations or something. List of key organizations or something by the list yeah by the list yeah by the list yeah. Is that anyone can join inotify is that anyone can join inotify is that anyone can join inotify. Like places where anyone can join which like places where anyone can join which like places where anyone can join which. Are all of our public channels are are all of our public channels are are all of our public channels are. Notified out the wazoo right so like notified out the wazoo right so like notified out the wazoo right so like. They get first notification they get they get first notification they get they get first notification they get. Notification every time that there's an notification every time that there's an notification every time that there's an. Update and a week in advance so any update and a week in advance so any update and a week in advance so any. Place where people opt in like but we place where people opt in like but we place where people opt in like but we. Also need to reach out to people who also need to reach out to people who also need to reach out to people who. Will not opt in to our own channels like will not opt in to our own channels like. Will not opt in to our own channels like so specifically what too late this so specifically what too late this. So specifically what too late this protocol release is like making sure protocol release is like making sure. Protocol release is like making sure that crypto exchanges where you know that crypto exchanges where you know. That crypto exchanges where you know they deal with a lot a lot of different they deal with a lot a lot of different. They deal with a lot a lot of different networks and Stellar isn't first and networks and Stellar isn't first and. Networks and Stellar isn't first and foremost in their minds it's hard to get foremost in their minds it's hard to get. Foremost in their minds it's hard to get their attention or get them to opt into their attention or get them to opt into. Their attention or get them to opt into a channel so yes anyone can opt in and a channel so yes anyone can opt in and. A channel so yes anyone can opt in and we can check readiness or anyone goes we can check readiness or anyone goes. We can check readiness or anyone goes opted-in but we also need to do some opted-in but we also need to do some. Opted-in but we also need to do some spoke outreach people who have spoke outreach people who have. Spoke outreach people who have difficulty okay radical so that that's difficulty okay radical so that that's. Difficulty okay radical so that that's the end of our first broadcasted Stellar the end of our first broadcasted Stellar. The end of our first broadcasted Stellar Protocol meeting how's everybody feel.
