Hello and welcome to this week's hello and welcome to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting this new. Stellar Developer Meeting this new Stellar Developer Meeting this new format where we are trying out twitch. Format where we are trying out twitch format where we are trying out twitch and we're trying a new format where. And we're trying a new format where and we're trying a new format where we do shorter presentations so let's. We do shorter presentations so let's we do shorter presentations so let's see how it goes this hopefully this. See how it goes this hopefully this see how it goes this hopefully this will go smooth but it is the first time. Will go smooth but it is the first time will go smooth but it is the first time we're trying a new platform so there. We're trying a new platform so there we're trying a new platform so there might be some some smaller hicups . Might be some some smaller hicups might be some some smaller hicups with my with me today I have I have. With my with me today I have I have with my with me today I have I have Alberto which I've had the pleasure. Alberto which I've had the pleasure Alberto which I've had the pleasure meeting several times at at different. Meeting several times at at different meeting several times at at different. SDF events and and he is going to SDF events and and he is going to SDF events and and he is going to. Talk about trustless work today so talk about trustless work today so talk about trustless work today so. Please go ahead and introduce yourself please go ahead and introduce yourself please go ahead and introduce yourself. And share your screen Alberto okay let and share your screen Alberto okay let and share your screen Alberto okay let. Me give me a second to present hello me give me a second to present hello me give me a second to present hello. Everybody my name is Alberto as he said everybody my name is Alberto as he said everybody my name is Alberto as he said. I'm from Costa I'm from Costa I'm from Costa Rica I am building Cress work please. Rica I am building Cress work please Rica I am building Cress work please confirm if you can see my screen because. Confirm if you can see my screen because confirm if you can see my screen because. I have one monitor so I'm not I have one monitor so I'm not I have one monitor so I'm not. Sure but I think you sure but I think you sure but I think you do do do okay and yeah ER we are building. Okay and yeah ER we are building okay and yeah ER we are building trustless work trustless work is ESC. Trustless work trustless work is ESC trustless work trustless work is ESC infrastructure for the new economy so. Infrastructure for the new economy so infrastructure for the new economy so basically. Basically basically to to understand a little bit what I'm to to understand a little bit what I'm. To to understand a little bit what I'm talking about basically in very talking about basically in very. Talking about basically in very simplistic terms an escro is a neutral simplistic terms an escro is a neutral. Simplistic terms an escro is a neutral secure way to hold money or funds while secure way to hold money or funds while. Secure way to hold money or funds while the ass while something is happening H the ass while something is happening H. The ass while something is happening H the most common use of escrow that you the most common use of escrow that you. The most common use of escrow that you might know is real estate real estate might know is real estate real estate. Might know is real estate real estate escros which in this case we use a an escros which in this case we use a an. Escros which in this case we use a an agent or an escro agent like a bank to agent or an escro agent like a bank to. Agent or an escro agent like a bank to hold the funds while the legal hold the funds while the legal. Hold the funds while the legal inspections and the paperwork happens inspections and the paperwork happens. Inspections and the paperwork happens for a house but we also have digital for a house but we also have digital. For a house but we also have digital escrows in the case of eBay Who as a escrows in the case of eBay Who as a. Escrows in the case of eBay Who as a Marketplace they hold the fun while the Marketplace they hold the fun while the. Marketplace they hold the fun while the merchant actually delivers the product merchant actually delivers the product. Merchant actually delivers the product and same thing for upwork which holds and same thing for upwork which holds. And same thing for upwork which holds the fund while the freelancer completes the fund while the freelancer completes. The fund while the freelancer completes the the the the the the deliverable but if you try to build this. Deliverable but if you try to build this deliverable but if you try to build this. Today with Fiat payments it'll be next today with Fiat payments it'll be next today with Fiat payments it'll be next. To Impossible and that's because to Impossible and that's because to Impossible and that's because . Legacy Astros as I call it have a huge Legacy Astros as I call it have a huge Legacy Astros as I call it have a huge. Problem which is Fiat payments Fiat problem which is Fiat payments Fiat problem which is Fiat payments Fiat. Payments require banking they are very payments require banking they are very payments require banking they are very. Costly they're very slow they're very costly they're very slow they're very costly they're very slow they're very. Limited in flexibility they have limited in flexibility they have limited in flexibility they have. Transparency and they're obviously full transparency and they're obviously full transparency and they're obviously full. Of frictions that if you're here of frictions that if you're here of frictions that if you're here. Watching a seller call you understand watching a seller call you understand watching a seller call you understand. The frictions that fi payments provide the frictions that fi payments provide the frictions that fi payments provide. So not anymore at trustless work we're so not anymore at trustless work we're so not anymore at trustless work we're. Building the esro infrastructure so building the esro infrastructure so building the esro infrastructure so. Basically we're abstracting the basically we're abstracting the basically we're abstracting the. Configuration deployment and interaction configuration deployment and interaction. Configuration deployment and interaction with smart contracts to create smart with smart contracts to create smart. With smart contracts to create smart escros which provide the same escros which provide the same. Escros which provide the same functionality as escrs and even more functionality as escrs and even more. Functionality as escrs and even more because they're cheap they're fast because they're cheap they're fast. Because they're cheap they're fast they're permissionless a transparent and they're permissionless a transparent and. They're permissionless a transparent and Global and so in this way marketplaces Global and so in this way marketplaces. Global and so in this way marketplaces e-commerce directories trade file and e-commerce directories trade file and. E-commerce directories trade file and many more use cases are unlocked that many more use cases are unlocked that. Many more use cases are unlocked that can actually use this functionality can actually use this functionality. Can actually use this functionality without requiring a blockchain without requiring a blockchain. Without requiring a blockchain expertise what we're building in expertise what we're building in. Expertise what we're building in trustless work is also an ecosystem so trustless work is also an ecosystem so. Trustless work is also an ecosystem so we're building in an open source way or we're building in an open source way or. We're building in an open source way or all the asro tools the templates and the all the asro tools the templates and the. All the asro tools the templates and the dev tools so that it becomes as simple dev tools so that it becomes as simple. Dev tools so that it becomes as simple as possible to initialize fund sign as possible to initialize fund sign. As possible to initialize fund sign review approve and release payments over review approve and release payments over. Review approve and release payments over sell Network we are focused on usdc sell Network we are focused on usdc. Sell Network we are focused on usdc which is again it's the one that brings which is again it's the one that brings. Which is again it's the one that brings less friction We Believe for volatility less friction We Believe for volatility. Less friction We Believe for volatility but we can all already use this on but we can all already use this on. But we can all already use this on any asset admitted issued on Sellar any asset admitted issued on Sellar. Any asset admitted issued on Sellar network some of our traction a little network some of our traction a little. Network some of our traction a little bit of the story we started working this. Bit of the story we started working this bit of the story we started working this. In July we got into the Astro Hacker in July we got into the Astro Hacker in July we got into the Astro Hacker. House is sponsored by Sellar and Draper House is sponsored by Sellar and Draper House is sponsored by Sellar and Draper. University that's where we built the University that's where we built the University that's where we built the. Version one of the smart contracts the version one of the smart contracts the version one of the smart contracts the. API and the documentation which we API and the documentation which we API and the documentation which we. Launched on testet on a Costa Rican launched on testet on a Costa Rican launched on testet on a Costa Rican. Hackathon we also got accepted to the hackathon we also got accepted to the. Hackathon we also got accepted to the Stellar Draper U Embark program which is. Stellar Draper U Embark program which is Stellar Draper U Embark program which is. Where I'm at right now and we also where I'm at right now and we also where I'm at right now and we also. Participated in the only dust OD hack participated in the only dust OD hack participated in the only dust OD hack. Number 10 which allowed us to accelerate number 10 which allowed us to accelerate. Number 10 which allowed us to accelerate our development we got the escro our development we got the escro. our development we got the escro version two done in an open source and version two done in an open source and. Version two done in an open source and the escro UI version one we also the escro UI version one we also. The escro UI version one we also recently got awarded the an SCF Grant so recently got awarded the an SCF Grant so. Recently got awarded the an SCF Grant so thank you very much for that right now thank you very much for that right now. Thank you very much for that right now we're building the API version two we're building the API version two. We're building the API version two because we're preparing for OD hack because we're preparing for OD hack. Because we're preparing for OD hack number 11 where again if you want to number 11 where again if you want to. Number 11 where again if you want to contribute you're more than invited to contribute you're more than invited to. Contribute you're more than invited to contribute or another esro UI version contribute or another esro UI version. Contribute or another esro UI version too H some partner Integrations and too H some partner Integrations and. Too H some partner Integrations and there are some even research and and there are some even research and and. There are some even research and and tasks that we're going to add there H tasks that we're going to add there H. tasks that we're going to add there H we're getting ready for demo day on we're getting ready for demo day on. We're getting ready for demo day on Draper U which is by the end of January Draper U which is by the end of January. Draper U which is by the end of January and we are going to be launching on and we are going to be launching on. And we are going to be launching on mayet around q1 2025 probably around mayet around q1 2025 probably around. Mayet around q1 2025 probably around March H trustless work I mentioned only March H trustless work I mentioned only. March H trustless work I mentioned only dust and this is something really dust and this is something really. Dust and this is something really interesting that is happening with interesting that is happening with. Interesting that is happening with trustless work is that our hackathon trustless work is that our hackathon. Trustless work is that our hackathon projects the the ones that were in the projects the the ones that were in the. Projects the the ones that were in the in a tested launch have evolved into in a tested launch have evolved into. In a tested launch have evolved into becoming a vertical on their own so each becoming a vertical on their own so each. Becoming a vertical on their own so each one of these projects was part by one of these projects was part by. One of these projects was part by themselves of the only hack of the OD themselves of the only hack of the OD. Themselves of the only hack of the OD hack number 10 they got contributors by hack number 10 they got contributors by. Hack number 10 they got contributors by the themselves and they got funds to to the themselves and they got funds to to. The themselves and they got funds to to to initialize their development and to initialize their development and. To initialize their development and mature their their development so mature their their development so. Mature their their development so directly or indirectly I think trustless directly or indirectly I think trustless. Directly or indirectly I think trustless work has over 70 developers contributing. Work has over 70 developers contributing work has over 70 developers contributing. To the ecosystem and all of these to the ecosystem and all of these to the ecosystem and all of these. Projects are going to become templates projects are going to become templates projects are going to become templates. For Integrations that are going to make for Integrations that are going to make for Integrations that are going to make. Easier to integrate trustless work into easier to integrate trustless work into easier to integrate trustless work into. Into all use cases probably and incoming into all use cases probably and incoming. Into all use cases probably and incoming we have a casino poker use cases who we have a casino poker use cases who. We have a casino poker use cases who want to use escrow and trade F use cases want to use escrow and trade F use cases. Want to use escrow and trade F use cases one that I want one that I want one that I want. To to stand out is KFI KFI was able to to to stand out is KFI KFI was able to to to stand out is KFI KFI was able to. Build in a week build in a week build in a week crowdfunding H for social impact. Crowdfunding H for social impact crowdfunding H for social impact solution using our escros so. Solution using our escros so solution using our escros so basically they use our escros as a. Basically they use our escros as a basically they use our escros as a deposit account where people can deposit. Deposit account where people can deposit deposit account where people can deposit. Funds and they the payment is released funds and they the payment is released funds and they the payment is released. To the foundation by Milestones so yeah to the foundation by Milestones so yeah to the foundation by Milestones so yeah. We are getting into AI driven we are getting into AI driven we are getting into AI driven. Development also to accelerate how we development also to accelerate how we development also to accelerate how we. Are integrated in in common use are integrated in in common use are integrated in in common use. Cases we are a core team of four and cases we are a core team of four and cases we are a core team of four and. Myself Alberto I'm the CEO and product myself Alberto I'm the CEO and product myself Alberto I'm the CEO and product. Lead I have experience as product lead I have experience as product lead I have experience as product. Manager even from Project since Corda to manager even from Project since Corda to. Manager even from Project since Corda to ethereum to exerp base and Stellar and ethereum to exerp base and Stellar and. Ethereum to exerp base and Stellar and Joel Armando and calev they are the Joel Armando and calev they are the. Joel Armando and calev they are the development team they have been development team they have been. Development team they have been contributing to Stark net and ethereum contributing to Stark net and ethereum. Contributing to Stark net and ethereum ecosystems and now they moved into ecosystems and now they moved into. Ecosystems and now they moved into Stellar also because of this project Stellar also because of this project. Stellar also because of this project and we're also backed by a community of and we're also backed by a community of. And we're also backed by a community of over 180 developers from latam from over 180 developers from latam from. Over 180 developers from latam from Latin America H which is called Dojo Latin America H which is called Dojo. Latin America H which is called Dojo coding shout out to them they're coding shout out to them they're. Coding shout out to them they're probably going to be here and yeah probably going to be here and yeah. Probably going to be here and yeah that's what we're doing in in that's what we're doing in in. That's what we're doing in in trustless work the this is a linked to trustless work the this is a linked to. Trustless work the this is a linked to my LinkedIn if you want to connect I my LinkedIn if you want to connect I. My LinkedIn if you want to connect I will gladly do so if you want to will gladly do so if you want to. Will gladly do so if you want to contribute please do and yeah we're contribute please do and yeah we're. Contribute please do and yeah we're building again the the escrow building again the the escrow. Building again the the escrow infrastructure for the new economy and infrastructure for the new economy and. Infrastructure for the new economy and I'm very happy that it's going to happen I'm very happy that it's going to happen. I'm very happy that it's going to happen on Stellar great thank you for for the Stellar great thank you for for the. Presentation I think it's it's very presentation I think it's it's very presentation I think it's it's very. Exciting exciting exciting how fast you have really been able to to how fast you have really been able to to. How fast you have really been able to to spin this up and and already starting to. Spin this up and and already starting to spin this up and and already starting to. Get traction just a reminder are you get traction just a reminder are you get traction just a reminder are you. On test net or are you on Main net right on test net or are you on Main net right. On test net or are you on Main net right now we're on test net right now yeah so now we're on test net right now yeah so. Now we're on test net right now yeah so yeah there's a lot of things we have to yeah there's a lot of things we have to. Yeah there's a lot of things we have to figure out ER be U before we launch a figure out ER be U before we launch a. Figure out ER be U before we launch a main with real funds H we won't make main with real funds H we won't make. Main with real funds H we won't make Revenue until we have we're on Main it Revenue until we have we're on Main it. Revenue until we have we're on Main it so yeah but we don't want to rush that so yeah but we don't want to rush that. So yeah but we don't want to rush that we've gotten support from the community we've gotten support from the community. We've gotten support from the community am from Draper and seller Ventures so am from Draper and seller Ventures so. Am from Draper and seller Ventures so yeah we we want to take our time with yeah we we want to take our time with. Yeah we we want to take our time with that yeah so so anyone who wants to to that yeah so so anyone who wants to to. That yeah so so anyone who wants to to explore what you're doing they can explore what you're doing they can. Explore what you're doing they can go to your website I have seen your go to your website I have seen your. Go to your website I have seen your documentation is pretty good so I could documentation is pretty good so I could. Documentation is pretty good so I could actually start building on on your your actually start building on on your your. Actually start building on on your your platform right now if I wanted to Yes platform right now if I wanted to Yes . Platform right now if I wanted to Yes that's the idea yeah I've gotten really that's the idea yeah I've gotten really. That's the idea yeah I've gotten really much into deil also I'm part of deil uni much into deil also I'm part of deil uni. Much into deil also I'm part of deil uni H so I've been learning a lot about that. H so I've been learning a lot about that H so I've been learning a lot about that. And yeah we're working on our docks and and yeah we're working on our docks and and yeah we're working on our docks and. Making as simple as possible to go from making as simple as possible to go from making as simple as possible to go from. Zero to hello world so yeah yeah I think zero to hello world so yeah yeah I think. Zero to hello world so yeah yeah I think that that we talked about previously that that we talked about previously. That that we talked about previously was was open sourcing and and can you was was open sourcing and and can you. Was was open sourcing and and can you share a little bit about your experience. Share a little bit about your experience share a little bit about your experience. With open sourcing your projects sure with open sourcing your projects sure . With open sourcing your projects sure yeah it's been crazy I'm from product. Yeah it's been crazy I'm from product yeah it's been crazy I'm from product. Management so I am used to like over management so I am used to like over. Management so I am used to like over communicating things and features like communicating things and features like. Communicating things and features like to to to make things clearer but being to to to make things clearer but being. To to to make things clearer but being open source really has been like a a a open source really has been like a a a. Open source really has been like a a a great effort like to think about who's great effort like to think about who's. Great effort like to think about who's gonna come I don't know them they have gonna come I don't know them they have. Gonna come I don't know them they have no context on our product so how we can no context on our product so how we can. No context on our product so how we can make like their life easier and gladly make like their life easier and gladly. Make like their life easier and gladly our core team Joel arando and cev our core team Joel arando and cev. our core team Joel arando and cev they they have experience already you they they have experience already you. They they have experience already you know us so they have been in the other know us so they have been in the other. Know us so they have been in the other side of Open Source contributions also side of Open Source contributions also. Side of Open Source contributions also so they were they knew like the best so they were they knew like the best . So they were they knew like the best yeah like the formats how to explain it yeah like the formats how to explain it. Yeah like the formats how to explain it h we're also leveraging AI also like h we're also leveraging AI also like. H we're also leveraging AI also like I've learned that Cod rabbit really I've learned that Cod rabbit really. I've learned that Cod rabbit really helps like to to start to to describe H helps like to to start to to describe H. Helps like to to start to to describe H things and and yeah look for things and and yeah look for. Things and and yeah look for improvements but yeah I think that the improvements but yeah I think that the. Improvements but yeah I think that the traction like how we were able like to traction like how we were able like to. Traction like how we were able like to build like I think by faes we got like build like I think by faes we got like. Build like I think by faes we got like the hackathon as phase one so we built the hackathon as phase one so we built. The hackathon as phase one so we built like trustless work was an API we got like trustless work was an API we got. Like trustless work was an API we got like these five teams building hackathon like these five teams building hackathon. Like these five teams building hackathon projects and after od10 like they're all. Projects and after od10 like they're all projects and after od10 like they're all. Like more mature like each one got like like more mature like each one got like like more mature like each one got like. 20 contributors so it's crazy how we 20 contributors so it's crazy how we 20 contributors so it's crazy how we. Were able like to start building this were able like to start building this were able like to start building this. Ecosystem and now it's really ecosystem and now it's really ecosystem and now it's really. Interesting like to connect them like interesting like to connect them like interesting like to connect them like. Both that we doing marketplaces to both that we doing marketplaces to both that we doing marketplaces to. Connect them so they can start also connect them so they can start also connect them so they can start also. Accelerating their own and focus on accelerating their own and focus on accelerating their own and focus on. Different aspects of it h so yeah I'm different aspects of it h so yeah I'm different aspects of it h so yeah I'm. Really excited on the on the really excited on the on the really excited on the on the. Opportunities and the possibilities that opportunities and the possibilities that. Opportunities and the possibilities that this provides like to build that this provides like to build that. This provides like to build that ecosystem and to start even mapping ecosystem and to start even mapping. Ecosystem and to start even mapping contributions like now we're moving contributions like now we're moving. Contributions like now we're moving everything to GitHub like even the everything to GitHub like even the. Everything to GitHub like even the documentation all the work I do because documentation all the work I do because. Documentation all the work I do because it's not you know it's hard to track it's not you know it's hard to track. It's not you know it's hard to track even what I do so now we want to track even what I do so now we want to track. Even what I do so now we want to track it so because again we want to be able it so because again we want to be able. It so because again we want to be able to to leverage that as much as possible to to leverage that as much as possible. To to leverage that as much as possible and yeah we're getting we're learning a and yeah we're getting we're learning a. And yeah we're getting we're learning a lot and it's really interesting that's lot and it's really interesting that's. Lot and it's really interesting that's great you mentioned in your great you mentioned in your. Great you mentioned in your presentation real estate because presentation real estate because. Presentation real estate because that's probably where most of us know that's probably where most of us know. That's probably where most of us know escros from but can you maybe talk a escros from but can you maybe talk a. Escros from but can you maybe talk a little bit about what kind of projects little bit about what kind of projects. Little bit about what kind of projects that are interested in using your that are interested in using your. That are interested in using your service what kind of categories what service what kind of categories what. Service what kind of categories what kind of Industries they're in because I kind of Industries they're in because I. Kind of Industries they're in because I know it's not just real estate companies know it's not just real estate companies. Know it's not just real estate companies yeah yeah I've gotten a lot of interest yeah yeah I've gotten a lot of interest. Yeah yeah I've gotten a lot of interest from Real Estate that's for sure ER I from Real Estate that's for sure ER I I. From Real Estate that's for sure ER I myself I explain that we are myself I explain that we are. Myself I explain that we are infrastructure provider like we are a infrastructure provider like we are a. Infrastructure provider like we are a technical partner like we are not technical partner like we are not. Technical partner like we are not building for real real estate but they building for real real estate but they. Building for real real estate but they can obviously leverage us so this can obviously leverage us so this. Can obviously leverage us so this unlocks like for example for real estate unlocks like for example for real estate. Unlocks like for example for real estate agents or even lawyers to deploy their agents or even lawyers to deploy their. Agents or even lawyers to deploy their own escros and not require this banking own escros and not require this banking. Own escros and not require this banking agent that may take three days two days agent that may take three days two days. Agent that may take three days two days and where's the wire kind of like and where's the wire kind of like. And where's the wire kind of like experience which is every what I get as experience which is every what I get as. Experience which is every what I get as feedback but even more than that for feedback but even more than that for. Feedback but even more than that for example a trade f is really interesting example a trade f is really interesting. Example a trade f is really interesting I'm from Costa Rica I mentioned I'm from Costa Rica I mentioned. I'm from Costa Rica I mentioned earlier Costa Rica is a was just invited earlier Costa Rica is a was just invited. Earlier Costa Rica is a was just invited to join a to join a to join a a trade Union with 14 countries in the. A trade Union with 14 countries in the a trade Union with 14 countries in the Pacific so it starts becoming really. Pacific so it starts becoming really Pacific so it starts becoming really interesting like how are we going to. Interesting like how are we going to interesting like how are we going to handle payments you know with the new. Handle payments you know with the new handle payments you know with the new countries new economies that we don't. Countries new economies that we don't countries new economies that we don't have like a lot of H Financial. Have like a lot of H Financial have like a lot of H Financial relationship with Malaysia Singapore. Relationship with Malaysia Singapore relationship with Malaysia Singapore Peru those kind of countries so trade f. Peru those kind of countries so trade f Peru those kind of countries so trade f is something that's really interesting. Is something that's really interesting is something that's really interesting right now for us H but also for example. Right now for us H but also for example right now for us H but also for example one of the teams buil used our ESR to. One of the teams buil used our ESR to one of the teams buil used our ESR to create a security deposit solution for. Create a security deposit solution for create a security deposit solution for house rentals for example if you think. House rentals for example if you think house rentals for example if you think about it like every time you do a. About it like every time you do a about it like every time you do a security deposit in any Hospitality car. Security deposit in any Hospitality car security deposit in any Hospitality car rentals house rentals like it's always. Rentals house rentals like it's always rentals house rentals like it's always the card processor and you never know. The card processor and you never know the card processor and you never know where the money is and it's always. Where the money is and it's always where the money is and it's always blocked for a certain amount of time and. Blocked for a certain amount of time and blocked for a certain amount of time and. Nobody's responsible for that and yeah nobody's responsible for that and yeah nobody's responsible for that and yeah. They created this because escr are they created this because escr are they created this because escr are. Configurable in that sense they created configurable in that sense they created configurable in that sense they created. An escrow that again is release back to an escrow that again is release back to an escrow that again is release back to. Myself unless there is a unless there is myself unless there is a unless there is. Myself unless there is a unless there is a dispute so that's like security a dispute so that's like security. A dispute so that's like security security deposits and if you look for security deposits and if you look for. Security deposits and if you look for security deposit technology there's like security deposit technology there's like. Security deposit technology there's like not much out there H so it becomes not much out there H so it becomes. Not much out there H so it becomes really interesting like to start really interesting like to start . Really interesting like to start experimenting with this and seeing for experimenting with this and seeing for. Experimenting with this and seeing for example if we do a plugin for I don't example if we do a plugin for I don't. Example if we do a plugin for I don't know Cloud BS or like plugin for jeta or know Cloud BS or like plugin for jeta or. Know Cloud BS or like plugin for jeta or do this in integrate this in Shopify and. Do this in integrate this in Shopify and do this in integrate this in Shopify and. Different types of of interactions that different types of of interactions that different types of of interactions that. Are becoming really interesting and are becoming really interesting and are becoming really interesting and. Again we can again we can again we can only aboard those by being open source only aboard those by being open source. Only aboard those by being open source and getting as much contri to get this and getting as much contri to get this. And getting as much contri to get this band with because yeah if it was band with because yeah if it was. Band with because yeah if it was internal resources it would be internal resources it would be. Internal resources it would be impossible impossible yeah yeah and it impossible impossible yeah yeah and it. Impossible impossible yeah yeah and it sounds like it's it's not just crypto sounds like it's it's not just crypto. Sounds like it's it's not just crypto companies or crypto projects that are. companies or crypto projects that are companies or crypto projects that are. Interested in in in in in using your interested in in in in in using your interested in in in in in using your. Service actually maybe the opposite service actually maybe the opposite service actually maybe the opposite. Maybe the opposite yeah yeah and that's maybe the opposite yeah yeah and that's maybe the opposite yeah yeah and that's. Al also one of the main reasons we chose Al also one of the main reasons we chose. Al also one of the main reasons we chose Stellar the the anchor Network and the Stellar the the anchor Network and the. Stellar the the anchor Network and the unram and offrs partners yeah we unram and offrs partners yeah we. Unram and offrs partners yeah we don't we want them to be like have a don't we want them to be like have a. Don't we want them to be like have a good experience be able to send an a be good experience be able to send an a be. Good experience be able to send an a be able to send a wire it depends on the able to send a wire it depends on the. Able to send a wire it depends on the use case like even credit card or or use case like even credit card or or. Use case like even credit card or or card processing so so yeah there's all card processing so so yeah there's all. Card processing so so yeah there's all these partners that we need to explore these partners that we need to explore. These partners that we need to explore and start integrating or make it as and start integrating or make it as. And start integrating or make it as simple as possible to integrate four simple as possible to integrate four. Simple as possible to integrate four people ER platforms we're going to use people ER platforms we're going to use. People ER platforms we're going to use our our our technology so yeah we're really. Technology so yeah we're really technology so yeah we're really excited for that . Excited for that excited for that what other one yeah it's mostly that what other one yeah it's mostly that. What other one yeah it's mostly that crowdfunding is becoming really crowdfunding is becoming really. Crowdfunding is becoming really interesting also like for Aid like if we interesting also like for Aid like if we. Interesting also like for Aid like if we make it very simple to deploy like this make it very simple to deploy like this. Make it very simple to deploy like this kind of esrs to receive payments from kind of esrs to receive payments from. Kind of esrs to receive payments from globally it it's really interesting for globally it it's really interesting for. Globally it it's really interesting for Aid also so there are a lot of Aid also so there are a lot of. Aid also so there are a lot of opportunities to abstract the opportunities to abstract the. Opportunities to abstract the blockchain and and yeah become yesterday blockchain and and yeah become yesterday. Blockchain and and yeah become yesterday I said I was preing yesterday and they I said I was preing yesterday and they. I said I was preing yesterday and they said we wanted to become like the stripe said we wanted to become like the stripe. Said we wanted to become like the stripe of of of escros and which is ambitious for me. Escros and which is ambitious for me escros and which is ambitious for me and somebody corrected me and said like. And somebody corrected me and said like and somebody corrected me and said like no let's do the Salesforce for esos so. No let's do the Salesforce for esos so no let's do the Salesforce for esos so so so yeah that's the kind of. So so yeah that's the kind of so so yeah that's the kind of infrastructure that we want to to. Infrastructure that we want to to infrastructure that we want to to provide and I think a EST Stellar is. Provide and I think a EST Stellar is provide and I think a EST Stellar is perfect for that I think we are in a. Perfect for that I think we are in a perfect for that I think we are in a great moment for that stable coin. Great moment for that stable coin great moment for that stable coin adoption is like booming and and yeah. Adoption is like booming and and yeah adoption is like booming and and yeah hopefully hopefully we're right on time. Hopefully hopefully we're right on time hopefully hopefully we're right on time yeah yeah it's it's it's amazing to see. Yeah yeah it's it's it's amazing to see yeah yeah it's it's it's amazing to see see what your building and and how fast. See what your building and and how fast see what your building and and how fast you're doing it it's it's really it's . You're doing it it's it's really it's you're doing it it's it's really it's . It's a huge inspiration also also it's a huge inspiration also also it's a huge inspiration also also. That you really Embrace open source and that you really Embrace open source and that you really Embrace open source and. I think I think that's that's you're I think I think that's that's you're I think I think that's that's you're. Really shown that that by embracing open really shown that that by embracing open. Really shown that that by embracing open source and putting it out there you source and putting it out there you. Source and putting it out there you get a lot of contributions you get a lot get a lot of contributions you get a lot. Get a lot of contributions you get a lot of people playing around with it so of people playing around with it so. Of people playing around with it so so yeah that's that's that's great to so yeah that's that's that's great to. So yeah that's that's that's great to see as well yeah the verticals can also see as well yeah the verticals can also. See as well yeah the verticals can also like add like we have a fixed fee for like add like we have a fixed fee for. Like add like we have a fixed fee for trustless work like on escros trustless work like on escros. Trustless work like on escros which is 3% and they can add an extra which is 3% and they can add an extra. Which is 3% and they can add an extra fee so like if they like they become the fee so like if they like they become the. Fee so like if they like they become the security deposits like product on top of. Security deposits like product on top of security deposits like product on top of. Us like they there is a huge business us like they there is a huge business us like they there is a huge business. Model to have so like that's why we're model to have so like that's why we're model to have so like that's why we're. Taking like such a small tiny cut taking like such a small tiny cut taking like such a small tiny cut. Because we want to provide like that because we want to provide like that because we want to provide like that. Layer zero of infrastructure so that all layer zero of infrastructure so that all. Layer zero of infrastructure so that all their products can come and build upon their products can come and build upon. Their products can come and build upon us and offer this functionality which us and offer this functionality which. Us and offer this functionality which it's mostly like people have it's mostly like people have. It's mostly like people have experimented with this but it's mostly experimented with this but it's mostly. Experimented with this but it's mostly untested in a lot of niches use cases untested in a lot of niches use cases. Untested in a lot of niches use cases and verticals all around like every time and verticals all around like every time. And verticals all around like every time I talk to someone I get like 10 ideas of. I talk to someone I get like 10 ideas of I talk to someone I get like 10 ideas of. Things we can build back and yeah only s things we can build back and yeah only s. Things we can build back and yeah only s open source is the only way honestly do open source is the only way honestly do. Open source is the only way honestly do you have any any idea when you will you have any any idea when you will. You have any any idea when you will actually go live on actually go live on actually go live on. Mainnet according to our seller mainnet according to our seller mainnet according to our seller. Community Fund Grant around March April Community Fund Grant around March April Community Fund Grant around March April. Is is what we want we're targeting for is is what we want we're targeting for is is what we want we're targeting for. That that that yeah we're still like version two of the yeah we're still like version two of the. Yeah we're still like version two of the contract is already like the API goes contract is already like the API goes. Contract is already like the API goes after that and like we have all that after that and like we have all that. After that and like we have all that that kind of flow H so yeah I think I that kind of flow H so yeah I think I. That kind of flow H so yeah I think I think it's really feasible by by March think it's really feasible by by March. Think it's really feasible by by March yeah I think it's it's also quick yeah I think it's it's also quick. Yeah I think it's it's also quick that's it's it's only like three that's it's it's only like three. that's it's it's only like three four months away so yeah part of the four months away so yeah part of the. Four months away so yeah part of the grant part of the Community Fund Grant grant part of the Community Fund Grant. Grant part of the Community Fund Grant also has this auditing H so I'm also also has this auditing H so I'm also. Also has this auditing H so I'm also looking forward for that looking forward for that. Looking forward for that because that would really like help and because that would really like help and. Because that would really like help and also that's why open source makes a lot also that's why open source makes a lot. Also that's why open source makes a lot of sense so as much eyes as possible own of sense so as much eyes as possible own. Of sense so as much eyes as possible own our contracts and so on so we get get our contracts and so on so we get get. Our contracts and so on so we get get more feedback which is one of the best more feedback which is one of the best. More feedback which is one of the best validation techniques I think yeah validation techniques I think yeah. validation techniques I think yeah yeah yeah I think I think when when yeah yeah I think I think when when. Yeah yeah I think I think when when you're holding other people's funds you're holding other people's funds. You're holding other people's funds the the auditing part is super critical the the auditing part is super critical. The the auditing part is super critical it's it's just just it's it's just just. it's it's just just having a third party having a third party having a third party. Verify your code go through your code verify your code go through your code verify your code go through your code. And and be able to say that that this and and be able to say that that this and and be able to say that that this. That our code and our solution has been that our code and our solution has been that our code and our solution has been. Audited by a third party I think it also audited by a third party I think it also. Audited by a third party I think it also builds a lot of trust so yeah so so yeah. Builds a lot of trust so yeah so so yeah builds a lot of trust so yeah so so yeah. It's it's I think it's it's a great it's it's I think it's it's a great it's it's I think it's it's a great. Thing that we have that in as a part of thing that we have that in as a part of thing that we have that in as a part of. Our Community Fund program yeah yeah our Community Fund program yeah yeah our Community Fund program yeah yeah. It's really useful looking forward for it's really useful looking forward for it's really useful looking forward for. That okay great great thank you so much that okay great great thank you so much that okay great great thank you so much. It's always a pleasure to talk to you it's always a pleasure to talk to you it's always a pleasure to talk to you. And it's super exciting to see and it's super exciting to see and it's super exciting to see. You're making and what you're building you're making and what you're building you're making and what you're building. On Stellar it's I think it's an on Stellar it's I think it's an on Stellar it's I think it's an. Inspiration for everyone in the inspiration for everyone in the inspiration for everyone in the. Community thank you thank you for community thank you thank you for community thank you thank you for. Joining sure my pleasure talk to you joining sure my pleasure talk to you joining sure my pleasure talk to you. Later later later bye okay and then let me see then as a part of the new the new. See then as a part of the new the new format we we're trying out here format we we're trying out here . format we we're trying out here we'll we'll try to do the the we'll we'll try to do the the. We'll we'll try to do the the presentations a little bit shorter and presentations a little bit shorter and. Presentations a little bit shorter and then have have maybe two or three then have have maybe two or three. Then have have maybe two or three presentations per per per time this presentations per per per time this. Presentations per per per time this time I we don't have a second time I we don't have a second. Time I we don't have a second presentation but instead I am going to presentation but instead I am going to. Presentation but instead I am going to experiment with a little bit with some experiment with a little bit with some. Experiment with a little bit with some live coding I have been testing out live coding I have been testing out. Live coding I have been testing out some AI tools that can assist you some AI tools that can assist you. Some AI tools that can assist you in in building smart contracts on in in building smart contracts on. In in building smart contracts on Stellar and and I think I think it's Stellar and and I think I think it's. Stellar and and I think I think it's interesting and seeing from the interesting and seeing from the. Interesting and seeing from the perspective that if you're new to perspective that if you're new to. Perspective that if you're new to building smart contracts in soran or building smart contracts in soran or. Building smart contracts in soran or on Stellar then then some of these tools on Stellar then then some of these tools. On Stellar then then some of these tools can be be a great help so let's see can be be a great help so let's see. Can be be a great help so let's see if I can if I can share my it's it's loading here let see if I can. It's it's loading here let see if I can make it a little bit bigger yeah okay so what I'm going to show. Yeah okay so what I'm going to show here is just the hello world here is just the hello world. Here is just the hello world application the the demo example app application the the demo example app. Application the the demo example app we have show how to run that this we have show how to run that this. We have show how to run that this inside cursor cursor is is an AI inside cursor cursor is is an AI. Inside cursor cursor is is an AI assisted IDE you can use for many assisted IDE you can use for many. Assisted IDE you can use for many different software language different software language. Different software language and just for the fun of it I tested it and just for the fun of it I tested it. And just for the fun of it I tested it out not that long time ago to see out not that long time ago to see. Out not that long time ago to see because I was pretty sure it's probably because I was pretty sure it's probably. Because I was pretty sure it's probably that's probably not support for for for that's probably not support for for for. That's probably not support for for for soran but I to to my surprise that soran but I to to my surprise that. Soran but I to to my surprise that that was actually pretty good support that was actually pretty good support. That was actually pretty good support so I'm just going to go through a very so I'm just going to go through a very. So I'm just going to go through a very simple example of how you can use it and simple example of how you can use it and. Simple example of how you can use it and and I think this this might be very and I think this this might be very. And I think this this might be very helpful if you're new to developing on helpful if you're new to developing on. Helpful if you're new to developing on on on Stell soran so so let's let's just on on Stell soran so so let's let's just. On on Stell soran so so let's let's just give it a give it a try it looks very. Give it a give it a try it looks very give it a give it a try it looks very. Much like like like other tools you much like like like other tools you much like like like other tools you. Are you're used to using the it the the are you're used to using the it the the are you're used to using the it the the. The ID is is pretty pretty standard the ID is is pretty pretty standard the ID is is pretty pretty standard. Looking and I have a terminal and I looking and I have a terminal and I looking and I have a terminal and I. Will just try to I'll just try to will just try to I'll just try to will just try to I'll just try to . To set up the the hello world smart to set up the the hello world smart to set up the the hello world smart. Contract contract contract so let's try this okay so what we have here this okay so what we have here. Is a new smart contract it's the hello is a new smart contract it's the hello is a new smart contract it's the hello. World smart contract and we can try to world smart contract and we can try to world smart contract and we can try to. Open the code open the code open the code here and this is very much like what here and this is very much like what. Here and this is very much like what you're used to seeing in your in your you're used to seeing in your in your. You're used to seeing in your in your    IDE and we can do the same we can in. IDE and we can do the same we can in IDE and we can do the same we can in other IDs so let's let's just try to run. Other IDs so let's let's just try to run other IDs so let's let's just try to run. This this this let's run a directory and it just takes a minute and directory and it just takes a minute and. Then it should hopefully run the the then it should hopefully run the the then it should hopefully run the the. Test without any issues while this is test without any issues while this is test without any issues while this is. Running the what I want to show here running the what I want to show here running the what I want to show here. Is I'm going to take this very simple is I'm going to take this very simple is I'm going to take this very simple. Smart contract and then I'm going to add smart contract and then I'm going to add. Smart contract and then I'm going to add some function it to it what I want to. Some function it to it what I want to some function it to it what I want to. Do is I want to store the value to that do is I want to store the value to that do is I want to store the value to that. Is provided by by by the the caller the is provided by by by the the caller the is provided by by by the the caller the. Invoker and if there is already a value invoker and if there is already a value invoker and if there is already a value. Stored stored stored and we are not providing a value when we and we are not providing a value when we. And we are not providing a value when we when we invoke the the smart contract so. When we invoke the the smart contract so when we invoke the the smart contract so. If two is empty then I'll just take the if two is empty then I'll just take the if two is empty then I'll just take the. Last value that's a very simple very last value that's a very simple very last value that's a very simple very. Simple smart contract but but it simple smart contract but but it simple smart contract but but it. Actually shows shows actually shows shows actually shows shows a a pretty a good example of what what. A a pretty a good example of what what a a pretty a good example of what what you're doing like when you're messing. You're doing like when you're messing you're doing like when you're messing around with code for the first time or. Around with code for the first time or around with code for the first time or when you're if you're very new to it so. When you're if you're very new to it so when you're if you're very new to it so let's try that out so. Let's try that out so let's try that out so first I want to first I want to first I want to. Store I can see it is already remembered store I can see it is already remembered. Store I can see it is already remembered what I've done before that's it's not what I've done before that's it's not. What I've done before that's it's not supposed to do that but what what I supposed to do that but what what I. Supposed to do that but what what I do here in in in the in the IDE is do here in in in the in the IDE is. Do here in in in the in the IDE is that I press command and K I'm using that I press command and K I'm using. That I press command and K I'm using Macbook so it's command and then I Macbook so it's command and then I I. Macbook so it's command and then I write write write let's see let's say say store. let's see let's say say store let's see let's say say store to in to in. To in storage so I just type what what I want storage so I just type what what I want. Storage so I just type what what I want to accomplish what I want to do and then to accomplish what I want to do and then. To accomplish what I want to do and then I click the generate I click the generate. I click the generate button and then it will make a button and then it will make a. Button and then it will make a suggestion and I can see that this is suggestion and I can see that this is. Suggestion and I can see that this is not just some generic rust code this is not just some generic rust code this is. Not just some generic rust code this is actually this is actually soran code actually this is actually soran code. Actually this is actually soran code and I think this looks pretty good so and I think this looks pretty good so. And I think this looks pretty good so let's just accept let's just accept let's just accept. That so so now we have a line here that that so so now we have a line here that that so so now we have a line here that. Was generated by the AI that was generated by the AI that was generated by the AI that. Stores the the value from the string stores the the value from the string stores the the value from the string. From two when it's provided to our from two when it's provided to our from two when it's provided to our. Instant storage I can I can then say Okay storage I can I can then say Okay . I only want to use this storage I only want to use this storage I only want to use this storage. If if the two value here when we if if the two value here when we if if the two value here when we. Invoke the smart contract if there's no invoke the smart contract if there's no invoke the smart contract if there's no. Value here then I want to use the then I value here then I want to use the then I. Value here then I want to use the then I want to use the the the stored value want to use the the the stored value. Want to use the the the stored value from the first time we ran it so so from the first time we ran it so so. From the first time we ran it so so let's let's try to to have it do that let's let's try to to have it do that. Let's let's try to to have it do that again I press command and again I press command and. Again I press command and okay and then then let's just okay and then then let's just. Okay and then then let's just say and again I just describe it it if say and again I just describe it it if. Say and again I just describe it it if if two is if two is if two is empty empty empty. Use two from with okay so it actually initializes a with okay so it actually initializes a. New in new variable and it checks if two new in new variable and it checks if two. New in new variable and it checks if two is is has a length that's equal zero and. Is is has a length that's equal zero and is is has a length that's equal zero and. If it if it is then we get it from from if it if it is then we get it from from if it if it is then we get it from from. Storage and if not then we just return storage and if not then we just return storage and if not then we just return. The one we got from the the parameter the one we got from the the parameter the one we got from the the parameter. From an invoking the smart contract this from an invoking the smart contract this. From an invoking the smart contract this this looks pretty good so so let's this looks pretty good so so let's . This looks pretty good so so let's let's just do that and having this line of code here. That and having this line of code here is actually fine because this if if is actually fine because this if if. Is actually fine because this if if it's valid then we want to update the it's valid then we want to update the. It's valid then we want to update the value in storage and if it's if it's value in storage and if it's if it's . Value in storage and if it's if it's just getting the same from from just getting the same from from. Just getting the same from from before if if two was empty then it's before if if two was empty then it's. Before if if two was empty then it's just restoring the same value so that's just restoring the same value so that's. Just restoring the same value so that's that's fine too so so let's let's that's fine too so so let's let's. That's fine too so so let's let's let's try to run this I'm not going to let's try to run this I'm not going to. Let's try to run this I'm not going to build and deploy it to test net I'm just build and deploy it to test net I'm just. Build and deploy it to test net I'm just going to use the test case and if we going to use the test case and if we. Going to use the test case and if we go to go to go to test first I just want to store. This so if we see the test case here this so if we see the test case here that is provided it comes out of the box. That is provided it comes out of the box that is provided it comes out of the box. When we when we create the the when we when we create the the when we when we create the the. Smart contract smart contract smart contract then then then we provide Dev as a string when we. We provide Dev as a string when we we provide Dev as a string when we invoke the contract and then we check. Invoke the contract and then we check invoke the contract and then we check for it if it contains Dev but because we. For it if it contains Dev but because we for it if it contains Dev but because we. Also want to test for the case where also want to test for the case where also want to test for the case where. There there's not a string not a there there's not a string not a there there's not a string not a. String when we invoke it let's create string when we invoke it let's create. String when we invoke it let's create the test case for that as mutable and then we just add. Mutable and then we just add an empty string here so when we run this an empty string here so when we run this. An empty string here so when we run this because we ran this one first where we because we ran this one first where we. Because we ran this one first where we stored Dev the dev string in storage we stored Dev the dev string in storage we. Stored Dev the dev string in storage we should still get get Dev when we run should still get get Dev when we run. Should still get get Dev when we run this test even though we don't provide a this test even though we don't provide a. This test even though we don't provide a string here so string here so string here so. Let's let's try to run this error if we go back to the the code here error if we go back to the the code here. this way of setting what type of this way of setting what type of this way of setting what type of. Output we're getting is probably output we're getting is probably output we're getting is probably. Throwing an error so let's just specify throwing an error so let's just specify throwing an error so let's just specify. That this is a string that this is a string that this is a string and let's see if we can run it. And let's see if we can run it and let's see if we can run it again okay so it it now completed so. Again okay so it it now completed so again okay so it it now completed so that means that first it both test test. That means that first it both test test that means that first it both test test cases here were were passed the whole. Cases here were were passed the whole cases here were were passed the whole test file as a as a whole was was. Test file as a as a whole was was test file as a as a whole was was completed and without errors so when we. Completed and without errors so when we completed and without errors so when we provide Dev as a parameter first when we. Provide Dev as a parameter first when we provide Dev as a parameter first when we. Invoke the contract we store that in in invoke the contract we store that in in invoke the contract we store that in in. The storage and then the second time we the storage and then the second time we the storage and then the second time we. Run it without without the value and it run it without without the value and it run it without without the value and it. Still gets dep because it's pulling it still gets dep because it's pulling it still gets dep because it's pulling it. From from the the the from from the the the from from the the the storage now I know a little bit more. Storage now I know a little bit more storage now I know a little bit more about storage on on in sorond so I. About storage on on in sorond so I about storage on on in sorond so I know that this is instant storage . Know that this is instant storage know that this is instant storage there we have three different types of. There we have three different types of there we have three different types of storage we have the the instant storage. Storage we have the the instant storage storage we have the the instant storage we have the the temporary storage and we. We have the the temporary storage and we we have the the temporary storage and we. Have the the the permanent storage so is have the the the permanent storage so is. Have the the the permanent storage so is this the right one to use and and that's. This the right one to use and and that's this the right one to use and and that's. A neat little feature that I can use I a neat little feature that I can use I a neat little feature that I can use I. Can actually ask the IDE if this is the can actually ask the IDE if this is the can actually ask the IDE if this is the. Right if if this is the right source right if if this is the right source right if if this is the right source. To use so I use command and to use so I use command and to use so I use command and. L and let's L and let's L and let's just delete just delete just delete these and then I can. These and then I can these and then I can ask type should I type should I use let's see what I. Get so here we actually getting get so here we actually getting it says this is actually not a relevant. Says this is actually not a relevant    example let's try try to rephrase. Example let's try try to rephrase example let's try try to rephrase this is more a front end. This is more a front end this is more a front end answer answer answer if I ask is. At seems it looking like I actually had at seems it looking like I actually had it . It it this is typical when you do something this is typical when you do something. This is typical when you do something live let's see what yeah this was a little bit more. What yeah this was a little bit more along the lines of what what it returned along the lines of what what it returned. Along the lines of what what it returned when I was testing it out but but I when I was testing it out but but I. When I was testing it out but but I can actually hear in the IDE can actually hear in the IDE. Can actually hear in the IDE ask what the different storage types are ask what the different storage types are. Ask what the different storage types are and it mentions instant storage and it mentions instant storage. and it mentions instant storage persistent storage and temporary storage persistent storage and temporary storage. Persistent storage and temporary storage and then it gives me an example of how and then it gives me an example of how. And then it gives me an example of how to use to use to use it and then it gives me some some more. It and then it gives me some some more it and then it gives me some some more information I have actually had it . Information I have actually had it information I have actually had it . Reply to me that because of the the reply to me that because of the the reply to me that because of the the. Nature of the the smart contract the nature of the the smart contract the nature of the the smart contract the. Functionality that I that I I'm building functionality that I that I I'm building. Functionality that I that I I'm building here that I had pick the right storage here that I had pick the right storage. Here that I had pick the right storage type that instant storage would be the type that instant storage would be the. Type that instant storage would be the best type it it was that that's what best type it it was that that's what. Best type it it was that that's what I was hoping it would show again but but I was hoping it would show again but but. I was hoping it would show again but but we can actually instead of having to go we can actually instead of having to go. We can actually instead of having to go to documentation or or go to to other to documentation or or go to to other. To documentation or or go to to other places to see and to learn more about it places to see and to learn more about it. Places to see and to learn more about it we can actually just use the chat and we can actually just use the chat and. We can actually just use the chat and and and get some some valuable feedback and and get some some valuable feedback. And and get some some valuable feedback at least at least some of the times so at least at least some of the times so. At least at least some of the times so so yeah this this was a this was a quick so yeah this this was a this was a quick. So yeah this this was a this was a quick example of example of example of how AI is is going to help us build. How AI is is going to help us build how AI is is going to help us build smart contracts as well I was really. Smart contracts as well I was really smart contracts as well I was really. Pleasantly surprised when I saw that pleasantly surprised when I saw that pleasantly surprised when I saw that . That it it it knows how to how to assist that it it it knows how to how to assist. That it it it knows how to how to assist me when I'm building smart contracts and. Me when I'm building smart contracts and me when I'm building smart contracts and. And I think it's it's it's a it it's and I think it's it's it's a it it's and I think it's it's it's a it it's. Really relevant for especially really relevant for especially really relevant for especially . Developers who are new to seller new to developers who are new to seller new to developers who are new to seller new to. Soran that that they can get a little soran that that they can get a little soran that that they can get a little. Bit of of help without leaving the bit of of help without leaving the bit of of help without leaving the. The ID so so yeah I hope I hope this the ID so so yeah I hope I hope this the ID so so yeah I hope I hope this. Was helpful and maybe you you feel was helpful and maybe you you feel was helpful and maybe you you feel. Like like like trying it yourself like like like trying it yourself like like like trying it yourself . I have just tried this tool it's cursor I have just tried this tool it's cursor I have just tried this tool it's cursor. and it's a free version I'm using and it's a free version I'm using and it's a free version I'm using. It's not an endorsement or anything it's it's not an endorsement or anything it's. It's not an endorsement or anything it's just the one that I happen to to try out. Just the one that I happen to to try out just the one that I happen to to try out. but but yeah try to play with it but but yeah try to play with it but but yeah try to play with it. And I think I think it's it's it's and I think I think it's it's it's and I think I think it's it's it's. It's great fun and and eventually I it's great fun and and eventually I it's great fun and and eventually I. Think it it'll be it'll help me to get think it it'll be it'll help me to get think it it'll be it'll help me to get. More productive when I'm more productive when I'm more productive when I'm coding okay that's that's all I had. Coding okay that's that's all I had coding okay that's that's all I had for today I don't know if there's any. For today I don't know if there's any for today I don't know if there's any. Questions we can take questions if if questions we can take questions if if questions we can take questions if if. There is anything I see Chris has been very active I see Chris has been very active. Answering questions and commenting as answering questions and commenting as answering questions and commenting as. Well discussion okay if if there's not discussion okay if if there's not anything else then thank you. Anything else then thank you anything else then thank you everyone for joining I hope this this. Everyone for joining I hope this this everyone for joining I hope this this that you like this format we will . that you like this format we will that you like this format we will we will start we will continue to to. We will start we will continue to to we will start we will continue to to experiment and try different things and. Experiment and try different things and experiment and try different things and and I think I think it's it looks. And I think I think it's it looks and I think I think it's it looks like twitch is giving us a lot less. Like twitch is giving us a lot less like twitch is giving us a lot less technical issues than we've had in the. Technical issues than we've had in the technical issues than we've had in the past when we've done done these. Past when we've done done these past when we've done done these meetings on Discord so so so yeah. Meetings on Discord so so so yeah meetings on Discord so so so yeah we'll we'll continue here and and. We'll we'll continue here and and we'll we'll continue here and and shortly we will send out and I'll share. Shortly we will send out and I'll share shortly we will send out and I'll share that on Discord as well we'll have a. That on Discord as well we'll have a that on Discord as well we'll have a we'll have a a a sign up page where you. We'll have a a a sign up page where you we'll have a a a sign up page where you can sign up for notifications so when. Can sign up for notifications so when can sign up for notifications so when when we when we plan a new session and. When we when we plan a new session and when we when we plan a new session and we go live you you can get an email. We go live you you can get an email we go live you you can get an email notification that was one of the that. Notification that was one of the that notification that was one of the that was one of the suggestions that we got. Was one of the suggestions that we got was one of the suggestions that we got from from the session we did where we. From from the session we did where we from from the session we did where we talked about some of our plans and what. Talked about some of our plans and what talked about some of our plans and what we would like to do and and was looking. We would like to do and and was looking we would like to do and and was looking for feedback and and and we are. For feedback and and and we are for feedback and and and we are working on setting up an email list. Working on setting up an email list working on setting up an email list so so you can subscribe to that and and. So so you can subscribe to that and and so so you can subscribe to that and and get notifications when when we when. Get notifications when when we when get notifications when when we when we have a a new planned meeting so. We have a a new planned meeting so we have a a new planned meeting so. So thank you everyone for joining we'll so thank you everyone for joining we'll so thank you everyone for joining we'll. See you in a week.
