Hello and welcome to this week's Hello and welcome to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting. Today I have a. Stellar Developer Meeting. Today I have a Stellar Developer Meeting. Today I have a. Guest from Open Sein. I have Bram. Guest from Open Sein. I have Bram. Guest from Open Sein. I have Bram. Welcome to to the meeting and Welcome to to the meeting and Welcome to to the meeting and . Please introduce yourself. Please introduce yourself. Please introduce yourself. Hey Ken. thanks and happy to be here. Hey Ken. thanks and happy to be here. Hey Ken. thanks and happy to be here. so yeah my name is Bram part of the so yeah my name is Bram part of the so yeah my name is Bram part of the. OpenZeppelin team. working in the OpenZeppelin team. working in the OpenZeppelin team. working in the. Product team and we are currently product team and we are currently product team and we are currently. Like really focused on our open source like really focused on our open source like really focused on our open source. Efforts of which like developer tooling efforts of which like developer tooling efforts of which like developer tooling. Is one of them of course we are now is one of them of course we are now is one of them of course we are now . Working closely together with Stellar working closely together with Stellar working closely together with Stellar. And in terms of the developer tooling we and in terms of the developer tooling we. And in terms of the developer tooling we just released our open source just released our open source. Just released our open source monitors so yeah I'm going to share monitors so yeah I'm going to share. Monitors so yeah I'm going to share that today with you guys great super that today with you guys great super. That today with you guys great super interesting I don't know a lot about the interesting I don't know a lot about the. Interesting I don't know a lot about the monitor yet. So, I'm looking forward to monitor yet. So, I'm looking forward to. Monitor yet. So, I'm looking forward to this demo as well. Awesome. Great. This demo as well. Awesome. Great. This demo as well. Awesome. Great. Yeah, I will show you guys how to Yeah, I will show you guys how to Yeah, I will show you guys how to. Set the monitors up set the monitors up set the monitors up today. Can I like start? Yeah, you. Today. Can I like start? Yeah, you today. Can I like start? Yeah, you can share your screen. Cool. Nice. I. Can share your screen. Cool. Nice. I can share your screen. Cool. Nice. I think my screen is already shared,. Think my screen is already shared, think my screen is already shared, right? Yeah. Here we go. Hopefully. Right? Yeah. Here we go. Hopefully right? Yeah. Here we go. Hopefully everyone can see it. Everyone can see it. Everyone can see it. So I want to start with the repository So I want to start with the repository So I want to start with the repository. For you guys to know where you can for you guys to know where you can for you guys to know where you can. Actually find the open source monitors. Actually find the open source monitors. Actually find the open source monitors. So if you go to the OpenZeppelin So if you go to the OpenZeppelin So if you go to the OpenZeppelin. Organization and navigate to the open organization and navigate to the open. Organization and navigate to the OpenZeppelin monitor repository you can zeppelin monitor repository you can. Zeppelin monitor repository you can find the codebase. what you can find the codebase. what you can . Find the codebase. what you can subsequently can then do is of course subsequently can then do is of course. Subsequently can then do is of course like clone the repository. we like clone the repository. we. Like clone the repository. we implemented it in Rust. So there's also implemented it in Rust. So there's also. Implemented it in Rust. So there's also a requirement to install Rust to a requirement to install Rust to. A requirement to install Rust to actually like build and compile all actually like build and compile all. Actually like build and compile all the code to be able to then also run the code to be able to then also run. The code to be able to then also run it. And over here you see the file it. And over here you see the file. It. And over here you see the file structure of the open source monitors. Structure of the open source monitors. Structure of the open source monitors. And there are actually like like two or And there are actually like like two or And there are actually like like two or. Three things that I especially want to three things that I especially want to three things that I especially want to. Highlight. The configuration is highlight. The configuration is highlight. The configuration is. Especially really important. So we are especially really important. So we are especially really important. So we are. Going to talk a little bit through the going to talk a little bit through the going to talk a little bit through the. configuration as like most of the configuration as like most of the configuration as like most of the. Work that you are going to do as a work that you are going to do as a work that you are going to do as a. Developer to actually set up these developer to actually set up these developer to actually set up these. Monitors is going to be in the monitors is going to be in the monitors is going to be in the . Configuration. So today I'm also going configuration. So today I'm also going configuration. So today I'm also going. To walk a little bit through the to walk a little bit through the to walk a little bit through the. Examples. So we also have a examples. So we also have a examples. So we also have a. Configuration example and for everyone configuration example and for everyone configuration example and for everyone. Like starting out in this repository, I like starting out in this repository, I like starting out in this repository, I. Would also recommend to have a look at would also recommend to have a look at would also recommend to have a look at. The different examples because this can the different examples because this can the different examples because this can. Also really help you to like get up to also really help you to like get up to also really help you to like get up to. Speed on how to like actually configure speed on how to like actually configure speed on how to like actually configure. Everything. We of course also have dogs everything. We of course also have dogs everything. We of course also have dogs. But for some people it might be a little but for some people it might be a little. But for some people it might be a little bit more intuitive to just like first bit more intuitive to just like first. Bit more intuitive to just like first have a look at the examples. I will have a look at the examples. I will. Have a look at the examples. I will also share the docs at the end of also share the docs at the end of . Also share the docs at the end of this call and then today we are going this call and then today we are going. This call and then today we are going to run it locally. So we have this. To run it locally. So we have this to run it locally. So we have this. Binary here that we can run to spin the binary here that we can run to spin the binary here that we can run to spin the. Monitors up locally but we also allow monitors up locally but we also allow monitors up locally but we also allow. For like dockerized runs. So we for like dockerized runs. So we for like dockerized runs. So we. Also have docker files here. So you can also have docker files here. So you can also have docker files here. So you can. Also like create a docker instance also like create a docker instance also like create a docker instance. And run this docker docker instance for and run this docker docker instance for and run this docker docker instance for. Example in your cloud environment or example in your cloud environment or example in your cloud environment or. Also just locally if you prefer it also just locally if you prefer it. Also just locally if you prefer it to run locally. So next I want to go to run locally. So next I want to go. To run locally. So next I want to go a little bit into the a little bit into the. A little bit into the configuration and kind of what the configuration and kind of what the. Configuration and kind of what the monitor is built up from. So there monitor is built up from. So there. Monitor is built up from. So there are kind of like four main components of. Are kind of like four main components of are kind of like four main components of. Which the monitoring configuration is which the monitoring configuration is which the monitoring configuration is. Like kind of the main component. So this like kind of the main component. So this. Like kind of the main component. So this like monitoring configuration kind of like monitoring configuration kind of. Like monitoring configuration kind of consists all the conditional logic that consists all the conditional logic that. Consists all the conditional logic that you can apply to for example smart you can apply to for example smart. You can apply to for example smart contract observability and it also contract observability and it also. Contract observability and it also includes for example the filters which includes for example the filters which. Includes for example the filters which allow you to like when we pull blocks allow you to like when we pull blocks . Allow you to like when we pull blocks on chain and we are actually going to on chain and we are actually going to. On chain and we are actually going to filter through these blocks. you can filter through these blocks. you can. Filter through these blocks. you can also apply apply certain filter filters also apply apply certain filter filters. Also apply apply certain filter filters before you actually before you actually before you actually. like go through the actual like go through the actual like go through the actual. Conditions within the monitor itself. Conditions within the monitor itself. Conditions within the monitor itself. So an example of this could be for So an example of this could be for So an example of this could be for. Example that you only want to filter for example that you only want to filter for. Example that you only want to filter for like even blocks. So we created a like even blocks. So we created a. like even blocks. So we created a example over here. This might not be example over here. This might not be. Example over here. This might not be like a real world use case but just to like a real world use case but just to. Like a real world use case but just to kind of showcase what it can do. You kind of showcase what it can do. You. Kind of showcase what it can do. You can for example before you kind of go can for example before you kind of go. Can for example before you kind of go through the whole block and actually through the whole block and actually. Through the whole block and actually apply the monitoring logic which we will apply the monitoring logic which we will. Apply the monitoring logic which we will be defining in this configuration. Be defining in this configuration. Be defining in this configuration. You can already do some prefiltering by You can already do some prefiltering by You can already do some prefiltering by. For example in this case filtering to for example in this case filtering to. For example in this case filtering to see if like block is even numbered or. See if like block is even numbered or see if like block is even numbered or. A block is odd. So in this case we would a block is odd. So in this case we would. A block is odd. So in this case we would only process the even numbered blocks. Only process the even numbered blocks. Only process the even numbered blocks. So those are the filters. Then another So those are the filters. Then another So those are the filters. Then another. Really important component is of course really important component is of course really important component is of course. The network. So we also have network the network. So we also have network the network. So we also have network. Definitions here. And in the case of definitions here. And in the case of definitions here. And in the case of. Stellar we need to define this Stellar we need to define this Stellar we need to define this. Network definition over here. We already network definition over here. We already. Network definition over here. We already have an example that you can use. you. Have an example that you can use. you have an example that you can use. you. Have to define the network type slug have to define the network type slug have to define the network type slug. Name the RPC. So this one is not name the RPC. So this one is not name the RPC. So this one is not. Prefilled. So you can actually choose prefilled. So you can actually choose prefilled. So you can actually choose. Your own RPC and then there are some your own RPC and then there are some your own RPC and then there are some. Other parameters that you can also other parameters that you can also other parameters that you can also. Set here. So for example the set here. So for example the set here. So for example the. Confirmation of blocks. So how many confirmation of blocks. So how many confirmation of blocks. So how many. Confirmations of the blocks do you confirmations of the blocks do you confirmations of the blocks do you. Actually wait before you for example actually wait before you for example actually wait before you for example. Trigger a monitor. So if you detect a trigger a monitor. So if you detect a trigger a monitor. So if you detect a. Certain function trigger on chain or an certain function trigger on chain or an certain function trigger on chain or an. Event that is being emitted in a certain event that is being emitted in a certain. Event that is being emitted in a certain contract like this would like allow contract like this would like allow. Contract like this would like allow you to set the amount of blocks that you you to set the amount of blocks that you. You to set the amount of blocks that you actually want to wait for actually want to wait for. Actually want to wait for confirmations of until you actually like confirmations of until you actually like. Confirmations of until you actually like trigger the monitor and notify someone. Trigger the monitor and notify someone. Trigger the monitor and notify someone. Then we also have a chron schedule. Then we also have a chron schedule. Then we also have a chron schedule. . This one is also an important like this one is also an important like this one is also an important like. Parameter to highlight. This allows you parameter to highlight. This allows you parameter to highlight. This allows you. To kind of set a schedule for the amount to kind of set a schedule for the amount. To kind of set a schedule for the amount of times that we actually make an RPC of times that we actually make an RPC. Of times that we actually make an RPC call and get the latest blocks. So in call and get the latest blocks. So in. Call and get the latest blocks. So in this case I defined it for like every this case I defined it for like every. This case I defined it for like every minute. So every minute we like pull all minute. So every minute we like pull all. Minute. So every minute we like pull all the latest blocks in and we process all the latest blocks in and we process all. The latest blocks in and we process all these different blocks. But you can also these different blocks. But you can also. These different blocks. But you can also set different schedules for example set different schedules for example. Set different schedules for example every once every five minutes or every once every five minutes or . Every once every five minutes or maybe like shorter crons here. So maybe like shorter crons here. So. Maybe like shorter crons here. So that's the network configuration and that's the network configuration and. That's the network configuration and then the another of course really then the another of course really. Then the another of course really important components are the triggers. Important components are the triggers. Important components are the triggers. So if a monitor actually triggers and So if a monitor actually triggers and So if a monitor actually triggers and. You want to alert someone from like a you want to alert someone from like a you want to alert someone from like a. Function call happening within a smart function call happening within a smart function call happening within a smart. Contract or an event happening you can contract or an event happening you can contract or an event happening you can. Also define these triggers. So we also define these triggers. So we also define these triggers. So we. Currently support Discord, email, Slack currently support Discord, email, Slack currently support Discord, email, Slack. And Telegram as notification channels and Telegram as notification channels and Telegram as notification channels. That you can like send the that you can like send the that you can like send the. Notifications to. But we also define web notifications to. But we also define web. Notifications to. But we also define web hook notifications. So it would also be hook notifications. So it would also be. Hook notifications. So it would also be possible to like trigger a like possible to like trigger a like. Possible to like trigger a like external service through a web hook when external service through a web hook when. External service through a web hook when the monitor triggers. And there's also a. The monitor triggers. And there's also a the monitor triggers. And there's also a. option for custom script. So if you option for custom script. So if you option for custom script. So if you. Actually want to do some post-processing actually want to do some post-processing. Actually want to do some post-processing after the moni monitor triggered, it is after the moni monitor triggered, it is. After the moni monitor triggered, it is also possible to define a script in also possible to define a script in. Also possible to define a script in which you also define some custom logic which you also define some custom logic. Which you also define some custom logic and you can process the data maybe make and you can process the data maybe make. And you can process the data maybe make integrations with your own observability integrations with your own observability. Integrations with your own observability platform like data dog or obsgeni. we. Platform like data dog or obsgeni. we platform like data dog or obsgeni. we. Are currently still also looking to are currently still also looking to are currently still also looking to. Actually support those. But if you actually support those. But if you actually support those. But if you. Already want to start with that the already want to start with that the already want to start with that the. Custom scripts actually allow you to custom scripts actually allow you to custom scripts actually allow you to. Create this like custom logic and create this like custom logic and create this like custom logic and . Like post the data to maybe such like an like post the data to maybe such like an. Like post the data to maybe such like an observability platform. But this is only. Observability platform. But this is only observability platform. But this is only. One example like what you can one example like what you can one example like what you can. Actually do with it is up to you and actually do with it is up to you and actually do with it is up to you and. you have a lot of freedom here. Then you have a lot of freedom here. Then you have a lot of freedom here. Then. Of course the most important of course the most important of course the most important. configuration file here where configuration file here where configuration file here where. Everything comes together is the actual everything comes together is the actual everything comes together is the actual. Monitoring configuration. So what you monitoring configuration. So what you monitoring configuration. So what you. Have here is you can give it a name have here is you can give it a name have here is you can give it a name . If the monitor is paused or not. In this if the monitor is paused or not. In this. If the monitor is paused or not. In this case we don't want to pause it. then case we don't want to pause it. then. Case we don't want to pause it. then you have to define the network. So you have to define the network. So. You have to define the network. So that's again the network configuration that's again the network configuration. That's again the network configuration here. You can select it by by taking here. You can select it by by taking. Here. You can select it by by taking the file name and like inserting it the file name and like inserting it. The file name and like inserting it here. And then what you can subsequently here. And then what you can subsequently. Here. And then what you can subsequently do is the actual like implementation of do is the actual like implementation of. Do is the actual like implementation of like the monitoring logic. So in this like the monitoring logic. So in this. like the monitoring logic. So in this case as an example I took the address of. Case as an example I took the address of case as an example I took the address of. The aqua dex because I want to like the aqua dex because I want to like the aqua dex because I want to like. Filter for a swap happening in that filter for a swap happening in that filter for a swap happening in that. Dex. So what we do is we define the dex. So what we do is we define the dex. So what we do is we define the. Address of the contract here. address of the contract here. address of the contract here. . Subsequently we also include the subsequently we also include the subsequently we also include the. Contract spec. So in this contract spec contract spec. So in this contract spec contract spec. So in this contract spec. I only added the actual function that I only added the actual function that I only added the actual function that I. Want to monitor for but you can also want to monitor for but you can also want to monitor for but you can also. Like post the whole file. and like post the whole file. and like post the whole file. and. Underneath here we can actually set the underneath here we can actually set the underneath here we can actually set the. Conditions on which to trigger the conditions on which to trigger the conditions on which to trigger the. Monitor. So we already set like one monitor. So we already set like one monitor. So we already set like one. Condition of course like we want to condition of course like we want to condition of course like we want to. Filter for a specific contract which in filter for a specific contract which in filter for a specific contract which in. This case is a DEX. Then you can also this case is a DEX. Then you can also this case is a DEX. Then you can also. Set certain conditions around a set certain conditions around a set certain conditions around a. Function trigger for example. So I don't function trigger for example. So I don't. Function trigger for example. So I don't want to like trigger the monitor for want to like trigger the monitor for. Want to like trigger the monitor for every function call or event that is every function call or event that is. Every function call or event that is being emitted from this contract. I being emitted from this contract. I. Being emitted from this contract. I want to actually look for the swap want to actually look for the swap. Want to actually look for the swap function signature. So if someone is function signature. So if someone is. Function signature. So if someone is interacting with this function within interacting with this function within. Interacting with this function within the contract the contract the contract and the you can also set expressions. and the you can also set expressions and the you can also set expressions here. So and the out. Here. So and the out here. So and the out underscore min variable is higher. underscore min variable is higher underscore min variable is higher than this this number then we. Than this this number then we than this this number then we actually trigger the monitor. So you can. Actually trigger the monitor. So you can actually trigger the monitor. So you can. Also say okay I actually don't want this also say okay I actually don't want this. Also say okay I actually don't want this express expression. You can also just express expression. You can also just. Express expression. You can also just have it like this then it will trigger have it like this then it will trigger. Have it like this then it will trigger on like all the different swaps. But the on like all the different swaps. But the. On like all the different swaps. But the expression allows you to also use one of. Expression allows you to also use one of expression allows you to also use one of. These parameters that is passed to this these parameters that is passed to this these parameters that is passed to this. Function to be included here and use function to be included here and use function to be included here and use. It with like conditional logic to it with like conditional logic to it with like conditional logic to. Actually filter out maybe a like call actually filter out maybe a like call. Actually filter out maybe a like call from a specific address that is included. From a specific address that is included from a specific address that is included. In this swap or the amount the amount in this swap or the amount the amount. In this swap or the amount the amount out being higher than a certain out being higher than a certain. Out being higher than a certain threshold. So that is one way of threshold. So that is one way of. Threshold. So that is one way of filtering but we also allow for events. Filtering but we also allow for events. Filtering but we also allow for events. So it's not only possible to use So it's not only possible to use So it's not only possible to use. Functions but also events in this case. Functions but also events in this case. Functions but also events in this case. It works similarly to the function. It works similarly to the function. It works similarly to the function. . You can also set an expression. There's you can also set an expression. There's you can also set an expression. There's. Only currently one caveat with the only currently one caveat with the only currently one caveat with the. Expression and that is because like expression and that is because like expression and that is because like. In the contract spec events are not in the contract spec events are not in the contract spec events are not. Supported yet. You have to use supported yet. You have to use supported yet. You have to use. Positional parameters instead of like positional parameters instead of like. Positional parameters instead of like being able to use the actual parameter being able to use the actual parameter. Being able to use the actual parameter their name. So you have to use zero their name. So you have to use zero. Their name. So you have to use zero or one or two to kind of like pinpoint or one or two to kind of like pinpoint. Or one or two to kind of like pinpoint which variable in the parameter of the which variable in the parameter of the. Which variable in the parameter of the event you actually want to create event you actually want to create. Event you actually want to create like conditional logic like conditional logic. Like conditional logic around. Then we have like the third around. Then we have like the third. Around. Then we have like the third and last fields we can also monitor for and last fields we can also monitor for. And last fields we can also monitor for and that is like on the transaction and that is like on the transaction. And that is like on the transaction level. So in this case you can also level. So in this case you can also. Level. So in this case you can also allow for certain like logic over allow for certain like logic over. Allow for certain like logic over here for example if the status is here for example if the status is. Here for example if the status is success. So this that means that the success. So this that means that the. Success. So this that means that the transaction was actually executed you transaction was actually executed you. Transaction was actually executed you can you you want to trigger the can you you want to trigger the. Can you you want to trigger the monitor. So if this was for example monitor. So if this was for example. Monitor. So if this was for example failed you don't trigger failed you don't trigger. Failed you don't trigger it. So then the last two parts of the it. So then the last two parts of the. It. So then the last two parts of the monitoring configuration is trigger monitoring configuration is trigger . Monitoring configuration is trigger conditions and triggers. We already also conditions and triggers. We already also. Conditions and triggers. We already also talked a little bit about this earlier. Talked a little bit about this earlier. Talked a little bit about this earlier. So if we go to triggers in this case So if we go to triggers in this case So if we go to triggers in this case. We use the select channel. So if this we use the select channel. So if this . We use the select channel. So if this if these conditions are met we notify. If these conditions are met we notify if these conditions are met we notify. like the select channel that this like the select channel that this like the select channel that this. Monitor was triggered. And if we go for monitor was triggered. And if we go for monitor was triggered. And if we go for. Example to a certain slack configuration example to a certain slack configuration. Example to a certain slack configuration here you can also set the the title of here you can also set the the title of. Here you can also set the the title of the monitor trigger and also the the monitor trigger and also the. The monitor trigger and also the message and within that message you can message and within that message you can. Message and within that message you can actually also include certain parameters actually also include certain parameters. Actually also include certain parameters like for example transaction like for example transaction. like for example transaction parameters or the event parameters on parameters or the event parameters on. Parameters or the event parameters on which it actually triggered. So you can which it actually triggered. So you can. Which it actually triggered. So you can also give all of this context and also give all of this context and. Also give all of this context and include it in your monitoring include it in your monitoring. Include it in your monitoring message. Then of course you can also message. Then of course you can also. Message. Then of course you can also include other triggers. So you can just include other triggers. So you can just. Include other triggers. So you can just add Telegram as well or email and add Telegram as well or email and . Add Telegram as well or email and yeah I'm not going through all of them yeah I'm not going through all of them. Yeah I'm not going through all of them but like the configuration for all of but like the configuration for all of. But like the configuration for all of these notification channels is pretty these notification channels is pretty. These notification channels is pretty straightforward. And then the last straightforward. And then the last . Straightforward. And then the last variable that I want to talk about here variable that I want to talk about here. Variable that I want to talk about here configuration variable is the trigger configuration variable is the trigger. Configuration variable is the trigger conditions. So what you can do over here conditions. So what you can do over here. Conditions. So what you can do over here is what I mentioned around script. So is what I mentioned around script. So. Is what I mentioned around script. So you can also run a custom script. so you can also run a custom script. so. You can also run a custom script. so the monitor will pass the context to the monitor will pass the context to. The monitor will pass the context to this script and within that script you this script and within that script you. This script and within that script you can do like post-processing on the data can do like post-processing on the data. Can do like post-processing on the data that is given to this script. So that is given to this script. So. that is given to this script. So around the monitoring context maybe pass around the monitoring context maybe pass. Around the monitoring context maybe pass it towards a observability platform or it towards a observability platform or. It towards a observability platform or call a third party service. third call a third party service. third. call a third party service. third party service can also be called of party service can also be called of. Party service can also be called of course through this trigger by web course through this trigger by web. Course through this trigger by web hook notifications but maybe for some hook notifications but maybe for some. Hook notifications but maybe for some reason you also need to include like reason you also need to include like. Reason you also need to include like special API keys or something else that special API keys or something else that. Special API keys or something else that doesn't completely like is not doesn't completely like is not. Doesn't completely like is not completely compatible with these web completely compatible with these web. Completely compatible with these web hook notifications you can use scripts hook notifications you can use scripts. Hook notifications you can use scripts to have like all that freedom to yeah to have like all that freedom to yeah. To have like all that freedom to yeah create your own kind of flow of logic. Create your own kind of flow of logic create your own kind of flow of logic. Here. then I set up an actual here. then I set up an actual here. then I set up an actual. Example. So let's quickly have a look at example. So let's quickly have a look at. Example. So let's quickly have a look at that example. So if we go to that example. So if we go to. That example. So if we go to configuration, you can like copy this configuration, you can like copy this. Configuration, you can like copy this configuration also in this config here configuration also in this config here. Configuration also in this config here and try to run it. But in my and try to run it. But in my. And try to run it. But in my configuration, I didn't use any filters. Configuration, I didn't use any filters. Configuration, I didn't use any filters. of course to find the Stellar mainet of course to find the Stellar mainet of course to find the Stellar mainet. Network. It's the same file as I just network. It's the same file as I just network. It's the same file as I just. Showed you. And in this case, I created showed you. And in this case, I created showed you. And in this case, I created. A telegram bot using the botfather. A telegram bot using the botfather. A telegram bot using the botfather. that's a channel that you can like that's a channel that you can like that's a channel that you can like. Start a chat with and it will create a start a chat with and it will create a start a chat with and it will create a. Bot on telegram. Some of you might bot on telegram. Some of you might bot on telegram. Some of you might. Already be familiar with this and you already be familiar with this and you already be familiar with this and you. Can you subsequently then get like a bot can you subsequently then get like a bot. Can you subsequently then get like a bot ID and you can post that one here. , ID and you can post that one here. ,. ID and you can post that one here. , this is also a unique ID that you need this is also a unique ID that you need. This is also a unique ID that you need to post in. And then my monitor is now to post in. And then my monitor is now. To post in. And then my monitor is now like able to send out alerts to this like able to send out alerts to this. Like able to send out alerts to this Telegram channel that I have here. As Telegram channel that I have here. As. Telegram channel that I have here. As you can see, I already tested a little you can see, I already tested a little. You can see, I already tested a little bit. , but we are going to do it bit. , but we are going to do it. Bit. , but we are going to do it again. So, if we go to my monitoring again. So, if we go to my monitoring. Again. So, if we go to my monitoring configuration, I also want to show you configuration, I also want to show you. Configuration, I also want to show you this. So I'm currently moni moni mon this. So I'm currently moni moni mon. This. So I'm currently moni moni mon monitoring for the aqua dex for a monitoring for the aqua dex for a. Monitoring for the aqua dex for a specific function call called swap specific function call called swap. Specific function call called swap chain. this function is being called chain. this function is being called. Chain. this function is being called when I do a swap on the when I do a swap on the. When I do a swap on the aquedex and over here I just want to aquedex and over here I just want to. Aquedex and over here I just want to filter for like all the function calls filter for like all the function calls. Filter for like all the function calls like with the signature swap chain. like with the signature swap chain. like with the signature swap chain. So every time someone does a swap, I So every time someone does a swap, I So every time someone does a swap, I. Want to trigger like a telegram want to trigger like a telegram want to trigger like a telegram. Notification saying that like a swap was notification saying that like a swap was. Notification saying that like a swap was being done on the yeah Aquedex. This being done on the yeah Aquedex. This. Being done on the yeah Aquedex. This might not be the most practical might not be the most practical . Might not be the most practical monitor like as like a real use case, monitor like as like a real use case,. Monitor like as like a real use case, but just for demoing purposes, I wanted but just for demoing purposes, I wanted. But just for demoing purposes, I wanted to show you this. So what you can to show you this. So what you can. To show you this. So what you can normally do is run the monitor like this normally do is run the monitor like this. Normally do is run the monitor like this locally or like to docker compose. Now locally or like to docker compose. Now. Locally or like to docker compose. Now the docker the monitors up and it's the docker the monitors up and it's. The docker the monitors up and it's going to pull in like all these going to pull in like all these. Going to pull in like all these different blocks. But for this demo different blocks. But for this demo. Different blocks. But for this demo like purpose I also have another command like purpose I also have another command. Like purpose I also have another command that I'm currently going to use which. That I'm currently going to use which that I'm currently going to use which. Is this command where you can like is this command where you can like is this command where you can like. Replay a block and apply the replay a block and apply the replay a block and apply the. Monitoring logic to that block. So we monitoring logic to that block. So we monitoring logic to that block. So we. Can see if it actually works. So we can see if it actually works. So we can see if it actually works. So we. Don't have to wait for actual swap to don't have to wait for actual swap to. Don't have to wait for actual swap to be done on the Aquedex. So if we be done on the Aquedex. So if we. Be done on the Aquedex. So if we target this block, I know that this target this block, I know that this. Target this block, I know that this function to this contract is being function to this contract is being. Function to this contract is being triggered in this block. And if we triggered in this block. And if we. Triggered in this block. And if we actually trigger it here, it's going to actually trigger it here, it's going to. Actually trigger it here, it's going to search through that block, apply this search through that block, apply this. Search through that block, apply this monitoring monitoring configuration to monitoring monitoring configuration to. Monitoring monitoring configuration to it. And as we can see, we found one it. And as we can see, we found one. It. And as we can see, we found one match. and we also already saw my match. and we also already saw my. Match. and we also already saw my telegram giving me an alert and over telegram giving me an alert and over. Telegram giving me an alert and over here you can see that the monitor was here you can see that the monitor was. Here you can see that the monitor was triggered. So this is yeah this is an. Triggered. So this is yeah this is an triggered. So this is yeah this is an. Example of kind of like a monitor that example of kind of like a monitor that example of kind of like a monitor that. You can configure. as I already said you can configure. as I already said you can configure. as I already said. This might not be the best like real this might not be the best like real this might not be the best like real. World use case but you can do a lot of world use case but you can do a lot of world use case but you can do a lot of. Different things. think about like different things. think about like different things. think about like. Access control monitors. So if you access control monitors. So if you access control monitors. So if you. Implement access control within your implement access control within your implement access control within your. Smart contract, you can check for smart contract, you can check for smart contract, you can check for. Certain grand ro functions being certain grand ro functions being certain grand ro functions being. Triggered. For example, if someone is triggered. For example, if someone is triggered. For example, if someone is. Trying to gain access to certain trying to gain access to certain trying to gain access to certain. Functions, if like a large mint is functions, if like a large mint is functions, if like a large mint is. Being done on a token contract or any of being done on a token contract or any of. Being done on a token contract or any of these use cases, there's like a lot of these use cases, there's like a lot of. These use cases, there's like a lot of monitoring us cases that you can set monitoring us cases that you can set. Monitoring us cases that you can set up to like increase that like up to like increase that like. Up to like increase that like operational security around your operational security around your . Operational security around your smart contracts. And one thing that I'm smart contracts. And one thing that I'm. Smart contracts. And one thing that I'm also really excited about which we are also really excited about which we are. Also really excited about which we are going to launch in one and a half to u I going to launch in one and a half to u I. Going to launch in one and a half to u I think one and a half month to two months. Think one and a half month to two months think one and a half month to two months. is also like Soroban support for the is also like Soroban support for the is also like Soroban support for the. Relayers and the relayers is one of the relayers and the relayers is one of the relayers and the relayers is one of the. Other tools that we are currently other tools that we are currently other tools that we are currently . Working on to add Stellar support which working on to add Stellar support which working on to add Stellar support which. Is a externallyowned account or wallet is a externallyowned account or wallet is a externallyowned account or wallet. That is that you can interact with that is that you can interact with . That is that you can interact with through like an API or SDK. So what we through like an API or SDK. So what we. Through like an API or SDK. So what we did over there is we kind of abstracted did over there is we kind of abstracted. Did over there is we kind of abstracted away all the complex transaction away all the complex transaction. Away all the complex transaction management. So think about management. So think about . Management. So think about transaction submissions, resubmissions, transaction submissions, resubmissions,. Transaction submissions, resubmissions, gas pricing, sequence number handling gas pricing, sequence number handling. Gas pricing, sequence number handling and all of those and also of course and all of those and also of course. And all of those and also of course like secure key storage. So we also like secure key storage. So we also. Like secure key storage. So we also securely store those keys in a fault. Securely store those keys in a fault. Securely store those keys in a fault. And with the open- source relayers, you And with the open- source relayers, you And with the open- source relayers, you. Are now able to actually like self-host are now able to actually like self-host are now able to actually like self-host. These relayers. So have total control these relayers. So have total control these relayers. So have total control. Over the these relays and then be able over the these relays and then be able over the these relays and then be able. To like really easy through like SDK or to like really easy through like SDK or to like really easy through like SDK or. API interface interact with these API interface interact with these API interface interact with these. Relayers and easily submit transactions relayers and easily submit transactions relayers and easily submit transactions. In yeah in a simplified way. And what in yeah in a simplified way. And what in yeah in a simplified way. And what. You can then do with like the monitors you can then do with like the monitors you can then do with like the monitors. And relayers is you can actually use for and relayers is you can actually use for. And relayers is you can actually use for example the custom scripts that I talked. Example the custom scripts that I talked example the custom scripts that I talked. About over here in the examples to about over here in the examples to about over here in the examples to. Like get that monitoring context. And if like get that monitoring context. And if. Like get that monitoring context. And if we for example let's say take the use we for example let's say take the use. We for example let's say take the use case of a stable coin contract where case of a stable coin contract where. Case of a stable coin contract where a large mint happens and we see that the a large mint happens and we see that the. A large mint happens and we see that the mint actually is not from an address mint actually is not from an address. Mint actually is not from an address that would usually do the mint. So that would usually do the mint. So. That would usually do the mint. So someone might have gained some kind someone might have gained some kind. Someone might have gained some kind of like unauthorized access. What we of like unauthorized access. What we. Of like unauthorized access. What we then subsequently can do is trigger then subsequently can do is trigger . Then subsequently can do is trigger like a custom script that calls the like a custom script that calls the. Like a custom script that calls the relayer that subsequently like executes relayer that subsequently like executes. Relayer that subsequently like executes for example a pass function within the for example a pass function within the. For example a pass function within the stablecoin contract to yeah make sure stablecoin contract to yeah make sure. Stablecoin contract to yeah make sure that we limit the damage that can be that we limit the damage that can be. That we limit the damage that can be done to the stable coin contract. so done to the stable coin contract. so. Done to the stable coin contract. so incident response we would call it is incident response we would call it is. Incident response we would call it is like one major use case and of course like one major use case and of course. Like one major use case and of course there are like smaller use cases that there are like smaller use cases that. There are like smaller use cases that you can set up within this category but you can set up within this category but. You can set up within this category but there's also like a lot of like more there's also like a lot of like more. There's also like a lot of like more generic automation that is possible. So generic automation that is possible. So. Generic automation that is possible. So let's say another example is that if you let's say another example is that if you. Let's say another example is that if you run a D5 project or like a trading run a D5 project or like a trading . Run a D5 project or like a trading company what you can also do is look in company what you can also do is look in. Company what you can also do is look in different types of like DeFi different types of like DeFi. Different types of like DeFi protocols if certain thresholds are protocols if certain thresholds are. Protocols if certain thresholds are being met and you can then subsequently being met and you can then subsequently. Being met and you can then subsequently also use the relay relayers to for also use the relay relayers to for. Also use the relay relayers to for example rebalance or liquidate certain example rebalance or liquidate certain. Example rebalance or liquidate certain positions within certain pools. So positions within certain pools. So. positions within certain pools. So this is kind of also the type of this is kind of also the type of. This is kind of also the type of automation that is then possible and it automation that is then possible and it. Automation that is then possible and it kind of easily kind of integrates kind of easily kind of integrates. Kind of easily kind of integrates together using these custom scripts. Together using these custom scripts. Together using these custom scripts. So which you can of course trigger So which you can of course trigger So which you can of course trigger. from your monitoring configuration from your monitoring configuration. from your monitoring configuration as I showed you here. So yeah, that's. As I showed you here. So yeah, that's as I showed you here. So yeah, that's. an high level overview of the the an high level overview of the the an high level overview of the the. Monitors and yeah I think yeah I give monitors and yeah I think yeah I give. Monitors and yeah I think yeah I give you gave you all the context that I you gave you all the context that I. You gave you all the context that I wanted to give you today. So if anyone wanted to give you today. So if anyone. Wanted to give you today. So if anyone has any questions feel free to ask has any questions feel free to ask. Has any questions feel free to ask and actually I want to also quickly show and actually I want to also quickly show. And actually I want to also quickly show you you can also find the docs over you you can also find the docs over. You you can also find the docs over here. So if you go to here. So if you go to. Here. So if you go to docs.opuseppappelin.com docs.opuseppappelin.com docs.opuseppappelin.com. Open.com. , you have a tab over here open.com. , you have a tab over here open.com. , you have a tab over here. Which says open source tools and over which says open source tools and over which says open source tools and over. Here in the relayers there's no not yet here in the relayers there's no not yet here in the relayers there's no not yet. Stellar support coming soon but in the Stellar support coming soon but in the Stellar support coming soon but in the. Open zeppeline monitors we also give open zeppeline monitors we also give open zeppeline monitors we also give. Like a really easy quick start that you like a really easy quick start that you like a really easy quick start that you. Can like follow with the first few can like follow with the first few can like follow with the first few. Comm commands that I didn't go through comm commands that I didn't go through comm commands that I didn't go through. Here and then how to set it up for here and then how to set it up for . Here and then how to set it up for Stellar. So it's it's like pretty Stellar. So it's it's like pretty. Stellar. So it's it's like pretty easy to set up and if you guys have easy to set up and if you guys have. Easy to set up and if you guys have any questions around this feel also any questions around this feel also. Any questions around this feel also feel free to ask we have like a feel free to ask we have like a. Feel free to ask we have like a community channel now also on discord community channel now also on discord. Community channel now also on discord OpenZeppelin OpenZeppelin OpenZeppelin um_tg so also feel feel free to join. Um_tg so also feel feel free to join um_tg so also feel feel free to join that channel and ask any questions and. That channel and ask any questions and that channel and ask any questions and of course we are here now also to answer. Of course we are here now also to answer of course we are here now also to answer. Some questions so yeah great is super some questions so yeah great is super some questions so yeah great is super. Interesting so I can start monitoring my interesting so I can start monitoring my. Interesting so I can start monitoring my smart contracts without setting anything. Smart contracts without setting anything smart contracts without setting anything. Up in my smart contracts is all all the up in my smart contracts is all all the up in my smart contracts is all all the. Configuration is done in the config configuration is done in the config configuration is done in the config. Files you're showing. Yeah, exactly. Files you're showing. Yeah, exactly. Files you're showing. Yeah, exactly. Everything is done just in those like Everything is done just in those like Everything is done just in those like. Four configuration files and of course four configuration files and of course four configuration files and of course. You can make them more complex. I gave you can make them more complex. I gave you can make them more complex. I gave. Some simple examples but you don't have some simple examples but you don't have some simple examples but you don't have. To implement anything within your to implement anything within your to implement anything within your. Contracts. So if it just has these contracts. So if it just has these . Contracts. So if it just has these function signatures, you can like import. Function signatures, you can like import function signatures, you can like import. Like the contract spec define the like the contract spec define the like the contract spec define the . Function signature that you want to function signature that you want to function signature that you want to. Monitor for or the event signature and u monitor for or the event signature and u. Monitor for or the event signature and u yeah you can just like spin them up and yeah you can just like spin them up and. Yeah you can just like spin them up and as you can see I don't know the Aqua as you can see I don't know the Aqua. As you can see I don't know the Aqua DEX team but I can like monitor DEX team but I can like monitor. DEX team but I can like monitor their contracts just by like setting their contracts just by like setting . Their contracts just by like setting up this monitoring configuration. So up this monitoring configuration. So. Up this monitoring configuration. So great. Actually had a question earlier great. Actually had a question earlier. Great. Actually had a question earlier says how how does the replay how does says how how does the replay how does. says how how does the replay how does it replay a block? Does the block have it replay a block? Does the block have. It replay a block? Does the block have to be within the retention where of the to be within the retention where of the. To be within the retention where of the RPC? RPC? RPC? there might be a limit to this. I I'm there might be a limit to this. I I'm. there might be a limit to this. I I'm actually not 100% sure on kind of the actually not 100% sure on kind of the. Actually not 100% sure on kind of the limit of the RPC, how deep we actually limit of the RPC, how deep we actually. Limit of the RPC, how deep we actually can go into the blocks. So, I would can go into the blocks. So, I would. Can go into the blocks. So, I would say you might have to sometimes like do say you might have to sometimes like do. Say you might have to sometimes like do another test transaction to like h being another test transaction to like h being. Another test transaction to like h being able to use that command command again. Able to use that command command again. Able to use that command command again. But yeah, you guys probably know it But yeah, you guys probably know it But yeah, you guys probably know it. Better than me what the actual limits on better than me what the actual limits on. Better than me what the actual limits on the RPC are here in terms of like the the RPC are here in terms of like the. The RPC are here in terms of like the depth that you can go to replay. depth that you can go to replay. . Depth that you can go to replay. I'm not see the RPC has a 7-day I'm not see the RPC has a 7-day. I'm not see the RPC has a 7-day retention. Retention. Retention. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, great. Any other question? Any Okay, great. Any other question? Any Okay, great. Any other question? Any. Questions questions questions from anyone from anyone from anyone who's listening in. Here? Okay. It doesn't look like it, but here? Okay. It doesn't look like it, but. I think I think it was great you I think I think it was great you I think I think it was great you. Mentioned that you have a community. So, mentioned that you have a community. So,. Mentioned that you have a community. So, anyone who's who's interested in in anyone who's who's interested in in. Anyone who's who's interested in in trying this out and maybe set it up for trying this out and maybe set it up for. Trying this out and maybe set it up for for their project, if if you have any for their project, if if you have any. For their project, if if you have any questions, any help is needed. It sounds. Questions, any help is needed. It sounds questions, any help is needed. It sounds. Like the community is a is a good place like the community is a is a good place like the community is a is a good place. To go and you already have examples to go and you already have examples to go and you already have examples. Of how to set it up and and and the of how to set it up and and and the of how to set it up and and and the. Repo. Yeah, feel free to ask and also repo. Yeah, feel free to ask and also. Repo. Yeah, feel free to ask and also around like potential use cases. It's around like potential use cases. It's. Around like potential use cases. It's also maybe an interesting discussion if also maybe an interesting discussion if. Also maybe an interesting discussion if you just start with monitors you might you just start with monitors you might. You just start with monitors you might also think okay what do I actually also think okay what do I actually. Also think okay what do I actually want to set up here like what can be want to set up here like what can be. Want to set up here like what can be valuable for us. So if anyone wants valuable for us. So if anyone wants. Valuable for us. So if anyone wants to have discussions around that also to have discussions around that also. To have discussions around that also feel free to join and we can give you feel free to join and we can give you. Feel free to join and we can give you some examples around like the use some examples around like the use. Some examples around like the use cases that we see a lot around people cases that we see a lot around people. Cases that we see a lot around people using the monitors. Using the monitors. Using the monitors. Okay, we just got one more question Okay, we just got one more question Okay, we just got one more question. Here. , for the confirmation block on here. , for the confirmation block on here. , for the confirmation block on. The config, what should we set it to? Is the config, what should we set it to? Is. The config, what should we set it to? Is it for waiting for finality? It for waiting for finality? It for waiting for finality? Yeah. So, Yeah. So, Yeah. So, , we just like set it to two, but I , we just like set it to two, but I. , we just like set it to two, but I have to ask actually one of the have to ask actually one of the. Have to ask actually one of the developers if there's like a perfect developers if there's like a perfect . Developers if there's like a perfect number that we should set it to. I'm not number that we should set it to. I'm not. Number that we should set it to. I'm not 100% sure if there's like kind of a 100% sure if there's like kind of a. 100% sure if there's like kind of a number that really works well. So, I number that really works well. So, I. Number that really works well. So, I have to I have to ask our engineering have to I have to ask our engineering. Have to I have to ask our engineering team. Okay, great. But yeah, thank you team. Okay, great. But yeah, thank you. Team. Okay, great. But yeah, thank you for for joining. it's super for for joining. it's super. For for joining. it's super interesting. I think I'll go ahead and interesting. I think I'll go ahead and. Interesting. I think I'll go ahead and and play with it myself. I love these and play with it myself. I love these. And play with it myself. I love these kind of solutions that are really easy kind of solutions that are really easy. Kind of solutions that are really easy to set up and gives a lot of different to set up and gives a lot of different. To set up and gives a lot of different ways to to notify me. because I can ways to to notify me. because I can. Ways to to notify me. because I can see that some some things I want to see that some some things I want to. See that some some things I want to monitor is more urgent than others. Some monitor is more urgent than others. Some. Monitor is more urgent than others. Some things I probably would like to get things I probably would like to get. Things I probably would like to get like a Telegram or Slack message about like a Telegram or Slack message about. Like a Telegram or Slack message about and others maybe I just want to store and others maybe I just want to store. And others maybe I just want to store that. Maybe I just want to have that. Maybe I just want to have. That. Maybe I just want to have have some some way to to capture that have some some way to to capture that. Have some some way to to capture that and look at it whenever whenever I feel and look at it whenever whenever I feel. And look at it whenever whenever I feel like. So, I like the I like the all the like. So, I like the I like the all the. Like. So, I like the I like the all the different options that you provide to different options that you provide to. Different options that you provide to get notifications because it's not get notifications because it's not. Get notifications because it's not everything I want to be alerted about. Everything I want to be alerted about. Everything I want to be alerted about. Some things I just would like to see Some things I just would like to see Some things I just would like to see. What what happened. But but but yeah, what what happened. But but but yeah, what what happened. But but but yeah,. For sure some things need my for sure some things need my for sure some things need my. Attention right away. Just one question. Attention right away. Just one question. Attention right away. Just one question. I think you kind of mentioned it also I think you kind of mentioned it also. I think you kind of mentioned it also with the relays, but is there any way to. With the relays, but is there any way to with the relays, but is there any way to. Invoke a smart contract if if something invoke a smart contract if if something invoke a smart contract if if something. Is happening? let's say some things I is happening? let's say some things I. Is happening? let's say some things I think you mentioned it a little bit like. Think you mentioned it a little bit like think you mentioned it a little bit like. Let's say something is going on that I let's say something is going on that I let's say something is going on that I. That that is triggering an event and I that that is triggering an event and I that that is triggering an event and I. Maybe want to pause something if this maybe want to pause something if this. Maybe want to pause something if this event happens is is there any way to do event happens is is there any way to do. Event happens is is there any way to do that? Yeah. So that's where the that? Yeah. So that's where the. That? Yeah. So that's where the relayers come in. The relayers give you relayers come in. The relayers give you. Relayers come in. The relayers give you kind of like the tool to actually like kind of like the tool to actually like. Kind of like the tool to actually like then pass this token contract. So in then pass this token contract. So in. Then pass this token contract. So in itself the monitors are not able to itself the monitors are not able to. Itself the monitors are not able to do like onchain transactions but that's do like onchain transactions but that's. Do like onchain transactions but that's kind of where the relayer component kind of where the relayer component. Kind of where the relayer component comes in. So you would be able to define comes in. So you would be able to define. Comes in. So you would be able to define the custom script that I talked about the custom script that I talked about. The custom script that I talked about where you include a relayer and then where you include a relayer and then. Where you include a relayer and then like call the relayer to do a onchain like call the relayer to do a onchain. Like call the relayer to do a onchain transaction for example a pass function transaction for example a pass function. Transaction for example a pass function call within a contract. So I think call within a contract. So I think. Call within a contract. So I think like end of Q2 so one and a half month like end of Q2 so one and a half month. Like end of Q2 so one and a half month we will have Soroban support. Great. We will have Soroban support. Great. We will have Soroban support. Great. I think we should do another session I think we should do another session I think we should do another session. When when the wheel is is is ready. Yeah when when the wheel is is is ready. Yeah. When when the wheel is is is ready. Yeah sounds good. Thank you for joining today. Sounds good. Thank you for joining today sounds good. Thank you for joining today. And thank you for everyone who who and thank you for everyone who who and thank you for everyone who who. Joined the call here. We'll see you next joined the call here. We'll see you next. Joined the call here. We'll see you next week. Yeah, thanks thanks everyone for week. Yeah, thanks thanks everyone for. Week. Yeah, thanks thanks everyone for listening in. Bye bye.
