Okay yeah but welcome finally we I think okay yeah but welcome finally we I think. We got sorted out the the issues and we got sorted out the the issues and we got sorted out the the issues and. yeah welcome to this week's yeah welcome to this week's yeah welcome to this week's . Stellar Developer Meeting and today I Stellar Developer Meeting and today I. Stellar Developer Meeting and today I we have two presentations we have we have two presentations we have. we have two presentations we have Chris that's going to to talk about P Chris that's going to to talk about P. Chris that's going to to talk about P keys and we have S out who going to talk keys and we have S out who going to talk. Keys and we have S out who going to talk about increasing sorond limits so I will. About increasing sorond limits so I will about increasing sorond limits so I will. Just I'll just let you take it just I'll just let you take it just I'll just let you take it. From here Chris do you need to share from here Chris do you need to share from here Chris do you need to share. Your screen yeah yeah let me do that your screen yeah yeah let me do that your screen yeah yeah let me do that. Okay right okay okay yes I guess I can't let right okay okay yes I guess I can't let. Me see let me check the comments yes me see let me check the comments yes me see let me check the comments yes. Okay cool thanks Elliot cool yeah so okay cool thanks Elliot cool yeah so okay cool thanks Elliot cool yeah so . Thanks everyone thanks for bearing with thanks everyone thanks for bearing with thanks everyone thanks for bearing with. Us through you know some technical us through you know some technical. Us through you know some technical difficulties here but yeah let's get difficulties here but yeah let's get. Difficulties here but yeah let's get go ahead and get started so this go ahead and get started so this. Go ahead and get started so this presentation here is a subset of a presentation here is a subset of a. Presentation here is a subset of a presentation I gave at Devcon in Bangkok presentation I gave at Devcon in Bangkok. Presentation I gave at Devcon in Bangkok at several events including multichain at several events including multichain. At several events including multichain day and funding the commons which day and funding the commons which. Day and funding the commons which is a a public goods organization which is a a public goods organization which. Is a a public goods organization which is really cool but basically we're is really cool but basically we're. Is really cool but basically we're talking about past Keys could kind of talking about past Keys could kind of. Talking about past Keys could kind of like I would say a revolution and user like I would say a revolution and user. Like I would say a revolution and user experience for web three onboarding experience for web three onboarding . Experience for web three onboarding so yeah let's go ahead and jump in so so yeah let's go ahead and jump in so. So yeah let's go ahead and jump in so thank you than you all for joining thank you than you all for joining. Thank you than you all for joining future stack smart contract wallets and future stack smart contract wallets and. Future stack smart contract wallets and pass keys on pass keys on pass keys on Stellar yeah so so basically yeah. Stellar yeah so so basically yeah Stellar yeah so so basically yeah my name is Chris anatalia I'm a. My name is Chris anatalia I'm a my name is Chris anatalia I'm a developer advocate for for Stellar. Developer advocate for for Stellar developer advocate for for Stellar development foundation and let's go. Development foundation and let's go development foundation and let's go ahead and just dive in so yeah we're. Ahead and just dive in so yeah we're ahead and just dive in so yeah we're just GNA give you a quick intro to like. Just GNA give you a quick intro to like just GNA give you a quick intro to like the what and why of p pasis and then we. The what and why of p pasis and then we the what and why of p pasis and then we dive into this really cool project . Dive into this really cool project dive into this really cool project that Tyler built which is basically a. That Tyler built which is basically a that Tyler built which is basically a. Typescript library that helps abstract typescript library that helps abstract typescript library that helps abstract. Away the complexity of integrating pass away the complexity of integrating pass away the complexity of integrating pass. Keys into your D app and then we're Keys into your D app and then we're Keys into your D app and then we're. Going to actually go through a reference going to actually go through a reference. Going to actually go through a reference application where we actually application where we actually. Application where we actually implement this pass Keys kit and just implement this pass Keys kit and just. Implement this pass Keys kit and just kind kind of demo the functionality it kind kind of demo the functionality it. Kind kind of demo the functionality it exposes to you so first off why pass exposes to you so first off why pass. Exposes to you so first off why pass Keys well everyone knows passwords Keys well everyone knows passwords. Keys well everyone knows passwords are terrible right but they've reached are terrible right but they've reached. Are terrible right but they've reached such a level of terribleness such a level of terribleness. Such a level of terribleness that it's it's hard to ignore right that it's it's hard to ignore right. That it's it's hard to ignore right so I mean other than you know packs so I mean other than you know packs. So I mean other than you know packs and leaks of of password databases and leaks of of password databases. And leaks of of password databases you know between that and just the you know between that and just the. You know between that and just the requirements that users find very hard requirements that users find very hard. Requirements that users find very hard they basically users aren't most they basically users aren't most. they basically users aren't most users are not following best practice of users are not following best practice of. Users are not following best practice of operational security just because operational security just because. Operational security just because it's difficult right so pass keys to it's difficult right so pass keys to. It's difficult right so pass keys to the rescue right so pass keys are the rescue right so pass keys are. The rescue right so pass keys are basically faster easier and safer right basically faster easier and safer right. Basically faster easier and safer right and they kind of get rid of you know and they kind of get rid of you know . And they kind of get rid of you know you know having to bage all these you know having to bage all these. You know having to bage all these different passwords and having like it different passwords and having like it. Different passwords and having like it secure onetime passwords sent to you secure onetime passwords sent to you. Secure onetime passwords sent to you via SMS right so pass Keys basically are via SMS right so pass Keys basically are. Via SMS right so pass Keys basically are enabled by well what's called a enabled by well what's called a. Enabled by well what's called a secure Enclave on I believe iPhone secure Enclave on I believe iPhone. Secure Enclave on I believe iPhone devices but basically you have a special devices but basically you have a special. Devices but basically you have a special chip that can do secure cryptographic. Chip that can do secure cryptographic chip that can do secure cryptographic. Operations right so so basically your operations right so so basically your. Operations right so so basically your device kind of Acts almost like a UB ke device kind of Acts almost like a UB ke. Device kind of Acts almost like a UB ke not exactly but basically your device not exactly but basically your device. Not exactly but basically your device acts as your source of authentication acts as your source of authentication. Acts as your source of authentication right so you're able to leverage right so you're able to leverage. Right so you're able to leverage something like fingerprint or face something like fingerprint or face. Something like fingerprint or face ID to be able to register and sign in. ID to be able to register and sign in ID to be able to register and sign in. For accounts as you see here happening for accounts as you see here happening for accounts as you see here happening. basically yeah you can either use basically yeah you can either use basically yeah you can either use. Your device or you can use something your device or you can use something your device or you can use something. Like a password manager to manage your like a password manager to manage your like a password manager to manage your. Pass Keys but basically yeah no more pass Keys but basically yeah no more pass Keys but basically yeah no more. 13 character passwords and all all of 13 character passwords and all all of 13 character passwords and all all of. That jumping through all those hoops and that jumping through all those hoops and. That jumping through all those hoops and ultimately it is safer you know because ultimately it is safer you know because. Ultimately it is safer you know because it's not stored somewhere in a database it's not stored somewhere in a database. It's not stored somewhere in a database that a hacker could break into that a hacker could break into. That a hacker could break into right the pass Keys kit is this right the pass Keys kit is this. Right the pass Keys kit is this really great typescript library really great typescript library. Really great typescript library that you can pull into your project that you can pull into your project . That you can pull into your project using we recommend you use PP npm using we recommend you use PP npm . Using we recommend you use PP npm for dependency management but yeah for dependency management but yeah. For dependency management but yeah basically it's a great Library you basically it's a great Library you. Basically it's a great Library you can find it at GitHub kale Pass Key kit can find it at GitHub kale Pass Key kit. Can find it at GitHub kale Pass Key kit and basically gives you all the and basically gives you all the. and basically gives you all the functionality you need to create and functionality you need to create and. Functionality you need to create and manage Stellar smart wallets so like I said before you can. Wallets so like I said before you can find it you just add it as a find it you just add it as a. Find it you just add it as a dependency to your project if you dependency to your project if you. Dependency to your project if you scan that QR code it'll bring you to the scan that QR code it'll bring you to the. Scan that QR code it'll bring you to the repo if you want to check it out repo if you want to check it out. Repo if you want to check it out but it's all GitHub you know you can but it's all GitHub you know you can. but it's all GitHub you know you can just Google it as well so yeah just Google it as well so yeah. Just Google it as well so yeah definitely check it out it's it's definitely check it out it's it's. Definitely check it out it's it's it's really cool but yeah we we'll go it's really cool but yeah we we'll go. It's really cool but yeah we we'll go through it here so basically the pass through it here so basically the pass. Through it here so basically the pass key kit allows you to implement signers key kit allows you to implement signers. Key kit allows you to implement signers you know various interactions with you know various interactions with. you know various interactions with your mall with your wallet and your mall with your wallet and. Your mall with your wallet and also really cool things like like also really cool things like like. Also really cool things like like policy signers which allow you to Grant policy signers which allow you to Grant. Policy signers which allow you to Grant explicit permissions to a signer explicit permissions to a signer. Explicit permissions to a signer a functions as both a client and a functions as both a client and. a functions as both a client and server Side Library with launch Tu server Side Library with launch Tu . Server Side Library with launch Tu on the server side that kind of helps on the server side that kind of helps. On the server side that kind of helps abstract away the complexity of abstract away the complexity of. Abstract away the complexity of submitting submitting submitting transactions to the. Transactions to the transactions to the network right so so the client lib is. Network right so so the client lib is network right so so the client lib is Pass Key kit and the server lib is Pass. Pass Key kit and the server lib is Pass Pass Key kit and the server lib is Pass Key. Key Key server and you can check at Super server and you can check at Super. Server and you can check at Super Peach as another reference Peach as another reference . Peach as another reference implementation so if we want to check out Pass Key. So if we want to check out Pass Key kit a little bit right so if you jump kit a little bit right so if you jump. Kit a little bit right so if you jump into the actual Pass Key kit repo and into the actual Pass Key kit repo and. Into the actual Pass Key kit repo and you go to sour kit. TS you can see you go to sour kit. TS you can see . You go to sour kit. TS you can see like kind of the nelt and bolts of how like kind of the nelt and bolts of how. Like kind of the nelt and bolts of how it works right you pass in your your RPC it works right you pass in your your RPC. It works right you pass in your your RPC URL you know the static Network URL you know the static Network. URL you know the static Network keyphrase and then you know it kind keyphrase and then you know it kind. Keyphrase and then you know it kind of It kind of set up all the stuff for of It kind of set up all the stuff for. Of It kind of set up all the stuff for you right and then it'll expose these you right and then it'll expose these. You right and then it'll expose these functions like create wallet functions like create wallet. Functions like create wallet that basically you know allows you to that basically you know allows you to. that basically you know allows you to perform all this functionality with perform all this functionality with. perform all this functionality with with basically just a function call with basically just a function call . With basically just a function call yeah so this is like the pass key kit yeah so this is like the pass key kit . Yeah so this is like the pass key kit client side code and with your in client side code and with your in. Client side code and with your in your actual application so when you your actual application so when you. Your actual application so when you initialize your passy kit right you initialize your passy kit right you. Initialize your passy kit right you import it and then U you create an import it and then U you create an. Import it and then U you create an instance of it right pass in your RPC instance of it right pass in your RPC. Instance of it right pass in your RPC URL of the public node you're using URL of the public node you're using. URL of the public node you're using and then you know as a seller and then you know as a seller. and then you know as a seller developer you know each You Know M developer you know each You Know M. Developer you know each You Know M net test net feature net they have this net test net feature net they have this. Net test net feature net they have this static nwk Network passphrase you static nwk Network passphrase you. Static nwk Network passphrase you know that you pass in for instance test know that you pass in for instance test. Know that you pass in for instance test SDF Network semicolon September 2015 and SDF Network semicolon September 2015 and. SDF Network semicolon September 2015 and then and then the deployed Factory. Then and then the deployed Factory then and then the deployed Factory. Contract address contract address contract address which is the the factory that. which is the the factory that which is the the factory that generates your spart contract wallet. Generates your spart contract wallet generates your spart contract wallet right yeah then that will be have to. Right yeah then that will be have to right yeah then that will be have to that will have to be deployed . That will have to be deployed that will have to be deployed beforehand on your selected. Net taking a quick look at the P key net taking a quick look at the P key server if you dig it to server . Server if you dig it to server server if you dig it to server server. TS you can see basically. Server. TS you can see basically server. TS you can see basically it's kind of the same thing you know. It's kind of the same thing you know it's kind of the same thing you know you're taking it launch tube URL . You're taking it launch tube URL you're taking it launch tube URL depending on which if you're on M dat or. Depending on which if you're on M dat or depending on which if you're on M dat or. Test that then you also need a jot test that then you also need a jot test that then you also need a jot. Token which is u a Json web token which token which is u a Json web token which token which is u a Json web token which. Kind of authenticates use launch tube kind of authenticates use launch tube . Kind of authenticates use launch tube we have self-served for that on testet I. We have self-served for that on testet I we have self-served for that on testet I. Believe but for main that I think you believe but for main that I think you. Believe but for main that I think you need to reach out to the team need to reach out to the team. Need to reach out to the team but yeah so when setting out the pass but yeah so when setting out the pass. but yeah so when setting out the pass key server in your application right key server in your application right. Key server in your application right you pass in your RPC URL you pass in you pass in your RPC URL you pass in. You pass in your RPC URL you pass in your lodg tube URL and you pass in your your lodg tube URL and you pass in your. Your lodg tube URL and you pass in your Lodge tube jot token Lodge tube jot token. Lodge tube jot token right so in this case we're importing it right so in this case we're importing it. Right so in this case we're importing it from a EnV file so so that stuff from a EnV file so so that stuff. From a EnV file so so that stuff will just be sitting in your local .v will just be sitting in your local .v. Will just be sitting in your local .v config file so if you want to follow along. File so if you want to follow along and you want to check out the demo app I and you want to check out the demo app I. And you want to check out the demo app I built you can scan this QR code or built you can scan this QR code or. Built you can scan this QR code or you could find it at analo CS pass Keys you could find it at analo CS pass Keys. You could find it at analo CS pass Keys kit Stellar reference kit Stellar reference. Kit Stellar reference implementation and yeah we we'll implementation and yeah we we'll . Implementation and yeah we we'll we'll said that out later too if you we'll said that out later too if you. We'll said that out later too if you don't catch it don't catch it don't catch it. Here so basically the use cases we're here so basically the use cases we're. Here so basically the use cases we're going to cover is creating a wallet going to cover is creating a wallet. Going to cover is creating a wallet signing into existing signing into existing signing into existing. Wallet a smart contract wallet a smart contract wallet a smart contract invocation adding a ed25519 signer and. Invocation adding a ed25519 signer and invocation adding a ed25519 signer and then adding a policy signer and also. Then adding a policy signer and also then adding a policy signer and also talking about some of those. Talking about some of those talking about some of those nuances so if you follow along with . Nuances so if you follow along with nuances so if you follow along with with the application if you want to pull. With the application if you want to pull with the application if you want to pull. It down and just run it locally it down and just run it locally it down and just run it locally . Basically here is the first example basically here is the first example basically here is the first example. Right so what we're doing here is we're right so what we're doing here is we're right so what we're doing here is we're. Creating a new wallet right and then creating a new wallet right and then creating a new wallet right and then. That wallet actually gets created as a that wallet actually gets created as a that wallet actually gets created as a. Deployed contract to testet as you can deployed contract to testet as you can deployed contract to testet as you can. See here right and then within the see here right and then within the see here right and then within the. Date of that contract you see the cider date of that contract you see the cider date of that contract you see the cider. So basically you you click create pass so basically you you click create pass so basically you you click create pass. create new Pass key right and then create new Pass key right and then. create new Pass key right and then in a browser you I you can either use. In a browser you I you can either use in a browser you I you can either use. Your fingerprint on your MacBook or your fingerprint on your MacBook or your fingerprint on your MacBook or. Password manager right and then the password manager right and then the password manager right and then the. The factory contract creates that smart the factory contract creates that smart the factory contract creates that smart. Contract that you can see here you can contract that you can see here you can contract that you can see here you can. See in Stell expert see in Stell expert see in Stell expert everything that's getting created. everything that's getting created everything that's getting created right so yeah just going through a. Right so yeah just going through a right so yeah just going through a couple times so you so you see it all. Couple times so you so you see it all couple times so you so you see it all you know you create the transaction you. You know you create the transaction you you know you create the transaction you that gets submitted by launch tube right. That gets submitted by launch tube right that gets submitted by launch tube right. the factory contract creates your the factory contract creates your the factory contract creates your. Spart contract wallet right and spart contract wallet right and spart contract wallet right and. Then then then and that it's here for you to use in and that it's here for you to use in. And that it's here for you to use in the future that's linked to your pass the future that's linked to your pass. The future that's linked to your pass key on your key on your key on your device right so digging into that. Device right so digging into that device right so digging into that code a little bit so so the front end. Code a little bit so so the front end code a little bit so so the front end. Calls this create wallet function right calls this create wallet function right calls this create wallet function right. so we name the wallet we and then so we name the wallet we and then so we name the wallet we and then . We call passy Wallet create wallet we call passy Wallet create wallet we call passy Wallet create wallet. Right we configured this object right we configured this object right we configured this object. Earlier at the top of the screen earlier at the top of the screen earlier at the top of the screen. Right with the RPC URL and all those right with the RPC URL and all those right with the RPC URL and all those. Parameters right so we invoke that parameters right so we invoke that parameters right so we invoke that. Create wallet function and then we create wallet function and then we create wallet function and then we. Get the assemble transaction right and get the assemble transaction right and get the assemble transaction right and. Then we use the pass key kit server to then we use the pass key kit server to then we use the pass key kit server to. Send that transaction right so just send that transaction right so just send that transaction right so just. Going through it again right so we we going through it again right so we we. Going through it again right so we we get the the what the wallet should be get the the what the wallet should be. Get the the what the wallet should be named we pass in the key ID the named we pass in the key ID the. Named we pass in the key ID the contract ID oh no we we get back all contract ID oh no we we get back all. Contract ID oh no we we get back all these fields what we call the create these fields what we call the create. These fields what we call the create wallet function right so we print out wallet function right so we print out. Wallet function right so we print out the transaction that we just created and. The transaction that we just created and the transaction that we just created and. Then we use a pass key kit server to then we use a pass key kit server to then we use a pass key kit server to. Actually send that transaction and then actually send that transaction and then actually send that transaction and then. We log the response of that transaction we log the response of that transaction we log the response of that transaction. Right and then you know all all right and then you know all all right and then you know all all. Seller Cy to be funded so we fund seller Cy to be funded so we fund seller Cy to be funded so we fund. That wallet as a final step so also so if you want to so step so also so if you want to so. When we print out the transaction info when we print out the transaction info when we print out the transaction info. You guys actually grab the the envelope you guys actually grab the the envelope you guys actually grab the the envelope. Xdr and then you can go to laboratory. Xdr and then you can go to laboratory. Xdr and then you can go to laboratory. Sell.com and if you want to dig into sell.com and if you want to dig into sell.com and if you want to dig into. A lot of the details of what's happening a lot of the details of what's happening. A lot of the details of what's happening in that transaction you can use lab. In that transaction you can use lab. In that transaction you can use lab. `stellar.org` and kind of dig into some `stellar.org` and kind of dig into some. `stellar.org` and kind of dig into some of the the nitty-gritty of the oper of the the nitty-gritty of the oper. Of the the nitty-gritty of the oper the actual operations being executed the actual operations being executed . The actual operations being executed yeah that that's available at lab. Yeah that that's available at lab. Yeah that that's available at lab. `stellar.org` `stellar.org` `stellar.org` xdr and in this reference application xdr and in this reference application. Xdr and in this reference application that envelope X gets printed out in that envelope X gets printed out in. That envelope X gets printed out in the console for you to grab right so when signing into an existing. Right so when signing into an existing pass Keys wallet right You can either pass Keys wallet right You can either. Pass Keys wallet right You can either use a key ID or you the browser could. Use a key ID or you the browser could use a key ID or you the browser could. Promp you right and then so when you promp you right and then so when you promp you right and then so when you. Sign into that existing wallet that's sign into that existing wallet that's sign into that existing wallet that's. Existing smart wallet pass Keys wallet existing smart wallet pass Keys wallet existing smart wallet pass Keys wallet. that you created you're able to do that you created you're able to do. that you created you're able to do that just using your fingerprint that just using your fingerprint. That just using your fingerprint for instance right and then yeah so for instance right and then yeah so. For instance right and then yeah so it's like a really simple user it's like a really simple user. It's like a really simple user experience you log in here's the experience you log in here's the. Experience you log in here's the smart contract that we created smart contract that we created. Smart contract that we created previously that represents your pasy previously that represents your pasy. Previously that represents your pasy smart wallet and yeah it's it's way smart wallet and yeah it's it's way. Smart wallet and yeah it's it's way simpler than managing a a 12 12w simpler than managing a a 12 12w. Simpler than managing a a 12 12w passphrase you know much much lighter passphrase you know much much lighter . Passphrase you know much much lighter much less friction onboarding new users much less friction onboarding new users. Much less friction onboarding new users right right so yeah you know a lot of right right so yeah you know a lot of. Right right so yeah you know a lot of this functionality is similar right so this functionality is similar right so. This functionality is similar right so to sign in very similar to creating a to sign in very similar to creating a. To sign in very similar to creating a wallet right you either type it wallet right you either type it. Wallet right you either type it you either pass it the key ID or it'll you either pass it the key ID or it'll. You either pass it the key ID or it'll prop you for either your fingerprint prop you for either your fingerprint. Prop you for either your fingerprint or your U password manager managed Pass or your U password manager managed Pass. Or your U password manager managed Pass key right and then all you do is you key right and then all you do is you. Key right and then all you do is you connect to that pass key that you connect to that pass key that you. Connect to that pass key that you already created and then yeah you're already created and then yeah you're. Already created and then yeah you're pretty good to you're pretty much good pretty good to you're pretty much good. Pretty good to you're pretty much good to go you know that's that's basically to go you know that's that's basically. To go you know that's that's basically the whole authentication the whole authentication. The whole authentication    flow for invoking a contract so so. Flow for invoking a contract so so flow for invoking a contract so so now so so now we're we actually we've. Now so so now we're we actually we've now so so now we're we actually we've. Created this smart contract pass Keys created this smart contract pass Keys created this smart contract pass Keys. Wallet that could actually invoke a wallet that could actually invoke a wallet that could actually invoke a. Deployed contract right so we have deployed contract right so we have . Deployed contract right so we have we deployed this smart contract we deployed this smart contract . We deployed this smart contract called math basically and all it does is called math basically and all it does is. Called math basically and all it does is it adds two integers right so there's. It adds two integers right so there's it adds two integers right so there's. A do math function on the spark contract a do math function on the spark contract. A do math function on the spark contract that we're actually invoking using our that we're actually invoking using our. That we're actually invoking using our Pas key wallet right so when we call Pas key wallet right so when we call. Pas key wallet right so when we call this invoke function right we are this invoke function right we are. This invoke function right we are signing using our Pass Key our signing using our Pass Key our. Signing using our Pass Key our fingerprint creating that transaction fingerprint creating that transaction. Fingerprint creating that transaction and then having launch tube helps shoot and then having launch tube helps shoot. And then having launch tube helps shoot off that transaction to the network died off that transaction to the network died. Off that transaction to the network died Byer pasy wallet you know so I mean the Byer pasy wallet you know so I mean the. Byer pasy wallet you know so I mean the actual operation is kind of trivial but actual operation is kind of trivial but. Actual operation is kind of trivial but the the idea behind it is pretty cool the the idea behind it is pretty cool. The the idea behind it is pretty cool right it's kind of like the whole right it's kind of like the whole. Right it's kind of like the whole abstra account abstraction flow where abstra account abstraction flow where. Abstra account abstraction flow where you have a smart wallet that could you have a smart wallet that could. You have a smart wallet that could actually invoke a smart contract so digging into the code. Contract so digging into the code that's called there so this do math that's called there so this do math. That's called there so this do math function gets invoked right and so we function gets invoked right and so we. Function gets invoked right and so we have this contract instant have this contract instant. Have this contract instant where we're calling the do math where we're calling the do math. where we're calling the do math function right and then we're going to function right and then we're going to. Function right and then we're going to sign it with our Pass key right and sign it with our Pass key right and. Sign it with our Pass key right and then after it's signed we're going to then after it's signed we're going to. Then after it's signed we're going to use a pass key server and launch tube to use a pass key server and launch tube to. Use a pass key server and launch tube to actually shoot off that transaction to actually shoot off that transaction to. Actually shoot off that transaction to the network and then we're going to the network and then we're going to. The network and then we're going to dig into the xdr of the response dig into the xdr of the response. dig into the xdr of the response and see the sum of the two numbers we and see the sum of the two numbers we. And see the sum of the two numbers we added right that's a trivial operation added right that's a trivial operation. Added right that's a trivial operation but as you imagine you can do basically but as you imagine you can do basically. But as you imagine you can do basically anything in spart contract function and anything in spart contract function and. Anything in spart contract function and basically this is a nuts and bolts of basically this is a nuts and bolts of. Basically this is a nuts and bolts of using a pass Keys wallet to sign a using a pass Keys wallet to sign a. Using a pass Keys wallet to sign a transaction and invoke another smart transaction and invoke another smart. Transaction and invoke another smart contract contract contract operation which is really amazing. Operation which is really amazing operation which is really amazing right it's such a cool library that. Right it's such a cool library that right it's such a cool library that Tyler built here it's so like user. Tyler built here it's so like user Tyler built here it's so like user friendly and easy to use it's it's. Friendly and easy to use it's it's friendly and easy to use it's it's pretty awesome so let's say you. Pretty awesome so let's say you pretty awesome so let's say you wanted to add add another CER to . Wanted to add add another CER to wanted to add add another CER to your pass key wallet right yeah I. Your pass key wallet right yeah I your pass key wallet right yeah I mean like that that's that's definitely. Mean like that that's that's definitely mean like that that's that's definitely possible right you can just add you know. Possible right you can just add you know possible right you can just add you know. Any any any classic Stell account as a any any any classic Stell account as a any any any classic Stell account as a. Cider what's dangerous there is cider what's dangerous there is cider what's dangerous there is. You're basically granting them access to you're basically granting them access to. You're basically granting them access to do do anything right on your account do do anything right on your account . Do do anything right on your account which is dangerous right for which is dangerous right for. Which is dangerous right for I hope obvious reasons but yeah yeah I hope obvious reasons but yeah yeah. I hope obvious reasons but yeah yeah obviously like if you want to Grant obviously like if you want to Grant. Obviously like if you want to Grant someone access to your account you want someone access to your account you want. Someone access to your account you want to Grant fine grain access where you to Grant fine grain access where you. To Grant fine grain access where you explicitly control what you're what explicitly control what you're what. Explicitly control what you're what you're kind of giving them so so you're kind of giving them so so. You're kind of giving them so so basically since we're passing an basically since we're passing an. Basically since we're passing an empty signers limit limits map we're not empty signers limit limits map we're not. Empty signers limit limits map we're not really con constraining the permissions really con constraining the permissions. Really con constraining the permissions we're giving them right so when we we're giving them right so when we. We're giving them right so when we when we sign this transaction and we set when we sign this transaction and we set. When we sign this transaction and we set it at the CER we're actually allow it at the CER we're actually allow. It at the CER we're actually allow the CER to do anything on our behalf the CER to do anything on our behalf . The CER to do anything on our behalf for for that pasy wallet right so for for that pasy wallet right so. For for that pasy wallet right so that's obviously not ideal that's obviously not ideal. That's obviously not ideal what's cool here is we're adding what's cool here is we're adding. what's cool here is we're adding what's called a policy CER like I'm not what's called a policy CER like I'm not. What's called a policy CER like I'm not sure this is currently on mainnet but it sure this is currently on mainnet but it. Sure this is currently on mainnet but it it basically it basically it basically the way I explain it is like it it. the way I explain it is like it it the way I explain it is like it it pro there's like like a a proxy contract. Pro there's like like a a proxy contract pro there's like like a a proxy contract. Right so basically you have to go right so basically you have to go right so basically you have to go. Through this proxy contract which kind through this proxy contract which kind through this proxy contract which kind. Of constrains what abilities you're able of constrains what abilities you're able. Of constrains what abilities you're able to take on that invocation so so to take on that invocation so so. To take on that invocation so so basically you're you're granting a basically you're you're granting a. Basically you're you're granting a very fine grained set of very fine grained set of. Very fine grained set of permissions to The Cider allowing permissions to The Cider allowing. Permissions to The Cider allowing them to perform a specific activity them to perform a specific activity . Them to perform a specific activity without giving them full access to your without giving them full access to your. Without giving them full access to your account right so obviously that's that's account right so obviously that's that's. Account right so obviously that's that's I that's way more ideal than granting I that's way more ideal than granting. I that's way more ideal than granting you know u a blank check to a Aigner so you know u a blank check to a Aigner so. You know u a blank check to a Aigner so so for attaching a policy CER U you'll so for attaching a policy CER U you'll. So for attaching a policy CER U you'll notice a difference here is we're notice a difference here is we're. Notice a difference here is we're actually adding in an entry to the actually adding in an entry to the. Actually adding in an entry to the signer limits right U and as you can see signer limits right U and as you can see. Signer limits right U and as you can see we're passing in the the do math we're passing in the the do math . We're passing in the the do math deployed contract hash but then also deployed contract hash but then also. Deployed contract hash but then also another contract called do math policy another contract called do math policy. Another contract called do math policy and that policy is kind of the proxy and that policy is kind of the proxy. And that policy is kind of the proxy contract that kind of dictates what contract that kind of dictates what. Contract that kind of dictates what you're able to do are that defined you're able to do are that defined . You're able to do are that defined doe math contract right so like the call doe math contract right so like the call. Doe math contract right so like the call has to go through that policy first has to go through that policy first. Has to go through that policy first which kind of constrains what what which kind of constrains what what. Which kind of constrains what what you're able to do with that cider so you're able to do with that cider so. You're able to do with that cider so this is kind of like I would say this is kind of like I would say. This is kind of like I would say revolutionary I think yeah I think it's revolutionary I think yeah I think it's. Revolutionary I think yeah I think it's a really cool concept you know you're a really cool concept you know you're. A really cool concept you know you're able to U kind kind of delegate to able to U kind kind of delegate to. Able to U kind kind of delegate to another signer very fine grain another signer very fine grain. Another signer very fine grain permissions you know which I think is permissions you know which I think is. Permissions you know which I think is very powerful and yeah it's just a very powerful and yeah it's just a. Very powerful and yeah it's just a really cool thing that Tyler built here really cool thing that Tyler built here. Really cool thing that Tyler built here right so like yeah if you want to right so like yeah if you want to. Right so like yeah if you want to check out some more Pass Key demos right check out some more Pass Key demos right. Check out some more Pass Key demos right Elliot he created this really cool. Elliot he created this really cool Elliot he created this really cool. Dice roller game and then is super dice roller game and then is super dice roller game and then is super. Peach the classic implementation peach the classic implementation peach the classic implementation . There's a little demo built into Pas key there's a little demo built into Pas key. There's a little demo built into Pas key kit repo itself right and if you need. Kit repo itself right and if you need kit repo itself right and if you need. A lot Tobe J token I think we do self a lot Tobe J token I think we do self a lot Tobe J token I think we do self. Serve for test that but also just reach serve for test that but also just reach serve for test that but also just reach. Out to us on out to us on out to us on Discord cool yeah okay great thank you that it was. Yeah okay great thank you that it was very interesting we we we actually very interesting we we we actually. Very interesting we we we actually did a similar presentation at Meridian did a similar presentation at Meridian. Did a similar presentation at Meridian at the hackathon and a lot of the teams at the hackathon and a lot of the teams. At the hackathon and a lot of the teams chose to implement U pass which was chose to implement U pass which was. Chose to implement U pass which was great to see because they had they had great to see because they had they had. Great to see because they had they had limited time to to get their application limited time to to get their application. Limited time to to get their application built and they decided a lot of them built and they decided a lot of them. Built and they decided a lot of them decided to use pass keys and they got decided to use pass keys and they got. Decided to use pass keys and they got pretty pretty smooth so so yeah pretty pretty smooth so so yeah. Pretty pretty smooth so so yeah definitely go go check it out I think definitely go go check it out I think. Definitely go go check it out I think it's it's it's it's it's a huge it's it's it's it's it's a huge. It's it's it's it's it's a huge Improvement in in user experience Improvement in in user experience . Improvement in in user experience when we talk about the when we talk when we talk about the when we talk. When we talk about the when we talk about web three apps okay great I about web three apps okay great I. About web three apps okay great I will now invite Z up and he'll talk will now invite Z up and he'll talk. Will now invite Z up and he'll talk talk about the about the talk about the about the . Talk about the about the increasing soran limits so please go increasing soran limits so please go. Increasing soran limits so please go ahead yeah can you hear me yeah perfect ahead yeah can you hear me yeah perfect. Ahead yeah can you hear me yeah perfect okay yeah I don't have a presentation okay yeah I don't have a presentation. Okay yeah I don't have a presentation today so I'll just speaking to you today so I'll just speaking to you. Today so I'll just speaking to you but Carson should be dropping a but Carson should be dropping a. But Carson should be dropping a couple links to some documents that'll couple links to some documents that'll. Couple links to some documents that'll be helpful yeah I'm my name is sart s be helpful yeah I'm my name is sart s. Be helpful yeah I'm my name is sart s I'm a software engineer on the core team. I'm a software engineer on the core team I'm a software engineer on the core team. And today I'll be going over a proposal and today I'll be going over a proposal and today I'll be going over a proposal. From the ecosystem to increase some from the ecosystem to increase some from the ecosystem to increase some. Sorond limits and for cont from some sorond limits and for cont from some sorond limits and for cont from some. Context suron transactions are context suron transactions are context suron transactions are. Subject to various settings and Lins subject to various settings and Lins subject to various settings and Lins. That can be updated with the validator that can be updated with the validator that can be updated with the validator. Vote similar to our protocol vote similar to our protocol vote similar to our protocol. Upgrade so there were three separate upgrade so there were three separate upgrade so there were three separate. Proposals to increase limits from the proposals to increase limits from the proposals to increase limits from the. Ecosystem and slp1 which there's a ecosystem and slp1 which there's a ecosystem and slp1 which there's a. Link in the in the comments below is link in the in the comments below is link in the in the comments below is. A combination of all three and you can a combination of all three and you can a combination of all three and you can. See the proposers in the author section see the proposers in the author section see the proposers in the author section. Of the of the of the SLP so first I'll go over the Ledger SLP so first I'll go over the Ledger. SLP so first I'll go over the Ledger entry limits so the read entry and right entry limits so the read entry and right. Entry limits so the read entry and right entry limits are being increased for entry limits are being increased for. Entry limits are being increased for both the transaction level and Ledger both the transaction level and Ledger. Both the transaction level and Ledger level limits the max Ledger entries that level limits the max Ledger entries that. Level limits the max Ledger entries that can be read in a transaction is can be read in a transaction is. Can be read in a transaction is increasing from 40 to 100 and the max increasing from 40 to 100 and the max. Increasing from 40 to 100 and the max Ledger entries that can be written in a Ledger entries that can be written in a. Ledger entries that can be written in a transaction is written is increasing transaction is written is increasing. Transaction is written is increasing from 25 to 50 so these increases will from 25 to 50 so these increases will. From 25 to 50 so these increases will allow defi protocols like like Hoops allow defi protocols like like Hoops. Allow defi protocols like like Hoops Finance Sor Swap and blend to scale Finance Sor Swap and blend to scale. Finance Sor Swap and blend to scale up and perform more complex transactions up and perform more complex transactions. Up and perform more complex transactions that they aren't able aren't able to do that they aren't able aren't able to do. That they aren't able aren't able to do today with current today with current. Today with current limits so to make sure that the the limits so to make sure that the the. Limits so to make sure that the the network can actually handle the network can actually handle the. Network can actually handle the increased runtime from these increased increased runtime from these increased. Increased runtime from these increased limits we developed a command line limits we developed a command line. Limits we developed a command line benchmarking tool in Stellar core that benchmarking tool in Stellar core that. Benchmarking tool in Stellar core that lets us measure Ledger apply times using lets us measure Ledger apply times using. Lets us measure Ledger apply times using different Soroban settings so the tool different Soroban settings so the tool. Different Soroban settings so the tool will generate a a worst case will generate a a worst case. Will generate a a worst case transaction set that uses as much of the transaction set that uses as much of the. Transaction set that uses as much of the resources available as possible apply resources available as possible apply. Resources available as possible apply those transactions and then just records those transactions and then just records. Those transactions and then just records the apply time and the the SLP has some the apply time and the the SLP has some. The apply time and the the SLP has some more information and results from this more information and results from this. More information and results from this testing So based on the benchmarking testing So based on the benchmarking. Testing So based on the benchmarking Sellar core can handle the increase the Sellar core can handle the increase the. Sellar core can handle the increase the transaction level minuts limits I transaction level minuts limits I. Transaction level minuts limits I mentioned as well as increasing The mentioned as well as increasing The. Mentioned as well as increasing The Ledger level limits to maintain the Ledger level limits to maintain the. Ledger level limits to maintain the current 5x ratio between the transaction current 5x ratio between the transaction. Current 5x ratio between the transaction and Ledger level and Ledger level and Ledger level. Limits now the last limit being limits now the last limit being limits now the last limit being. Increased is the max transaction events increased is the max transaction events increased is the max transaction events. Size limit which is the combined size of size limit which is the combined size of. Size limit which is the combined size of the events that can be emitted within the events that can be emitted within. The events that can be emitted within the single transaction the single transaction. The single transaction and the current limit is 8 kilobytes and the current limit is 8 kilobytes. and the current limit is 8 kilobytes and this limit is low enough that and this limit is low enough that. and this limit is low enough that some protocols like a squid router will some protocols like a squid router will. Some protocols like a squid router will run into the limit when publishing run into the limit when publishing. Run into the limit when publishing payloads that they don't want to manage payloads that they don't want to manage. Payloads that they don't want to manage offchain so the proposal bumps it to 16 offchain so the proposal bumps it to 16. Offchain so the proposal bumps it to 16 kilobytes a benchmarking this increase kilobytes a benchmarking this increase. Kilobytes a benchmarking this increase in Stellar core however isn't very in Stellar core however isn't very. In Stellar core however isn't very valuable Stellar core just adds the valuable Stellar core just adds the. Valuable Stellar core just adds the events to the transaction meta and events to the transaction meta and. Events to the transaction meta and writes it to a pipe when I did my writes it to a pipe when I did my. Writes it to a pipe when I did my benchmarking and I increased the the benchmarking and I increased the the. Benchmarking and I increased the the events limit I saw no hit to events limit I saw no hit to. Events limit I saw no hit to Performance cuz in seller core Performance cuz in seller core. Performance cuz in seller core specifically so it's more relevant to specifically so it's more relevant to. Specifically so it's more relevant to hear from Downstream consumers to get hear from Downstream consumers to get. Hear from Downstream consumers to get their opinion on if they can handle the their opinion on if they can handle the. Their opinion on if they can handle the increased theoretical load and I say increased theoretical load and I say. Increased theoretical load and I say theoretical because in practice we theoretical because in practice we. Theoretical because in practice we don't see large amounts of data emitted don't see large amounts of data emitted. Don't see large amounts of data emitted through events at the moment so I through events at the moment so I. Through events at the moment so I guess our ask here is for feedback on if guess our ask here is for feedback on if. Guess our ask here is for feedback on if any of you expect issues from this any of you expect issues from this . Any of you expect issues from this from this increase to the events limit from this increase to the events limit. From this increase to the events limit so all of the increased limits from so all of the increased limits from. so all of the increased limits from slp1 have been apply to test met so slp1 have been apply to test met so. Slp1 have been apply to test met so feel free to try them out and I also feel free to try them out and I also. Feel free to try them out and I also wanted to mention that the SLP wanted to mention that the SLP. Wanted to mention that the SLP process is new and still being improved process is new and still being improved. Process is new and still being improved but the end goal is to allow anyone but the end goal is to allow anyone. but the end goal is to allow anyone in the ecosystem to propose new settings in the ecosystem to propose new settings. In the ecosystem to propose new settings and evaluate them using the tooling I and evaluate them using the tooling I. And evaluate them using the tooling I mentioned currently the tooling is is mentioned currently the tooling is is. Mentioned currently the tooling is is still being worked on and we have we still being worked on and we have we. Still being worked on and we have we don't have a lot of documentation for it don't have a lot of documentation for it. Don't have a lot of documentation for it yet but we're hoping soon that all this yet but we're hoping soon that all this. Yet but we're hoping soon that all this all all this will be good enough all all this will be good enough . All all this will be good enough for someone in the ecosystem to go for someone in the ecosystem to go. For someone in the ecosystem to go through the entire the entire proposal through the entire the entire proposal. Through the entire the entire proposal and evaluation process without our help and evaluation process without our help. And evaluation process without our help so and the current SLP proposal so and the current SLP proposal. so and the current SLP proposal format can be found at the read me in format can be found at the read me in. Format can be found at the read me in that Stellar protocol link that was that that Stellar protocol link that was that. That Stellar protocol link that was that was dropped in the was dropped in the was dropped in the. Comments so yeah that's all I had for comments so yeah that's all I had for. Comments so yeah that's all I had for today if there are any questions let me today if there are any questions let me. Today if there are any questions let me know great thank you yeah if if there's know great thank you yeah if if there's. Know great thank you yeah if if there's any questions please drop them in any questions please drop them in. Any questions please drop them in the in the comments this is the in the comments this is . The in the comments this is something that we are going to try to something that we are going to try to. Something that we are going to try to experiment with going forward when we do experiment with going forward when we do. Experiment with going forward when we do some upgrades and when we do some some upgrades and when we do some . Some upgrades and when we do some updates and change limits and things updates and change limits and things. Updates and change limits and things like that just to have a quick have a like that just to have a quick have a. Like that just to have a quick have a quick talk about it here in the in the quick talk about it here in the in the. Quick talk about it here in the in the weekly developer meetings next week weekly developer meetings next week. Weekly developer meetings next week we actually going to talk about the we actually going to talk about the. We actually going to talk about the protocol 22 and and some of the some of protocol 22 and and some of the some of. Protocol 22 and and some of the some of the new features that was launched there the new features that was launched there. The new features that was launched there that was it but that's what we had that was it but that's what we had. that was it but that's what we had for for the meeting today thank you for for the meeting today thank you. For for the meeting today thank you to to both our presenters for for taking to to both our presenters for for taking. To to both our presenters for for taking the time to to to speak here and yeah. The time to to to speak here and yeah the time to to to speak here and yeah. I'll see everyone else next Thursday I'll see everyone else next Thursday I'll see everyone else next Thursday. Thank you.
