The chat the chat yeah we're live all right yeah we're live all right yeah we're live all right. Hello hi everyone hello hi everyone hello hi everyone it's a pleasure to have you with us. It's a pleasure to have you with us it's a pleasure to have you with us today today. Today I my name is lisa nester I am a I my name is lisa nester I am a I my name is lisa nester I am a. Senior strategist at the Stellar senior strategist at the Stellar senior strategist at the Stellar. Development foundation development foundation development foundation and you are joining us for our. And you are joining us for our and you are joining us for our third roundtable discussion second topic. Third roundtable discussion second topic third roundtable discussion second topic. That we've ever covered that we've ever covered that we've ever covered and we are very happy to have you with. And we are very happy to have you with and we are very happy to have you with us today. Us today us today so I guess to get started i'd love to so I guess to get started i'd love to. So I guess to get started i'd love to kind of frame kind of frame kind of frame. Again the purpose of these roundtable again the purpose of these roundtable again the purpose of these roundtable. Discussions hopefully we're going to discussions hopefully we're going to discussions hopefully we're going to. Have a lot of have a lot of have a lot of audience members and viewers joining in. Audience members and viewers joining in audience members and viewers joining in and we'd love to invite you into the. And we'd love to invite you into the and we'd love to invite you into the discussion as well. Discussion as well discussion as well and then i'll jump into what the topic and then i'll jump into what the topic. And then i'll jump into what the topic for today is for today is for today is so in general. So in general so in general at the Stellar development foundation at the Stellar development foundation. At the Stellar development foundation you know we want to make sure that we're you know we want to make sure that we're. You know we want to make sure that we're facilitating facilitating facilitating broad inclusive ecosystem driven. broad inclusive ecosystem driven broad inclusive ecosystem driven discussion. Discussion discussion around the types of tools that the around the types of tools that the. Around the types of tools that the Stellar ecosystem needs to continue to Stellar ecosystem needs to continue to. Stuller ecosystem needs to continue to grow grow grow on and have successful use cases and. On and have successful use cases and on and have successful use cases and businesses utilizing Stellar. Businesses utilizing Stellar businesses utilizing Stellar and so in that regard we've started. And so in that regard we've started and so in that regard we've started these enterprise roundtable discussions. These enterprise roundtable discussions these enterprise roundtable discussions to invite. To invite to invite key enterprises within the Stellar key enterprises within the Stellar. Key enterprises within the Stellar ecosystem to sit down at a table with ecosystem to sit down at a table with. Ecosystem to sit down at a table with various members of the seller various members of the seller. Various members of the seller development foundation to discuss development foundation to discuss. Development foundation to discuss topics that are really timely and topics that are really timely and. Topics that are really timely and important for the growth of the important for the growth of the. Important for the growth of the ecosystem right now ecosystem right now ecosystem right now. And as i've mentioned we also live and as i've mentioned we also live and as i've mentioned we also live. Stream these events stream these events stream these events and have a q a box for any viewers so. And have a q a box for any viewers so and have a q a box for any viewers so that we really can do our best to. That we really can do our best to that we really can do our best to include all of the voices in the. Include all of the voices in the include all of the voices in the ecosystem ecosystem. Ecosystem so if you're watching us and you so if you're watching us and you. So if you're watching us and you have comments or questions as we go have comments or questions as we go. Have comments or questions as we go through this discussion through this discussion. Through this discussion please drop them in the chat box and please drop them in the chat box and. Please drop them in the chat box and we'll do our best to we'll do our best to we'll do our best to. Respond and include those perspectives respond and include those perspectives respond and include those perspectives. So so so for the discussion today we're going to for the discussion today we're going to. For the discussion today we're going to be talking about custodial versus be talking about custodial versus. Be talking about custodial versus non-custodial applications in the non-custodial applications in the. Non-custodial applications in the Stellar ecosystem Stellar ecosystem Stellar ecosystem. And so why is this an important topic and so why is this an important topic. And so why is this an important topic well well well the truth is that if you're building a. The truth is that if you're building a the truth is that if you're building a product on Stellar or. Product on Stellar or product on Stellar or any blockchain network really one of the. Any blockchain network really one of the any blockchain network really one of the. First things you have to figure out first things you have to figure out first things you have to figure out. Is how to manage your user secret keys is how to manage your user secret keys is how to manage your user secret keys. There are two fundamentally different there are two fundamentally different there are two fundamentally different. Approaches that approaches that approaches that are seemingly practically and are seemingly practically and. Are seemingly practically and philosophically at odds philosophically at odds philosophically at odds. Custodial solution keeps keep keys on custodial solution keeps keep keys on custodial solution keeps keep keys on. Behalf of users and non-custodial behalf of users and non-custodial behalf of users and non-custodial. Solutions solutions solutions put keys into users hands and I think put keys into users hands and I think. Put keys into users hands and I think most of us would agree that during the most of us would agree that during the. Most of us would agree that during the early days of Stellar and also within early days of Stellar and also within. Early days of Stellar and also within the broader crypto landscape the broader crypto landscape. The broader crypto landscape non-custodial wallet designs were kind non-custodial wallet designs were kind. Non-custodial wallet designs were kind of by and far the default of by and far the default. Of by and far the default in my opinion this is because the in my opinion this is because the. in my opinion this is because the novelty of kind of being your own bank novelty of kind of being your own bank. Novelty of kind of being your own bank and having direct and having direct and having direct. Access to digital assets drove forward access to digital assets drove forward access to digital assets drove forward. Applications applications applications and wallets that were primarily not and wallets that were primarily not. and wallets that were primarily not custodial nature custodial nature custodial nature. However as the Stellar ecosystem has however as the Stellar ecosystem has however as the Stellar ecosystem has. Grown over the last few years grown over the last few years grown over the last few years. We have seen more custodial design we have seen more custodial design we have seen more custodial design. Approaches by enterprise and our approaches by enterprise and our approaches by enterprise and our. Ecosystem ecosystem ecosystem so that's why we're opening up this so that's why we're opening up this. So that's why we're opening up this discussion today discussion today discussion today. Because we've seen a lot of growth in because we've seen a lot of growth in because we've seen a lot of growth in. Applications on Stellar applications on Stellar applications on Stellar that are getting more and more users we. That are getting more and more users we that are getting more and more users we think it's a great time to check in. Think it's a great time to check in think it's a great time to check in on how wallets are currently set up. on how wallets are currently set up on how wallets are currently set up experiences people are having and how. Experiences people are having and how experiences people are having and how they're thinking about moving forward. They're thinking about moving forward they're thinking about moving forward and then also we have two at least two. And then also we have two at least two and then also we have two at least two kind of specific technical developments. Kind of specific technical developments kind of specific technical developments within the Stellar ecosystem. Within the Stellar ecosystem within the Stellar ecosystem that are worth checking in on as. that are worth checking in on as that are worth checking in on as they're related to the specific topic at. They're related to the specific topic at they're related to the specific topic at. Hand hand hand so one is cap 27 so cap 27 so one is cap 27 so cap 27 so one is cap 27 so cap 27. Is allows first class multi multiplex is allows first class multi multiplex. Is allows first class multi multiplex accounts accounts accounts this was included in protocol 13 and. this was included in protocol 13 and this was included in protocol 13 and it basically allows services to map a. It basically allows services to map a it basically allows services to map a single seller account to multiple users. Single seller account to multiple users single seller account to multiple users and it could make custodial solutions a. And it could make custodial solutions a and it could make custodial solutions a lot easier to build. Lot easier to build lot easier to build on the other hand we also have sep 30 on the other hand we also have sep 30. On the other hand we also have sep 30 which is a recovery signer which is a recovery signer. Which is a recovery signer and this defines an api that enables a and this defines an api that enables a. And this defines an api that enables a user to regain access to a Stellar user to regain access to a Stellar. User to regain access to a Stellar account account account after losing a private key without. After losing a private key without after losing a private key without providing a third party control of the. Providing a third party control of the providing a third party control of the account. Account account we're actually really lucky to have we're actually really lucky to have . We're actually really lucky to have the key architect for step 30 lee from the key architect for step 30 lee from. The key architect for step 30 lee from the sdf joining us today the sdf joining us today. The sdf joining us today and this solution in particular is and this solution in particular is. And this solution in particular is something that could make non-custodial something that could make non-custodial. Something that could make non-custodial solutions a bit easier solutions a bit easier. Solutions a bit easier so kind of checking in on where so kind of checking in on where. So kind of checking in on where things are at and also thinking about things are at and also thinking about. Things are at and also thinking about these two new technical developments these two new technical developments. These two new technical developments this is going to be the focus of our this is going to be the focus of our. This is going to be the focus of our discussion today on custodial versus discussion today on custodial versus. Discussion today on custodial versus non-custodial solutions non-custodial solutions. Non-custodial solutions so with that I would love to get so with that I would love to get. so with that I would love to get started started started and I would love to start by having. And I would love to start by having and I would love to start by having our fantastic guests join us. Our fantastic guests join us our fantastic guests join us I will call you out just because we're. I will call you out just because we're I will call you out just because we're on screen and not in person. On screen and not in person on screen and not in person so if I can invite marco to stardust. So if I can invite marco to stardust so if I can invite marco to stardust hello thanks for having us here my. Hello thanks for having us here my hello thanks for having us here my name is marco. Name is marco name is marco I am one of the co-founders at saldo I am one of the co-founders at saldo. I am one of the co-founders at saldo mx mx mx and anchor service for the mexican peso. And anchor service for the mexican peso and anchor service for the mexican peso wonderful thanks marco all right how. Wonderful thanks marco all right how wonderful thanks marco all right how about meinhard next. Yes so yeah my name is mayanhard and I'm yes so yeah my name is mayanhard and I'm. The ceo the ceo the ceo and founder of satoshi pay and recently and founder of satoshi pay and recently. And founder of satoshi pay and recently we launched d we launched d we launched d. Transfer which is a b2b cross-border transfer which is a b2b cross-border transfer which is a b2b cross-border. Money transfer service money transfer service money transfer service and that's kind of the main focus of. And that's kind of the main focus of and that's kind of the main focus of what we're doing right now. What we're doing right now what we're doing right now awesome and actually for god I said that. Awesome and actually for god I said that awesome and actually for god I said that. I was going to ask a special I was going to ask a special I was going to ask a special. Surprise question so we'll come back to surprise question so we'll come back to surprise question so we'll come back to. You marco and this goes straight to you you marco and this goes straight to you you marco and this goes straight to you. Mine hard any new quarantine hobbies mine hard any new quarantine hobbies mine hard any new quarantine hobbies. That you've picked up over the last nine that you've picked up over the last nine. That you've picked up over the last nine months we'll say months we'll say months we'll say. 20 20 new hobbies 20 20 new hobbies 20 20 new hobbies not strictly your hobby but i. Not strictly your hobby but I not strictly your hobby but I meditate every day. Meditate every day meditate every day so that's going to be something I picked so that's going to be something I picked. So that's going to be something I picked up okay this time up okay this time up okay this time. Yeah awesome marco yeah awesome marco yeah awesome marco well this is exactly I mean not a hobby. Well this is exactly I mean not a hobby well this is exactly I mean not a hobby either. Either either but i've been like learning a lot of but i've been like learning a lot of. But i've been like learning a lot of cooking months so yeah and I enjoy it so months so yeah and I enjoy it so. Happy hopefully other people are happy hopefully other people are happy hopefully other people are. Enjoying it too that's awesome that's enjoying it too that's awesome that's enjoying it too that's awesome that's. Great great great cool and then I will turn it over to you cool and then I will turn it over to you. Cool and then I will turn it over to you christian yes thanks for having me I'm. Yes thanks for having me I'm christian the cto and co-founder of christian the cto and co-founder of. Christian the cto and co-founder of d-stock d-stock d-stock so we do tokenized securities such as. So we do tokenized securities such as so we do tokenized securities such as apple and tesla and make them tradeable. Apple and tesla and make them tradeable apple and tesla and make them tradeable on the decks. On the decks on the decks and yeah we're live since I think not and yeah we're live since I think not. And yeah we're live since I think not two or three months two or three months two or three months. And have looked deep into custodial and have looked deep into custodial and have looked deep into custodial. Solutions solutions solutions quite late great and any quarantine quite late great and any quarantine. Quite late great and any quarantine hobbies that you picked up not really hobbies actually so actually. Not really hobbies actually so actually the thing is in germany there was a the thing is in germany there was a. The thing is in germany there was a lockdown of schools as well so I was lockdown of schools as well so I was. Lockdown of schools as well so I was like like like after doing a lot of cryptographic math. After doing a lot of cryptographic math after doing a lot of cryptographic math in the last year I was doing a lot of. In the last year I was doing a lot of in the last year I was doing a lot of primary school mars this year when I was. Primary school mars this year when I was primary school mars this year when I was. Had to teach my daughter so had to teach my daughter so had to teach my daughter so. That has become my hobby that's fair that has become my hobby that's fair that has become my hobby that's fair. Enough that's good enough that's good enough that's good all right and so next i'll hand it. all right and so next i'll hand it all right and so next i'll hand it over to justin. Over to justin over to justin from the sdf hi I'm justin head of from the sdf hi I'm justin head of. From the sdf hi I'm justin head of ecosystem at the Stellar development ecosystem at the Stellar development. Ecosystem at the Stellar development foundation foundation foundation excited to be here obviously well my. Excited to be here obviously well my excited to be here obviously well my team. Team team we care a lot about what the we care a lot about what the we care a lot about what the. Ecosystem is doing and whenever there ecosystem is doing and whenever there ecosystem is doing and whenever there. Are improvements or changes are improvements or changes are improvements or changes. Part of what we try to find out is part of what we try to find out is part of what we try to find out is. Whether they work for the ecosystem and whether they work for the ecosystem and whether they work for the ecosystem and. Also how to get them out there so that also how to get them out there so that also how to get them out there so that. Everybody's using them in a way that everybody's using them in a way that everybody's using them in a way that. Makes things interoperable so makes things interoperable so makes things interoperable so. Very interested to hear people's very interested to hear people's very interested to hear people's. Feedback my quarantine hobby so far is feedback my quarantine hobby so far is feedback my quarantine hobby so far is. asbestos remediation that's an important hobby I hope that's an important hobby I hope. Everyone everyone everyone everyone checks it out any homeowner everyone checks it out any homeowner. Everyone checks it out any homeowner should make sure to develop that hobby should make sure to develop that hobby. Should make sure to develop that hobby I live in an old house and it turns out I live in an old house and it turns out. I live in an old house and it turns out there was a lot of asbestos there was a lot of asbestos. There was a lot of asbestos and okay that just becomes a consuming and okay that just becomes a consuming. And okay that just becomes a consuming thing thing thing it can yeah absolutely okay and then. It can yeah absolutely okay and then it can yeah absolutely okay and then last but not least. Last but not least last but not least lee yeah hi I'm I'm lee yeah hi I'm I'm . lee yeah hi I'm I'm liam khalik I'm a software engineer at liam khalik I'm a software engineer at. Liam khalik I'm a software engineer at the Stellar development foundation the Stellar development foundation. The Stellar development foundation and I contribute to and I contribute to . and I contribute to sets like sub 30 septem and sets like sub 30 septem and. sets like sub 30 septem and yeah I'm just really interested in yeah I'm just really interested in. Yeah I'm just really interested in custodial and non-custodial solutions custodial and non-custodial solutions. Custodial and non-custodial solutions and and and how we make them interoperable well. How we make them interoperable well how we make them interoperable well sounds like you're in the right place. Sounds like you're in the right place sounds like you're in the right place lee lee. Lee but you can you don't get away but you can you don't get away but you can you don't get away. Without letting us know if you have any without letting us know if you have any without letting us know if you have any. Quarantine hobbies as well quarantine hobbies as well quarantine hobbies as well similar similar similar to christian. similar similar similar to christian similar similar similar to christian definitely became a teacher as well. Definitely became a teacher as well definitely became a teacher as well okay those are skills that will pay off. Okay those are skills that will pay off okay those are skills that will pay off though I'm sure so. Though I'm sure so though I'm sure so that's great I myself picked up that's great I myself picked up. That's great I myself picked up skateboarding and this thing called a skateboarding and this thing called a. Skateboarding and this thing called a rip stick a little bit that's kind of rip stick a little bit that's kind of. Rip stick a little bit that's kind of like a like a like a cool that was you know a good way to. Cool that was you know a good way to cool that was you know a good way to when maybe there's no commute it was a. When maybe there's no commute it was a when maybe there's no commute it was a nice way to spend the afternoons after. Nice way to spend the afternoons after nice way to spend the afternoons after work. Work work so okay great well I would love to so okay great well I would love to. So okay great well I would love to dive in dive in dive in I guess straight into the meat of it. I guess straight into the meat of it I guess straight into the meat of it which is. Which is which is i'd love to hear what each of you are i'd love to hear what each of you are. i'd love to hear what each of you are doing doing doing for your current custodial strategy with. For your current custodial strategy with for your current custodial strategy with. Estoc and saldo estoc and saldo estoc and saldo and satoshi bay and and satoshi bay and . And satoshi bay and you know maybe a little bit about why you know maybe a little bit about why. You know maybe a little bit about why you chose that approach you chose that approach. You chose that approach and how you're thinking about things now and how you're thinking about things now. And how you're thinking about things now moving forward so minehart perhaps we'll. Moving forward so minehart perhaps we'll moving forward so minehart perhaps we'll. Start with you sure so at satoshi bay we essentially sure so at satoshi bay we essentially. Have three major services have three major services have three major services one is the micro payment service that. One is the micro payment service that one is the micro payment service that we're known for micropayment for digital. We're known for micropayment for digital we're known for micropayment for digital. Content content content then there's obviously the solar wallet then there's obviously the solar wallet. Then there's obviously the solar wallet open source Stellar wallet open source Stellar wallet. Open source Stellar wallet and then recently there's d transfer and and then recently there's d transfer and. And then recently there's d transfer and all of all of them all of all of them all of all of them. Use a wallet solution that's use a wallet solution that's use a wallet solution that's. Self-custodial and I'm saying self-custodial and I'm saying self-custodial and I'm saying. Self-control here because internally we self-control here because internally we self-control here because internally we. Use that word instead of use that word instead of use that word instead of non-custodial because we think. Non-custodial because we think non-custodial because we think non-custodial is a bit. Non-custodial is a bit non-custodial is a bit misleading because there is a custodian. Misleading because there is a custodian misleading because there is a custodian which is yourself. Which is yourself which is yourself and so we chose to be self-custodial and so we chose to be self-custodial. And so we chose to be self-custodial essentially just to have everything essentially just to have everything. essentially just to have everything be software and all the trust is in be software and all the trust is in. Be software and all the trust is in software software software and not in any external party not even. And not in any external party not even and not in any external party not even us us. Us this helps us to move further or to this helps us to move further or to this helps us to move further or to. Release products to the market much release products to the market much release products to the market much. Quicker quicker quicker and also has removed a huge overhead and also has removed a huge overhead. And also has removed a huge overhead in in in potential regulation or regulatory. Potential regulation or regulatory potential regulation or regulatory regulatory requirements that we have to. Regulatory requirements that we have to regulatory requirements that we have to fulfill. Fulfill fulfill so we can just push out the software and so we can just push out the software and. So we can just push out the software and sort of have people manage their own sort of have people manage their own. Sort of have people manage their own private keys and private keys and private keys and. Therefore being really just a software therefore being really just a software therefore being really just a software. Provider in that sense provider in that sense provider in that sense and that being said so for d transfer. and that being said so for d transfer and that being said so for d transfer. We recently we recently we recently also released a self custodial also released a self custodial. Also released a self custodial resolution on monday actually to resolution on monday actually to. Resolution on monday actually to production production production and here we really give users the. And here we really give users the and here we really give users the full control over the funds. Full control over the funds full control over the funds and also the reason again is a. And also the reason again is a and also the reason again is a regulatory one regulatory one. Regulatory one however in the future we plan to give however in the future we plan to give. However in the future we plan to give users a choice maybe that users a choice maybe that. Users a choice maybe that they can either have a custodial they can either have a custodial. They can either have a custodial solution solution solution by us or by some other external the. By us or by some other external the by us or by some other external the custodial. Custodial custodial party that we partner with or even party that we partner with or even. Party that we partner with or even combine both approaches that's super interesting I mean is that. That's super interesting I mean is that something that something that something that. Would be a relatively easy opt-in would be a relatively easy opt-in would be a relatively easy opt-in. Decision decision decision to kind of automate from a back-end to kind of automate from a back-end. To kind of automate from a back-end perspective or would these need to be perspective or would these need to be. Perspective or would these need to be two totally separate kind of two totally separate kind of. Two totally separate kind of infrastructure solutions so yeah infrastructure solutions so yeah. Infrastructure solutions so yeah so the combination would be very so the combination would be very. So the combination would be very separate or not very but separate or not very but. Separate or not very but a pretty separate legal a pretty separate legal . A pretty separate legal let's say connections that we have with let's say connections that we have with. Let's say connections that we have with our users and also technically our users and also technically. Our users and also technically it would be quite different yeah so it would be quite different yeah so. It would be quite different yeah so that's also where the different caps and that's also where the different caps and. That's also where the different caps and steps come into play each on their side steps come into play each on their side. Steps come into play each on their side so so so it's going to be quite some it's going to be quite some. It's going to be quite some development work and also some some development work and also some some. Development work and also some some let's say legal ground work that we have let's say legal ground work that we have. Let's say legal ground work that we have to lay first to lay first to lay first what is motivating you to consider. What is motivating you to consider what is motivating you to consider adding this second solution. Adding this second solution adding this second solution where you provide custody. mainly user experience mainly user experience because a lot of the customers we have. Because a lot of the customers we have because a lot of the customers we have are not familiar with. Are not familiar with are not familiar with this sort of power that this sort of power that. This sort of power that self has so also the power to lose your self has so also the power to lose your. Self has so also the power to lose your money essentially money essentially money essentially. And that is something we want to and that is something we want to and that is something we want to. Maybe maybe maybe give users the choice if they you know give users the choice if they you know. Give users the choice if they you know want to be in full control want to be in full control. Want to be in full control or if they trust us with a certain or if they trust us with a certain. Or if they trust us with a certain amount of amount of amount of of their money or even all of their. Of their money or even all of their of their money or even all of their money like a more like a bank-like. Money like a more like a bank-like money like a more like a bank-like service. Service service it's also right now we didn't find a it's also right now we didn't find a. It's also right now we didn't find a custody partner yet custody partner yet custody partner yet. And also we're not regulated in that way and also we're not regulated in that way. And also we're not regulated in that way so so so it's we can't actually legally launch. It's we can't actually legally launch it's we can't actually legally launch. A self a self a self or sorry a custodial solution at this or sorry a custodial solution at this. Or sorry a custodial solution at this point but we can launch point but we can launch. Point but we can launch the self custodial and that's why we the self custodial and that's why we. the self custodial and that's why we move forward with that move forward with that. Move forward with that with that we can now handle bigger with that we can now handle bigger. With that we can now handle bigger transactions as well transactions as well . Transactions as well as much as there's digits and there's as much as there's digits and there's. As much as there's digits and there's let's say a Stellar let's say a Stellar let's say a Stellar. Code we can we can add like even very code we can we can add like even very code we can we can add like even very. Large amounts if we want that's great I really want to dive that's great I really want to dive. Into some of those points more into some of those points more into some of those points more. Specifically around you know the specifically around you know the specifically around you know the. Usability side of things usability side of things usability side of things and I'm also kind of curious to hear for. And I'm also kind of curious to hear for and I'm also kind of curious to hear for. The users that you think would want a the users that you think would want a the users that you think would want a. Non-custodial solution kind of what non-custodial solution kind of what non-custodial solution kind of what. Is a driver or motivator there as well is a driver or motivator there as well is a driver or motivator there as well. but maybe let's go ahead and but maybe let's go ahead and but maybe let's go ahead and. Jump to marco to get a little bit more jump to marco to get a little bit more jump to marco to get a little bit more. Of our landscape about of our landscape about of our landscape about where we're all currently or where. Where we're all currently or where where we're all currently or where you're currently sitting. You're currently sitting you're currently sitting yeah thanks well yeah thanks well. Yeah thanks well philosophically I'm personally very philosophically I'm personally very. philosophically I'm personally very aligned with aligned with aligned with the self-custody movement. The self-custody movement the self-custody movement that you know cryptocurrency has started. That you know cryptocurrency has started that you know cryptocurrency has started. And and and I don't see for example in in I don't see for example in in I don't see for example in in. Single asset blockchain such as bitcoin single asset blockchain such as bitcoin single asset blockchain such as bitcoin. The really the need the really the need the really the need of of thinking through like custodial. Of of thinking through like custodial of of thinking through like custodial solutions. Solutions solutions but however I i've i've seen but however I i've i've seen but however I i've i've seen. Stellar since the very beginning Stellar since the very beginning Stellar since the very beginning. Seeing and realizing the market seeing and realizing the market seeing and realizing the market. Opportunity of representing opportunity of representing opportunity of representing. Real-world assets on on on this public real-world assets on on on this public real-world assets on on on this public. Network and network and network and allow exchanges and and transfers and allow exchanges and and transfers and. Allow exchanges and and transfers and that requires a lot of companies like that requires a lot of companies like. That requires a lot of companies like ours ours ours to that are regulated entities. To that are regulated entities to that are regulated entities capable of of holding value for. capable of of holding value for capable of of holding value for on the behalf of their users to. On the behalf of their users to on the behalf of their users to participate participate. Participate and the needs actually that these and the needs actually that these and the needs actually that these. Companies companies companies have is is they're very different have is is they're very different. Have is is they're very different because like they want to leverage because like they want to leverage. Because like they want to leverage the this ability to hold people's funds the this ability to hold people's funds. The this ability to hold people's funds and and be able to to and and be able to to. And and be able to to like improve usability as much as like improve usability as much as. Like improve usability as much as possible possible possible and remove any any friction that can be. And remove any any friction that can be and remove any any friction that can be created by by the self-custody. Created by by the self-custody created by by the self-custody approach which we all know very well. Approach which we all know very well approach which we all know very well and I think. and I think and I think what what we've seen is what what we've seen is. What what we've seen is under development especially you know under development especially you know. Under development especially you know from from from from from the ecosystem of standards. From from the ecosystem of standards from from the ecosystem of standards that can help expand. That can help expand that can help expand those custodial solutions those custodial solutions. those custodial solutions and and and I think that's something and and and I think that's something. and and and I think that's something that that that we should think through more. we should think through more we should think through more and focus because the same way that. And focus because the same way that and focus because the same way that in cryptocurrency has has been like. In cryptocurrency has has been like in cryptocurrency has has been like expanding. Expanding expanding thanks in big part to exchanges which thanks in big part to exchanges which. Thanks in big part to exchanges which are custodial solutions are custodial solutions. Are custodial solutions I think that it at the end of the day it I think that it at the end of the day it. I think that it at the end of the day it will be will be will be extremely beneficial for all if . Extremely beneficial for all if extremely beneficial for all if more custodial solutions are able to. More custodial solutions are able to more custodial solutions are able to to adopt the the kind of the Stellar. To adopt the the kind of the Stellar to adopt the the kind of the Stellar protocol in. Protocol in protocol in in in a way that makes sense for them in in a way that makes sense for them. In in a way that makes sense for them and in that way and in that way and in that way. increase the use of of the whole increase the use of of the whole increase the use of of the whole. Network network network and and benefit including like those and and benefit including like those . And and benefit including like those players that are that are using players that are that are using . Players that are that are using self-custody solutions yeah I mean I think that this is you. Yeah I mean I think that this is you know it's know it's know it's I think there's kind of a philosophical. I think there's kind of a philosophical I think there's kind of a philosophical point of tension here. Point of tension here point of tension here where you know I think many of the where you know I think many of the. Where you know I think many of the people within the Stellar community people within the Stellar community. People within the Stellar community really like the financial sovereignty really like the financial sovereignty. Really like the financial sovereignty that blockchain that blockchain that blockchain. Can provide but there's also can provide but there's also can provide but there's also. Typically a deep desire to create impact typically a deep desire to create impact. Typically a deep desire to create impact to use to use to use a platform like Stellar to. A platform like Stellar to a platform like Stellar to provide more access to financial. Provide more access to financial provide more access to financial products and services for everyone right. Products and services for everyone right products and services for everyone right. And so how do we do that in really and so how do we do that in really and so how do we do that in really. Simple simple simple ways or how do we do that in ways that ways or how do we do that in ways that. Ways or how do we do that in ways that work across user types work across user types. Work across user types outside of just people who outside of just people who . Outside of just people who really understand cryptocurrency so really understand cryptocurrency so . Really understand cryptocurrency so but marco can you help clarify but marco can you help clarify. But marco can you help clarify how does saldo actually work how are how does saldo actually work how are. how does saldo actually work how are you set up right now you set up right now. You set up right now yeah so we we as an anchor support like yeah so we we as an anchor support like. Yeah so we we as an anchor support like both both both like approaches so if someone wants. like approaches so if someone wants like approaches so if someone wants to to. To you know utilize our services through you know utilize our services through. you know utilize our services through a non-custodial solution like lobster a non-custodial solution like lobster. A non-custodial solution like lobster they can go ahead and do it but we're they can go ahead and do it but we're. They can go ahead and do it but we're also also also maintaining a service that it's. Maintaining a service that it's maintaining a service that it's called called. Called smx that it's smx that it's smx that it's our custodial solution that we believe. Our custodial solution that we believe our custodial solution that we believe it's really important for. It's really important for it's really important for for for the business development of of. For for the business development of of for for the business development of of our company. Our company our company so that basically is a very easy way so that basically is a very easy way. So that basically is a very easy way to to use a wallet that to to use a wallet that. To to use a wallet that allows especially mexicans who are allows especially mexicans who are. Allows especially mexicans who are in in the us working hard and sending in in the us working hard and sending. In in the us working hard and sending money over money over money over to hold a little bit of mexican pesos. To hold a little bit of mexican pesos to hold a little bit of mexican pesos. In in in a digital way and and that in in in a digital way and and that in in in a digital way and and that. Replaces the need to go and cross the replaces the need to go and cross the replaces the need to go and cross the. Border and open a bank account which is border and open a bank account which is border and open a bank account which is. Almost impossible for for the majority almost impossible for for the majority almost impossible for for the majority. Of them so like we are of them so like we are of them so like we are really focusing on this community which. Really focusing on this community which really focusing on this community which is not tech savvy. Is not tech savvy is not tech savvy he's not a part of the crypto community he's not a part of the crypto community. He's not a part of the crypto community at all and and and we've been like super at all and and and we've been like super. At all and and and we've been like super motivated motivated motivated from from what we've seen and and and. from from what we've seen and and and from from what we've seen and and and. And this is a community that actually and this is a community that actually and this is a community that actually. Could not care less about like the self could not care less about like the self could not care less about like the self. Sovereign aspect of crypto but they sovereign aspect of crypto but they sovereign aspect of crypto but they. Just want like the task to be done just want like the task to be done just want like the task to be done. And so they we've been like developing and so they we've been like developing and so they we've been like developing. These with these people in mind and and these with these people in mind and and these with these people in mind and and. That's for our company a big focus that's for our company a big focus that's for our company a big focus. Right now right now right now and and and and we also want to make it and and and and we also want to make it. And and and and we also want to make it compatible with with compatible with with. compatible with with any other Stellar-based solution but any other Stellar-based solution but. Any other Stellar-based solution but in our in in in our approach this is in our in in in our approach this is. In our in in in our approach this is a fully custodial way of doing the a fully custodial way of doing the. A fully custodial way of doing the of using our anchor of using our anchor of using our anchor. Gotcha and it sounds like you already gotcha and it sounds like you already gotcha and it sounds like you already. Have some thoughts on have some thoughts on have some thoughts on where there could be more support within. Where there could be more support within where there could be more support within. The Stellar ecosystem the Stellar ecosystem the Stellar ecosystem for being able to kind of launch these. For being able to kind of launch these for being able to kind of launch these types of products. Types of products types of products yeah I think that you know they're yeah I think that you know they're. Yeah I think that you know they're already there a lot of already there a lot of . Already there a lot of interesting discussions like the like interesting discussions like the like. Interesting discussions like the like the moxed like multiplexed accounts the moxed like multiplexed accounts. The moxed like multiplexed accounts that you mentioned that you mentioned that you mentioned. But probably we yeah we and I'm sure but probably we yeah we and I'm sure but probably we yeah we and I'm sure. We will talk we will talk we will talk more about this later on but more about this later on but. More about this later on but I think that it's it's in general I think that it's it's in general. I think that it's it's in general very interesting just to kind of like very interesting just to kind of like. Very interesting just to kind of like see what the users are doing and and see what the users are doing and and. see what the users are doing and and and and and and just like see that basically. And just like see that basically and just like see that basically the entire world it's it's it's gonna. The entire world it's it's it's gonna the entire world it's it's it's gonna take a long time. Take a long time take a long time for for for the majority of people to for for for the majority of people to. For for for the majority of people to adopt adopt adopt like the self-custody tools out there. Like the self-custody tools out there like the self-custody tools out there and I think that we should. And I think that we should and I think that we should like be kind of like aware that. Like be kind of like aware that like be kind of like aware that there's a path towards that kind of like. There's a path towards that kind of like there's a path towards that kind of like. Decentralization and in the meantime decentralization and in the meantime decentralization and in the meantime. It's really important it's really important it's really important to serve the people that. To serve the people that to serve the people that they want to be served in a in a. they want to be served in a in a they want to be served in a in a specific way and and. Specific way and and specific way and and for us like we are at a stage in which for us like we are at a stage in which. For us like we are at a stage in which is really important to is really important to. Is really important to to provide a custodial and easy to use to provide a custodial and easy to use. To provide a custodial and easy to use solutions like like this great yeah and solutions like like this great yeah and. Solutions like like this great yeah and I think we definitely will I think we definitely will. I think we definitely will dive into some of these various dive into some of these various. Dive into some of these various things like multiplexed accounts more so things like multiplexed accounts more so. Things like multiplexed accounts more so great thank you so much marco and great thank you so much marco and. Great thank you so much marco and christian I know you guys have had an christian I know you guys have had an. christian I know you guys have had an interesting journey with these talks interesting journey with these talks. Interesting journey with these talks so we'd love to hear about so we'd love to hear about. So we'd love to hear about what you guys are using how you set what you guys are using how you set. what you guys are using how you set things up and how you're thinking about things up and how you're thinking about. Things up and how you're thinking about the future the future the future yeah I already have a lot of points i. Yeah I already have a lot of points I yeah I already have a lot of points I want to touch on so . Want to touch on so want to touch on so yeah maybe I can start with there are. Yeah maybe I can start with there are yeah maybe I can start with there are. Actually two different ways actually two different ways actually two different ways. How you or multiple ways actually how how you or multiple ways actually how how you or multiple ways actually how. You can use these stock technologies so you can use these stock technologies so you can use these stock technologies so. First of all there's an api layer which first of all there's an api layer which first of all there's an api layer which. Basically everyone can use it uses basically everyone can use it uses basically everyone can use it uses. Stellar standards and people can build Stellar standards and people can build Stellar standards and people can build. Products on top of it products on top of it products on top of it and for that one we actually don't have. And for that one we actually don't have and for that one we actually don't have any opinion on what the user. Any opinion on what the user any opinion on what the user how the user protects his key his or her. How the user protects his key his or her how the user protects his key his or her. Keys so keys so keys so we just basically verify the user and we just basically verify the user and. We just basically verify the user and where he's coming from if it's not like where he's coming from if it's not like. Where he's coming from if it's not like a terrorist something like that and then a terrorist something like that and then. A terrorist something like that and then they can use their account to trade our they can use their account to trade our. They can use their account to trade our assets but assets but assets but . We as well that's our actually main we as well that's our actually main we as well that's our actually main. Product do we have a mobile app product do we have a mobile app product do we have a mobile app. And because countries we serve emerging and because countries we serve emerging and because countries we serve emerging. Markets markets markets there's a mobile first approach and this there's a mobile first approach and this. There's a mobile first approach and this app is actually not targeting crypto app is actually not targeting crypto. App is actually not targeting crypto users users users so if you want to use if you're a. So if you want to use if you're a so if you want to use if you're a Stellar heavy user and you want to use. Stellar heavy user and you want to use Stellar heavy user and you want to use these stock assets you can use for. These stock assets you can use for these stock assets you can use for example lobster wallet or something like. Example lobster wallet or something like example lobster wallet or something like. That but that but that but for already non-crypto users who are new for already non-crypto users who are new. For already non-crypto users who are new to investing to investing to investing and haven't had touch points at all. And haven't had touch points at all and haven't had touch points at all with crypto in the past. With crypto in the past with crypto in the past it's actually quite quite of a hard. It's actually quite quite of a hard it's actually quite quite of a hard concept to grasp to create a private key. Concept to grasp to create a private key concept to grasp to create a private key. So like currently in our onboarding so like currently in our onboarding so like currently in our onboarding. Process which is self custodial process which is self custodial process which is self custodial. I'm going to start to use this word as I'm going to start to use this word as I'm going to start to use this word as. Well it's an xd minor well it's an xd minor well it's an xd minor the people actually in the onboarding. the people actually in the onboarding the people actually in the onboarding. Process have to create a private key and process have to create a private key and. Process have to create a private key and we see actually some some kind of a we see actually some some kind of a. We see actually some some kind of a drop-off rate right on that so it's like drop-off rate right on that so it's like. Drop-off rate right on that so it's like people have a hard time doing that so . People have a hard time doing that so people have a hard time doing that so . I understand that they're a bit scared I understand that they're a bit scared I understand that they're a bit scared. Maybe they don't understand it and maybe they don't understand it and maybe they don't understand it and. Things like that so that that's a things like that so that that's a things like that so that that's a. Problem actually to us and I think to to problem actually to us and I think to to. Problem actually to us and I think to to everyone who wants to build end user everyone who wants to build end user. Everyone who wants to build end user product that's not just product that's not just. Product that's not just targeting early adopted adopters targeting early adopted adopters. targeting early adopted adopters and the tricky part on this one is and the tricky part on this one is. And the tricky part on this one is like like like in the very heart of d stock is that d. In the very heart of d stock is that d in the very heart of d stock is that d stock itself does not hold customer. Stock itself does not hold customer stock itself does not hold customer customers funds so that's that's the. Customers funds so that's that's the customers funds so that's that's the basic idea how how we can actually pull. Basic idea how how we can actually pull basic idea how how we can actually pull off the entire business. Off the entire business off the entire business and that's true for for most of of. And that's true for for most of of and that's true for for most of of crypto companies I guess. Crypto companies I guess crypto companies I guess that they don't hold customers funds and. That they don't hold customers funds and that they don't hold customers funds and. Are therefore eligible to cut off a are therefore eligible to cut off a are therefore eligible to cut off a. Lot of middlemen that are normally lot of middlemen that are normally lot of middlemen that are normally. Required in financial required in financial required in financial transactions and yeah so. Transactions and yeah so transactions and yeah so basically if we want to want to go away. Basically if we want to want to go away basically if we want to want to go away from that and we're actually planning to. From that and we're actually planning to from that and we're actually planning to. Do that so we need to do that so we need to do that so we need to we want to find a solution that makes it. We want to find a solution that makes it we want to find a solution that makes it. Easier for undo this easier for undo this easier for undo this we have to go to some way that's not. We have to go to some way that's not we have to go to some way that's not only self-custodial and I'm not saying. Only self-custodial and I'm not saying only self-custodial and I'm not saying well let me phrase it differently the. well let me phrase it differently the well let me phrase it differently the. First thing that we need to define or first thing that we need to define or first thing that we need to define or. That we have to talk about is that we have to talk about is that we have to talk about is. What actually does custodian what what what actually does custodian what what what actually does custodian what what. Does the custodial solution mean in this does the custodial solution mean in this. Does the custodial solution mean in this case and this definition isn't case and this definition isn't. Case and this definition isn't actually actually actually as clear as I would as one would guess. As clear as I would as one would guess as clear as I would as one would guess so we're always talking about okay. So we're always talking about okay so we're always talking about okay they're self. They're self they're self solving their self-custodial solutions solving their self-custodial solutions. Solving their self-custodial solutions and custodial solutions and custodial solutions. And custodial solutions but the definition of custodial is quite but the definition of custodial is quite. But the definition of custodial is quite a bit more complex i've read it to the a bit more complex i've read it to the. A bit more complex i've read it to the bit for example the barfin which is a bit for example the barfin which is a. Bit for example the barfin which is a german equivalent roughly the german german equivalent roughly the german. German equivalent roughly the german equivalent equivalent equivalent to the icc in america defines custody as. To the icc in america defines custody as to the icc in america defines custody as. Someone who's holding someone who's holding someone who's holding a funds off on behalf of other people. A funds off on behalf of other people a funds off on behalf of other people is able to transfer them make payments. Is able to transfer them make payments is able to transfer them make payments with that and all this kind of stuff. With that and all this kind of stuff with that and all this kind of stuff and all holds a private key that's . And all holds a private key that's and all holds a private key that's eligible to do that. Eligible to do that eligible to do that and for example in step 30 that's where and for example in step 30 that's where. And for example in step 30 that's where you say okay we're splitting off weights you say okay we're splitting off weights. You say okay we're splitting off weights between third parties between third parties. Between third parties that need to jointly recover a key that need to jointly recover a key. That need to jointly recover a key for user for user for user that's not really that definition so. That's not really that definition so that's not really that definition so it's not really clear that's. It's not really clear that's it's not really clear that's actually a custodial solution that would. Actually a custodial solution that would actually a custodial solution that would. Require regulations require regulations require regulations so like by the very definition of. So like by the very definition of so like by the very definition of financial regulators it may not be but. Financial regulators it may not be but financial regulators it may not be but it's actually not that clear because. It's actually not that clear because it's actually not that clear because it's just basically new land so nobody. It's just basically new land so nobody it's just basically new land so nobody has actually challenged that. Has actually challenged that has actually challenged that maybe the regulators weren't even aware. Maybe the regulators weren't even aware maybe the regulators weren't even aware that their weighted keys things like. That their weighted keys things like that their weighted keys things like that says. That says that says the entire entire field is it's not as the entire entire field is it's not as. The entire entire field is it's not as easy easy easy as it gets so for us it's like very. As it gets so for us it's like very as it gets so for us it's like very crucial to find a solution where we. Crucial to find a solution where we crucial to find a solution where we say okay people will be able to. Say okay people will be able to say okay people will be able to recover the key but. Recover the key but recover the key but I wouldn't call that a custodian I wouldn't call that a custodian. I wouldn't call that a custodian custodial solution because the people custodial solution because the people. Custodial solution because the people does does does do not hold the funds of the user in. Do not hold the funds of the user in do not hold the funds of the user in custody they're not able to. Custody they're not able to custody they're not able to to transfer them doing stuff with. to transfer them doing stuff with to transfer them doing stuff with that. That that and more importantly they are not able and more importantly they are not able. And more importantly they are not able to to to yeah then they don't have to do. yeah then they don't have to do yeah then they don't have to do insurance and things like that for it so. Insurance and things like that for it so insurance and things like that for it so. Yeah that's that's the basic thing i'll yeah that's that's the basic thing i'll yeah that's that's the basic thing i'll. Sing around it so customian solutions sing around it so customian solutions sing around it so customian solutions. Are non-custodials who should be it's not the only thing in the should be it's not the only thing in the. Real midst as well just mainly for us real midst as well just mainly for us real midst as well just mainly for us. About key recovery that we want to try about key recovery that we want to try about key recovery that we want to try. To solve that's great I mean I guess I'm curious that's great I mean I guess I'm curious. Do you mine heart or marco have do you mine heart or marco have do you mine heart or marco have. Kind of like a similar opinion or kind of like a similar opinion or kind of like a similar opinion or. Reaction reaction reaction extremely relevant and interesting extremely relevant and interesting. Extremely relevant and interesting because because because for example I think that for. For example I think that for for example I think that for you know for a lot of regulators the. You know for a lot of regulators the you know for a lot of regulators the fact that. Fact that fact that a user of of a user of of a user of of a regulated entity actually goes and. A regulated entity actually goes and a regulated entity actually goes and does something and and loses the private. Does something and and loses the private does something and and loses the private. Key key key is not sufficient like for the regulator is not sufficient like for the regulator. Is not sufficient like for the regulator to to just be fined to to just be fined to to just be fined. The the legal obligation you know that the the legal obligation you know that the the legal obligation you know that. That the company that the company that the company has still is is is a valid payment. Has still is is is a valid payment has still is is is a valid payment obligation obligation. Obligation that the company needs to honor so I that the company needs to honor so i. That the company needs to honor so I think it's it's not think it's it's not think it's it's not. Sufficient just to you know like it's sufficient just to you know like it's. Sufficient just to you know like it's it's it's like the key management will it's it's like the key management will. It's it's like the key management will not not not remove or will not make go away that. remove or will not make go away that remove or will not make go away that . legal kind of like obligation that legal kind of like obligation that. Legal kind of like obligation that some custodial companies have and and some custodial companies have and and. some custodial companies have and and that it's that it's that it's it's it's something that it's very like. It's it's something that it's very like it's it's something that it's very like valid. Valid valid across like all the kind of like real across like all the kind of like real. Across like all the kind of like real world assets world assets world assets including currencies and I think . Including currencies and I think including currencies and I think you know like. You know like you know like at that point like you realize that at that point like you realize that. At that point like you realize that somehow somehow somehow for example if if a user of of our. For example if if a user of of our for example if if a user of of our anchor loses. Anchor loses anchor loses like the private key and you still see like the private key and you still see. Like the private key and you still see the funds you at least the funds you at least. The funds you at least need to show that you have a process to need to show that you have a process to. Need to show that you have a process to be be be able to to in a way cancel those funds. Able to to in a way cancel those funds able to to in a way cancel those funds or or or do something with with that. Or or or do something with with that or or or do something with with that account. Account account and then like credit back those and then like credit back those. And then like credit back those tokens to the new or or like re-key tokens to the new or or like re-key. Tokens to the new or or like re-key kind of like you know like doing kind of like you know like doing. Kind of like you know like doing those things those things those things it's it helps companies like ours to. It's it helps companies like ours to it's it helps companies like ours to comply with with local regulations that. Comply with with local regulations that comply with with local regulations that are not aware. Are not aware are not aware of like what what private keys can do of like what what private keys can do. Of like what what private keys can do and I think it's like super interesting and I think it's like super interesting. And I think it's like super interesting and makes companies like ours realize and makes companies like ours realize. And makes companies like ours realize that it's it's a very complex that it's it's a very complex . That it's it's a very complex topic that that is an interesting point you that that is an interesting point you. Make make make oh you go first planet okay then oh you go first planet okay then oh you go first planet okay then. That's interesting okay sorry for that that's an okay sorry for that that's an. Interesting point to raise I mean when interesting point to raise I mean when interesting point to raise I mean when. You when you when you're anchoring an you when you when you're anchoring an you when you when you're anchoring an. Asset asset asset you always have the option to freeze it you always have the option to freeze it. You always have the option to freeze it and okay it's still and okay it's still and okay it's still. still on chain and it's a bit harder still on chain and it's a bit harder still on chain and it's a bit harder. To keep track of it but it's still in an to keep track of it but it's still in an. To keep track of it but it's still in an automated way you can automated way you can. Automated way you can can prove that this assets are frozen can prove that this assets are frozen. Can prove that this assets are frozen when you when you for example kind of when you when you for example kind of. When you when you for example kind of take away trust lines take away trust lines. Take away trust lines and then you can issue the token and then you can issue the token. And then you can issue the token the assets new and that's that's it's the assets new and that's that's it's. The assets new and that's that's it's somewhat of a cumbersome way somewhat of a cumbersome way. Somewhat of a cumbersome way it may be easier in the future because it may be easier in the future because. It may be easier in the future because there are some proposed changes to there are some proposed changes to. There are some proposed changes to Stellar to Stellar to Stellar to to reclaim assets but this is some way. To reclaim assets but this is some way to reclaim assets but this is some way for us for example to. For us for example to for us for example to to recover recover funds at the moment. To recover recover funds at the moment to recover recover funds at the moment even if the people lose their. Even if the people lose their even if the people lose their their key in their self-custodial. Their key in their self-custodial their key in their self-custodial solution the problem. Solution the problem solution the problem is actually not from that so we can is actually not from that so we can. Is actually not from that so we can always do that the problem is merely always do that the problem is merely. Always do that the problem is merely if the user just for example deposits a if the user just for example deposits a. If the user just for example deposits a million in excel million in excel million in excel. And then loses this key or her key or and then loses this key or her key or and then loses this key or her key or. The same for for stablecoin so may not the same for for stablecoin so may not the same for for stablecoin so may not. Be able be able be able up to this process so but the the up to this process so but the the. Up to this process so but the the interesting idea of just reading the interesting idea of just reading the. Interesting idea of just reading the assets and assets and assets and reissuing them to new accounts is always. Reissuing them to new accounts is always reissuing them to new accounts is always. An option as well that's an option as well that's an option as well that's so you don't have to so that you just. So you don't have to so that you just so you don't have to so that you just give up the old account when you lose. Give up the old account when you lose give up the old account when you lose the key. The key the key just just on that briefly just just on that briefly just just on that briefly . Obviously obviously obviously you need to flag the asset as being you need to flag the asset as being. You need to flag the asset as being revocable revocable revocable and yeah there's acid types where you. And yeah there's acid types where you and yeah there's acid types where you. Work work work there's configurations where you don't there's configurations where you don't. There's configurations where you don't have that so if you forgot to do that or have that so if you forgot to do that or. Have that so if you forgot to do that or if you didn't plan for that then if you didn't plan for that then. If you didn't plan for that then obviously that's not possible either obviously that's not possible either. Obviously that's not possible either so what we've done in our micro payments so what we've done in our micro payments. So what we've done in our micro payments product actually product actually product actually . We used a little bit of a trick there so we used a little bit of a trick there so. We used a little bit of a trick there so we are co-signing all the transactions we are co-signing all the transactions. We are co-signing all the transactions that are being done that are being done that are being done. From for the micropens wallets and from for the micropens wallets and from for the micropens wallets and. we also have a time locked we also have a time locked we also have a time locked. Transaction that we issue with each transaction that we issue with each transaction that we issue with each. Payment payment payment meaning that after a certain meaning that after a certain. meaning that after a certain period of time period of time period of time the funds will return back to us if no. The funds will return back to us if no the funds will return back to us if no other. Other other transactions have been made meaning that transactions have been made meaning that. Transactions have been made meaning that if the user loses a key if the user loses a key. If the user loses a key and they flag us they tell us that they and they flag us they tell us that they. And they flag us they tell us that they did so we will simply not co-sign any did so we will simply not co-sign any. Did so we will simply not co-sign any transactions transactions transactions from that key anymore and then. From that key anymore and then from that key anymore and then after half a year I think it's currently. After half a year I think it's currently after half a year I think it's currently. The time that we have programmed the time that we have programmed the time that we have programmed. We can then recover these funds that we can then recover these funds that we can then recover these funds that. Means we can issue even lumens means we can issue even lumens means we can issue even lumens. to the users from we kind of to the users from we kind of to the users from we kind of. Give out a bit of our liquidity give out a bit of our liquidity give out a bit of our liquidity. Beforehand but in that way we can beforehand but in that way we can beforehand but in that way we can. Also sort of have a account recovery for also sort of have a account recovery for. Also sort of have a account recovery for accounts that accounts that accounts that. Actually are lost but the funds will actually are lost but the funds will actually are lost but the funds will. Come back to us come back to us come back to us later after half a year sort of a. Later after half a year sort of a later after half a year sort of a sort of a workaround for that issue. But isn't co-signing the definition of but isn't co-signing the definition of it not being as. It not being as it not being as purely self-custodial depends on the type of weight a key has. Depends on the type of weight a key has so if you have you know like a minority so if you have you know like a minority. So if you have you know like a minority weight and then so I don't know how the weight and then so I don't know how the. Weight and then so I don't know how the regulator regulator sees regulator regulator sees. Regulator regulator sees different types of water signatures different types of water signatures. different types of water signatures because that's also depending on the because that's also depending on the. Because that's also depending on the chain obviously chain obviously chain obviously. I well it's I well it's I well it's a hybrid I would say a hybrid I would say. A hybrid I would say yeah and I think you know just to kind yeah and I think you know just to kind. Yeah and I think you know just to kind of respond here of respond here of respond here. so one I wanted to flag so one I wanted to flag so one I wanted to flag christian had mentioned. christian had mentioned christian had mentioned a cap on Stellar which I wanted to name. A cap on Stellar which I wanted to name a cap on Stellar which I wanted to name just if anybody's. Just if anybody's just if anybody's watching yeah cap 35 which is the watching yeah cap 35 which is the. watching yeah cap 35 which is the asset clawback asset clawback asset clawback. cap which is a new proposal so cap which is a new proposal so cap which is a new proposal so . If anyone's interested if anyone's interested if anyone's interested in exploring that further but you. In exploring that further but you in exploring that further but you know this is really. Know this is really know this is really interesting because it still feels like interesting because it still feels like. Interesting because it still feels like we're dancing around we're dancing around. We're dancing around these areas of these areas of these areas of kind of how can you stay lean and . Kind of how can you stay lean and kind of how can you stay lean and you know I would say kind of. You know I would say kind of you know I would say kind of do things that allow you as an. Do things that allow you as an do things that allow you as an organization organization. Organization to kind of have to kind of have to kind of have a leaner regulatory framework as. A leaner regulatory framework as a leaner regulatory framework as authentic authentic. Authentic along with things that are more tied along with things that are more tied. along with things that are more tied to to to kind of like usability and how do we. Kind of like usability and how do we kind of like usability and how do we make make. Make experiences for consumers to experiences for consumers to experiences for consumers to. That can keep their information safe that can keep their information safe that can keep their information safe. But still provide kind of like but still provide kind of like but still provide kind of like. Non-confusing non-confusing non-confusing not overburdened some experiences on the. Not overburdened some experiences on the not overburdened some experiences on the. Product product product I mean do you guys see any other major I mean do you guys see any other major. I mean do you guys see any other major areas that are kind of areas that are kind of. Areas that are kind of i'll say kind of like dancing around i'll say kind of like dancing around. i'll say kind of like dancing around the surface here because I know we're the surface here because I know we're. The surface here because I know we're kind of talking back and forth about kind of talking back and forth about. Kind of talking back and forth about various designs but it feels like various designs but it feels like. Various designs but it feels like there's kind of like larger there's kind of like larger. There's kind of like larger larger themes or larger questions so larger themes or larger questions so. Larger themes or larger questions so maybe I can start because I mean maybe I can start because I mean. Maybe I can start because I mean we we we we we've been like also thinking. We we've been like also thinking we we've been like also thinking about this the problem is that. About this the problem is that about this the problem is that if honestly it is true that it. If honestly it is true that it if honestly it is true that it removes liability the fact that you can. Removes liability the fact that you can removes liability the fact that you can actually delegate the key management to. Actually delegate the key management to actually delegate the key management to your users. Your users your users and that like fundamentally will remove and that like fundamentally will remove. And that like fundamentally will remove like regular regulatory like load like regular regulatory like load. Like regular regulatory like load the problem is that if you see what the problem is that if you see what. The problem is that if you see what happens in happens in happens in in fintech is that okay regulation. In fintech is that okay regulation in fintech is that okay regulation is more expensive than software sure but. Is more expensive than software sure but is more expensive than software sure but. Is it at the top of the list is it at the top of the list is it at the top of the list. I don't think so it's like you have I don't think so it's like you have I don't think so it's like you have. Software which is cheap software which is cheap software which is cheap and then you have regulation which is. And then you have regulation which is and then you have regulation which is way more expensive and then you have. Way more expensive and then you have way more expensive and then you have distribution so if you see like what's. Distribution so if you see like what's distribution so if you see like what's the big expenses that. The big expenses that the big expenses that the companies have it's most like the companies have it's most like. The companies have it's most like distribution distribution distribution a customer acquisition cost. A customer acquisition cost a customer acquisition cost is what sometimes kills like the unit. Is what sometimes kills like the unit is what sometimes kills like the unit. Economics economics economics so it's not regulation at all even if so it's not regulation at all even if. So it's not regulation at all even if it's like super expensive it's like super expensive. It's like super expensive so I think that a lot of companies so I think that a lot of companies. so I think that a lot of companies realize that realize that realize that okay yeah there's some efficiencies to. Okay yeah there's some efficiencies to okay yeah there's some efficiencies to be made in. Be made in be made in in that you know liability that goes in that you know liability that goes. In that you know liability that goes away away away but it's not the entire story so you. but it's not the entire story so you but it's not the entire story so you still will. Still will still will need to go and find the users and that's need to go and find the users and that's. Need to go and find the users and that's like extremely expensive like extremely expensive. Like extremely expensive and then sometimes it's even more and then sometimes it's even more. And then sometimes it's even more expensive expensive expensive if you need to make them learn. If you need to make them learn if you need to make them learn what like a 12 like. What like a 12 like what like a 12 like 12 word password means or what 12 word password means or what. 12 word password means or what like a mechanism to like a mechanism to like a mechanism to. Like that it's not intuitive is to like that it's not intuitive is to like that it's not intuitive is to. Recover recover recover like the secret key for your funds so like the secret key for your funds so. Like the secret key for your funds so that those things that those things that those things. Will add costs to that very like will add costs to that very like will add costs to that very like. Heavy heavy cost of of customer heavy heavy cost of of customer heavy heavy cost of of customer. Acquisition acquisition acquisition or will reduce that the universe of or will reduce that the universe of. Or will reduce that the universe of people that you can target people that you can target. People that you can target and I think that's something that and I think that's something that . And I think that's something that from the business from the business from the business. Perspective it's it's not perspective it's it's not perspective it's it's not. Very positive so so I have a question which is so so I have a question which is basically if you had. Basically if you had basically if you had something I mean and this sort of something I mean and this sort of. Something I mean and this sort of relates specifically to step 30 which I relates specifically to step 30 which i. Relates specifically to step 30 which I think is a very clever think is a very clever. Think is a very clever way to give users access to their way to give users access to their. Way to give users access to their account without ever having them to account without ever having them to. Account without ever having them to touch a touch a touch a password or know a secret key or use a. Password or know a secret key or use a password or know a secret key or use a backup recovery phase they can basically. Backup recovery phase they can basically backup recovery phase they can basically. Log into a Stellar account using just log into a Stellar account using just log into a Stellar account using just. Their phone number or their email their phone number or their email their phone number or their email. Address some proof of identity address some proof of identity address some proof of identity. Right so with a with a solution like right so with a with a solution like right so with a with a solution like. That that that you know well I guess there's two you know well I guess there's two. You know well I guess there's two questions one questions one questions one does a solution like that solve the user. Does a solution like that solve the user does a solution like that solve the user. Experience and allow you to create a experience and allow you to create a experience and allow you to create a. Non-custodial sort of interface or non-custodial sort of interface or non-custodial sort of interface or. Solution that doesn't feel that sort of solution that doesn't feel that sort of solution that doesn't feel that sort of. Obfuscates the crypto nature of an app obfuscates the crypto nature of an app obfuscates the crypto nature of an app. From a user from a user from a user like basically can using something like like basically can using something like. Like basically can using something like sub30 make it so that sub30 make it so that. Sub30 make it so that a user experience for non-custodial a user experience for non-custodial. A user experience for non-custodial wallet is just like a custodial wallet wallet is just like a custodial wallet. Wallet is just like a custodial wallet one and two if it does one and two if it does. One and two if it does does it solve the biggest problems or does it solve the biggest problems or. Does it solve the biggest problems or does it does it does it only solve some of the problems and. Only solve some of the problems and only solve some of the problems and there are still a lot of problems left. There are still a lot of problems left there are still a lot of problems left over that would still make you. Over that would still make you over that would still make you choose to use a custodial solution . Choose to use a custodial solution choose to use a custodial solution I mean maybe I can I can just. I mean maybe I can I can just I mean maybe I can I can just quickly say that I think it's the final. Quickly say that I think it's the final quickly say that I think it's the final user who will judge those things. User who will judge those things user who will judge those things because at the end of the day for me. Because at the end of the day for me because at the end of the day for me it's very intuitive to use a memo id. It's very intuitive to use a memo id it's very intuitive to use a memo id just to identify a final user that that. Just to identify a final user that that just to identify a final user that that actually hasn't been the case for the. Actually hasn't been the case for the actually hasn't been the case for the majority of users of exchanges. Majority of users of exchanges majority of users of exchanges so in a way like something that feels. So in a way like something that feels so in a way like something that feels very intuitive . Very intuitive very intuitive in from the kind of the sign point of in from the kind of the sign point of. In from the kind of the sign point of view view view and this is this is true across many. And this is this is true across many and this is this is true across many different steps that for me makes a lot. Different steps that for me makes a lot different steps that for me makes a lot of sense. Of sense of sense but once that they're implemented but once that they're implemented. But once that they're implemented like things become trickier like things become trickier. Like things become trickier and I think that's the only thing that I and I think that's the only thing that i. And I think that's the only thing that I that I could say probably christian can that I could say probably christian can. That I could say probably christian can say much more say much more say much more . Yeah well I think well first of all I yeah well I think well first of all I yeah well I think well first of all i. Like the basic idea of like the basic idea of like the basic idea of study and it's definitely a valid one. Study and it's definitely a valid one study and it's definitely a valid one. We we do have some problems with it we we do have some problems with it we we do have some problems with it. By when we want to to implement it that by when we want to to implement it that by when we want to to implement it that. It's one thing that that's very common it's one thing that that's very common it's one thing that that's very common. Among when we implement step among when we implement step among when we implement step. ecosystem proposals for those who ecosystem proposals for those who ecosystem proposals for those who. Don't know our standards in the stutter don't know our standards in the stutter don't know our standards in the stutter. System that anchors or people building system that anchors or people building system that anchors or people building. On it can implement and then everyone on it can implement and then everyone on it can implement and then everyone. Can use it and it's interoperable can use it and it's interoperable can use it and it's interoperable. Between different clients and that is between different clients and that is between different clients and that is. that is a good thing if you're a that is a good thing if you're a that is a good thing if you're a. Client for example there is step six client for example there is step six client for example there is step six. And set 24 for and set 24 for and set 24 for deposits and withdrawals from anchors. Deposits and withdrawals from anchors deposits and withdrawals from anchors and it's super nice so basically I am as. And it's super nice so basically I am as and it's super nice so basically I am as. A developer I can go ahead and a developer I can go ahead and a developer I can go ahead and. Integrate 10 of them in a day and that's integrate 10 of them in a day and that's. Integrate 10 of them in a day and that's super nice for me as super nice for me as. Super nice for me as a client developer but to be honest it's a client developer but to be honest it's. A client developer but to be honest it's not something I care about as a not something I care about as a. Not something I care about as a developer developer developer what I care about is optimization of the. What I care about is optimization of the what I care about is optimization of the. User flow so for example deposits user flow so for example deposits user flow so for example deposits. Is the most crucial thing in our flow is the most crucial thing in our flow is the most crucial thing in our flow. Ever ever ever and if I can increase conversion there and if I can increase conversion there. And if I can increase conversion there by one percent or by five percent or by by one percent or by five percent or by. By one percent or by five percent or by ten percent ten percent ten percent then I would do that so it's not it's. Then I would do that so it's not it's then I would do that so it's not it's I'm not fundamentally not interested in. I'm not fundamentally not interested in I'm not fundamentally not interested in getting this thing done. Getting this thing done getting this thing done fast I want to get it done right and. Fast I want to get it done right and fast I want to get it done right and currently I can't do a b. Currently I can't do a b currently I can't do a b testing I can't do client-side testing I can't do client-side. Testing I can't do client-side validations with steps and withdrawals validations with steps and withdrawals. Validations with steps and withdrawals for example just for example just for example just. Just as an example for for seventy grade just as an example for for seventy grade. Just as an example for for seventy grade so this sep integration so this sep integration. So this sep integration as a whole focus on clients getting the as a whole focus on clients getting the. As a whole focus on clients getting the job done job done job done and that's not what we want to do and. And that's not what we want to do and and that's not what we want to do and tab 30 is kind of the same thing it has. Tab 30 is kind of the same thing it has tab 30 is kind of the same thing it has it it automates the entire flow for our. It it automates the entire flow for our it it automates the entire flow for our clients that we can just. Clients that we can just clients that we can just do it and then integrate a little . Do it and then integrate a little do it and then integrate a little integrate a lot with a lot of other. Integrate a lot with a lot of other integrate a lot with a lot of other clients who integrate. Clients who integrate clients who integrate 30 but it's it's not coming from from. 30 but it's it's not coming from from 30 but it's it's not coming from from the perspective of the client so for. The perspective of the client so for the perspective of the client so for example i'll give you an. Example i'll give you an example i'll give you an example quite lately quite recently. Example quite lately quite recently example quite lately quite recently i've lost my. I've lost my i've lost my two-factor authentication and I think two-factor authentication and I think. Two-factor authentication and I think was coinbase was coinbase was coinbase and it wasn't an automated process I had. And it wasn't an automated process I had and it wasn't an automated process I had. To censor my passport there was a person to censor my passport there was a person. To censor my passport there was a person talking to me and that's that's fine talking to me and that's that's fine. Talking to me and that's that's fine it's something I would expect as a user it's something I would expect as a user. It's something I would expect as a user and it encouraged me that this those and it encouraged me that this those. And it encouraged me that this those people do their business right people do their business right. People do their business right whereas on step 30 if the ease of the whereas on step 30 if the ease of the. Whereas on step 30 if the ease of the flow is like okay flow is like okay flow is like okay. My email my SMS is something I wouldn't my email my SMS is something I wouldn't my email my SMS is something I wouldn't. Fundamentally like as a user fundamentally like as a user fundamentally like as a user. To be connected with me that I'm just to be connected with me that I'm just to be connected with me that I'm just. Pushing a tech away from losing my pushing a tech away from losing my pushing a tech away from losing my. Entire life saving savings when entire life saving savings when entire life saving savings when. Someone captures my email someone captures my email someone captures my email and my wife quite recently changed her. And my wife quite recently changed her and my wife quite recently changed her phone number she doesn't even have. Phone number she doesn't even have phone number she doesn't even have access to a whole number anymore so it's. Access to a whole number anymore so it's access to a whole number anymore so it's. Like like like it's it's kind of a weak thing for us it's it's kind of a weak thing for us. It's it's kind of a weak thing for us and it focuses a lot of and it focuses a lot of. And it focuses a lot of it's being automated people don't have it's being automated people don't have. It's being automated people don't have to hassle with it it's fully integrated to hassle with it it's fully integrated. To hassle with it it's fully integrated it's decentralized it's decentralized it's decentralized. And that's fundamentally not anything and that's fundamentally not anything and that's fundamentally not anything. Our users care about the basic care you our users care about the basic care you our users care about the basic care you. Just want to log into the app just want to log into the app just want to log into the app. Have an account and never care about it have an account and never care about it have an account and never care about it. And and and for us it would be totally fine if there for us it would be totally fine if there. For us it would be totally fine if there would be just a person would be just a person. Would be just a person having an hd wallet in the physical having an hd wallet in the physical. having an hd wallet in the physical world and it costs like world and it costs like. World and it costs like thirty dollars or ten dollars or twenty thirty dollars or ten dollars or twenty. Thirty dollars or ten dollars or twenty dollars for key recovery because dollars for key recovery because. Dollars for key recovery because if it's below it doesn't make sense if it's below it doesn't make sense. if it's below it doesn't make sense anyways if it's above anyways if it's above. Anyways if it's above fine or we could scale it but fine or we could scale it but . Fine or we could scale it but having an approach that's just having an approach that's just. Having an approach that's just focusing on the client side wouldn't cut focusing on the client side wouldn't cut. Focusing on the client side wouldn't cut it for our users so we would we would it for our users so we would we would. It for our users so we would we would have to have have to have have to have have a process that's that's more. Have a process that's that's more have a process that's that's more tied to the user experience and the user. Tied to the user experience and the user tied to the user experience and the user. Doesn't want to want to care about that doesn't want to want to care about that doesn't want to want to care about that. At all I think that at all I think that at all I think that just for my side I talked a lot so maybe. Just for my side I talked a lot so maybe just for my side I talked a lot so maybe. I'll keep it shut now i'll keep it shut now i'll keep it shut now do you do you think that there's like i. Do you do you think that there's like I do you do you think that there's like I think I think we've mentioned . Think I think we've mentioned think I think we've mentioned in a few points like there's this. In a few points like there's this in a few points like there's this there's this issue of. There's this issue of there's this issue of keys being lost and then what do people. Keys being lost and then what do people keys being lost and then what do people what do users go. what do users go what do users go through to get their keys back and then through to get their keys back and then. Through to get their keys back and then we're talking separately about we're talking separately about. We're talking separately about the products we're developing and all the products we're developing and all. The products we're developing and all the functionality they provide the functionality they provide. The functionality they provide do you think that there's room for do you think that there's room for. do you think that there's room for custody as a product independent of the custody as a product independent of the. Custody as a product independent of the products products products you're developing. So maybe I can take this one so maybe I can take this one definitely definitely. Definitely so I don't know if this is starting to so I don't know if this is starting to. So I don't know if this is starting to christian but definitely for us that christian but definitely for us that. Christian but definitely for us that would be would be would be something we desperately want the. Something we desperately want the something we desperately want the ecosystem ecosystem. Ecosystem and it would have to be a custodian that and it would have to be a custodian that. And it would have to be a custodian that supports different Stellar assets as. Supports different Stellar assets as supports different Stellar assets as well and there are. Well and there are well and there are wallets that support lumens already wallets that support lumens already. wallets that support lumens already and insurance that and insurance that and insurance that. Support lumix but to extend that to support lumix but to extend that to support lumix but to extend that to. Other assets and maybe even traits other assets and maybe even traits other assets and maybe even traits. to some extent that would be to some extent that would be to some extent that would be. Definitely something we would definitely something we would definitely something we would. Want to integrate and that's actually want to integrate and that's actually want to integrate and that's actually. What we're actively looking for I would want to make again the I would want to make again the. Separation between custody and key separation between custody and key separation between custody and key. Recovery recovery recovery so we don't want to have custody we so we don't want to have custody we. So we don't want to have custody we don't want one don't want one don't want one. Want want so traditional custody want want so traditional custody want want so traditional custody. Solutions work like they don't expose a solutions work like they don't expose a solutions work like they don't expose a. Private key to anyone but even the users private key to anyone but even the users. Private key to anyone but even the users belonging to that belonging to that belonging to that. And you send transactions to some kind and you send transactions to some kind and you send transactions to some kind. Of signing service to give it back so we of signing service to give it back so we. Of signing service to give it back so we we don't want that we we don't want that we. We don't want that we won't always want to have self custody won't always want to have self custody. Won't always want to have self custody and the user be in charge and the user be in charge. And the user be in charge of the things with his with possession of the things with his with possession. Of the things with his with possession of his or her own key of his or her own key. Of his or her own key what we want on top is key recovery what we want on top is key recovery. What we want on top is key recovery solutions pretty much like sub 30 would solutions pretty much like sub 30 would. Solutions pretty much like sub 30 would offer offer offer it conceptually with multiple recovery. It conceptually with multiple recovery it conceptually with multiple recovery processes. Processes processes as as weights where not each weight as as weights where not each weight. As as weights where not each weight does not have does not have does not have the option to to trade but . the option to to trade but the option to to trade but I understand where he was coming from it. I understand where he was coming from it I understand where he was coming from it. Was it was developed with a different was it was developed with a different was it was developed with a different. Thing in mind it was what was basically thing in mind it was what was basically thing in mind it was what was basically. Developed for the use case developed for the use case developed for the use case of not only key recovery it was as. Of not only key recovery it was as of not only key recovery it was as well developed for sharing keys and all. Well developed for sharing keys and all well developed for sharing keys and all kind of use cases. Kind of use cases kind of use cases that are required alongside when you're that are required alongside when you're. That are required alongside when you're not the only one not the only one not the only one. Having access to that key and for that having access to that key and for that having access to that key and for that. Step study makes a totally perfect job I step study makes a totally perfect job i. Step study makes a totally perfect job I think think think it's just like for our purposes but we. It's just like for our purposes but we it's just like for our purposes but we don't want one all of those features we. Don't want one all of those features we don't want one all of those features we just basically want. Just basically want just basically want at any any and in a very seldom selling at any any and in a very seldom selling. At any any and in a very seldom selling case someone loses case someone loses case someone loses. His or her key can recover it and for his or her key can recover it and for his or her key can recover it and for. That I think it would be that I think it would be that I think it would be fine if there would be just like two or. Fine if there would be just like two or fine if there would be just like two or three maybe notaries or. Three maybe notaries or three maybe notaries or trust trust companies banks whatever. Trust trust companies banks whatever trust trust companies banks whatever who would provide the service and maybe. Who would provide the service and maybe who would provide the service and maybe maybe just a call center or something. Maybe just a call center or something maybe just a call center or something like that where people could. Like that where people could like that where people could provide their id's and initiate a. Provide their id's and initiate a provide their id's and initiate a recovery process so. Recovery process so recovery process so for the users of ours that would it for the users of ours that would it. For the users of ours that would it doesn't have to be this doesn't have to be this. Doesn't have to be this decentralized solution because most of decentralized solution because most of. Decentralized solution because most of the users are not crypto maximalists who the users are not crypto maximalists who. The users are not crypto maximalists who said said said everything needs to be decentralized and. Everything needs to be decentralized and everything needs to be decentralized and. All these kind of things all these kind of things all these kind of things one thing if I could make make a. One thing if I could make make a one thing if I could make make a proposal that's. Proposal that's proposal that's a bit more technical involved would be a bit more technical involved would be. A bit more technical involved would be that that that it's fundamental to Stellar to have. It's fundamental to Stellar to have it's fundamental to Stellar to have counterparty risk right so. Counterparty risk right so counterparty risk right so you have to establish trust lines to. You have to establish trust lines to you have to establish trust lines to assets or anchors where you say okay. Assets or anchors where you say okay assets or anchors where you say okay I trust those people so they say maybe. I trust those people so they say maybe I trust those people so they say maybe for this you say hello. For this you say hello for this you say hello these people are sitting in europe they. These people are sitting in europe they these people are sitting in europe they are. Are are they are test by the regulators there they are test by the regulators there. They are test by the regulators there that's a bank bank in europe that that's a bank bank in europe that. That's a bank bank in europe that hold the assets in custody so that's hold the assets in custody so that's. hold the assets in custody so that's great I trust those guys great I trust those guys. Great I trust those guys I encourage you to do so I encourage you to do so i. I encourage you to do so I established a trust line to to these established a trust line to to these. Established a trust line to to these stock assets stock assets stock assets and maybe that would be true for. And maybe that would be true for and maybe that would be true for custodians as well where you can say hey. Custodians as well where you can say hey custodians as well where you can say hey. I'm establishing some I'm establishing some I'm establishing some kind of custodian custodial trust lines. Kind of custodian custodial trust lines kind of custodian custodial trust lines where I say hey this guy. Where I say hey this guy where I say hey this guy can or girl or entity can hold a. Can or girl or entity can hold a can or girl or entity can hold a specific weight of my assets. Specific weight of my assets specific weight of my assets so that you have it somehow baked into. So that you have it somehow baked into so that you have it somehow baked into the protocol level but that's just for. The protocol level but that's just for the protocol level but that's just for the far future for the very near future. The far future for the very near future the far future for the very near future it would be just. It would be just it would be just basically fine to have two or three who basically fine to have two or three who. Basically fine to have two or three who are not who are who establish trust by are not who are who establish trust by. Are not who are who establish trust by being used by many of the enterprises being used by many of the enterprises. Being used by many of the enterprises building up on Stellar marco and my heart I'm interested if. Marco and my heart I'm interested if that idea appeals to the two of you also which idea that. which idea that basically the idea of there being basically the idea of there being . Basically the idea of there being sort of trusted custodian professional sort of trusted custodian professional. Sort of trusted custodian professional custodians custodians custodians out there that that you could I think in. Out there that that you could I think in out there that that you could I think in. General general general it's it it it fulfills a need it's it it it fulfills a need. it's it it it fulfills a need I i've seen always Stellar as a very I i've seen always Stellar as a very. I i've seen always Stellar as a very diverse ecosystem diverse ecosystem diverse ecosystem. And I think that the problem of like and I think that the problem of like and I think that the problem of like. Discussing discussing discussing topics of like one solution versus the topics of like one solution versus the. Topics of like one solution versus the other other other it's like it's not giving the full. It's like it's not giving the full it's like it's not giving the full picture of what's happening. Picture of what's happening picture of what's happening so Stellar actually for example I the. So Stellar actually for example I the so Stellar actually for example I the way I see it. Way I see it way I see it is that at least in the ecosystem we is that at least in the ecosystem we. Is that at least in the ecosystem we touch there are multiple different roles touch there are multiple different roles. Touch there are multiple different roles and and and they will like some of them and and and they will like some of them. And and and they will like some of them like will require something like that like will require something like that. Like will require something like that and some of them and some of them and some of them. Won't so for example like we're thinking won't so for example like we're thinking. Won't so for example like we're thinking imagine a migrant worker that has the imagine a migrant worker that has the. Imagine a migrant worker that has the need to send need to send need to send over 200 that's not the same need of the. Over 200 that's not the same need of the over 200 that's not the same need of the. Market maker that facilitates like the market maker that facilitates like the market maker that facilitates like the. Exchange rates exchange rates exchange rates that those other people benefit from. That those other people benefit from that those other people benefit from that actually move. That actually move that actually move millions of dollars so so so that millions of dollars so so so that. millions of dollars so so so that that makes that makes that makes completely different needs and they're. Completely different needs and they're completely different needs and they're both using Stellar. Both using Stellar both using Stellar so I think in in in in one case so I think in in in in one case. So I think in in in in one case like shared keys are badly needed like shared keys are badly needed. Like shared keys are badly needed and in other ways what what some other and in other ways what what some other. And in other ways what what some other projects projects projects are are doing which is like completely. Are are doing which is like completely are are doing which is like completely abstract in a way and. Abstract in a way and abstract in a way and and and you know I why why would a and and you know I why why would a. And and you know I why why would a company like ours company like ours company like ours. would have the liability of the would have the liability of the would have the liability of the. People's funds people's funds people's funds that's because like there aren't a lot. That's because like there aren't a lot that's because like there aren't a lot of funds maybe you can you can actually. Of funds maybe you can you can actually of funds maybe you can you can actually because you're solving probably you have. Because you're solving probably you have because you're solving probably you have. like you know capital requirements like you know capital requirements like you know capital requirements. That that that exceed those people's funds so like exceed those people's funds so like. Exceed those people's funds so like those those those things will at the end of the day. Things will at the end of the day things will at the end of the day mitigate the risks and will make you. Mitigate the risks and will make you mitigate the risks and will make you capable of fronting such risks. Capable of fronting such risks capable of fronting such risks and I think that's that's what that's. And I think that's that's what that's and I think that's that's what that's. What I see so in what I see so in what I see so in in my mind there's a lot of like. In my mind there's a lot of like in my mind there's a lot of like sophisticated players in the storage. Sophisticated players in the storage sophisticated players in the storage system already. System already system already in a way that understand like how the in a way that understand like how the. in a way that understand like how the mechanics work but they mechanics work but they. Mechanics work but they aren't yet aren't yet aren't yet as many users as I would like to see i. As many users as I would like to see I as many users as I would like to see I love to see every mexican who's. Love to see every mexican who's love to see every mexican who's working in working in. Working in a kitchen in new york using a system a kitchen in new york using a system. A kitchen in new york using a system that touches Stellar that touches Stellar that touches Stellar. And and and when you do that it's in and and and when you do that it's in and and and when you do that it's in. My mind my mind my mind a product that completely looks like a product that completely looks like. A product that completely looks like something that this community would something that this community would. Something that this community would expect expect expect and that's completely something far from. And that's completely something far from and that's completely something far from. From from something like except 30 or from from something like except 30 or. From from something like except 30 or something like that because they don't something like that because they don't. Something like that because they don't want to deal with that want to deal with that. Want to deal with that it just one like deal with the same it just one like deal with the same. It just one like deal with the same thing that they've been doing with other thing that they've been doing with other. Thing that they've been doing with other companies companies companies when things fail and and and that's like. When things fail and and and that's like when things fail and and and that's like. The market needed that we've seen yeah absolutely and I mean just one yeah absolutely and I mean just one. Point that you made there that I do point that you made there that I do point that you made there that I do. Think is really important think is really important think is really important is that you know even when we're. Is that you know even when we're is that you know even when we're thinking about the requirements for just. Thinking about the requirements for just thinking about the requirements for just. An application oftentimes an application oftentimes an application oftentimes there's a whole kind of like broader. There's a whole kind of like broader there's a whole kind of like broader stack of. Stack of stack of ecosystem that's required to kind of ecosystem that's required to kind of. Ecosystem that's required to kind of make that end product make that end product make that end product. Exist and everybody who's in that value exist and everybody who's in that value exist and everybody who's in that value. Chain chain chain has kind of differing needs based on has kind of differing needs based on. Has kind of differing needs based on what they're doing so what they're doing so what they're doing so. so yeah I think that's fair you know so yeah I think that's fair you know so yeah I think that's fair you know. I'd say well i'd say well i'd say well we're in our last 15 minutes here and we're in our last 15 minutes here and. We're in our last 15 minutes here and so so so you know I think we're already kind of. You know I think we're already kind of you know I think we're already kind of doing this but I would love to. Doing this but I would love to doing this but I would love to drive the discussion towards. Drive the discussion towards drive the discussion towards kind of identifying gaps or. Kind of identifying gaps or kind of identifying gaps or needs or we could also put these as. Needs or we could also put these as needs or we could also put these as opportunities. Opportunities opportunities within the ecosystem and so maybe within the ecosystem and so maybe. Within the ecosystem and so maybe i'll just i'll just i'll just phrase this in a slightly. Phrase this in a slightly phrase this in a slightly constraining manner to constraining manner to. Constraining manner to to kick things off like if you marco to kick things off like if you marco. To kick things off like if you marco meinhard and christian meinhard and christian. Meinhard and christian could wave a magic wand and have like could wave a magic wand and have like. Could wave a magic wand and have like one new thing exist in the Stellar one new thing exist in the Stellar. One new thing exist in the Stellar ecosystem to support ecosystem to support ecosystem to support. Your vision of key management your vision of key management your vision of key management. What would that look like like what's what would that look like like what's what would that look like like what's. The the number one thing that you think the the number one thing that you think the the number one thing that you think. Would be would be would be super valuable for you super valuable for you super valuable for you. Whoever wants whoever has a response to whoever wants whoever has a response to whoever wants whoever has a response to. That that that I can start by by the the already I can start by by the the already. I can start by by the the already multiplexed accounts that that we've multiplexed accounts that that we've. Multiplexed accounts that that we've touched before it's in general I touched before it's in general i. touched before it's in general I think that think that think that that's something that in my mind is. That's something that in my mind is that's something that in my mind is something that. Something that something that that was missing and I think I would that was missing and I think I would. That was missing and I think I would love to see love to see love to see completely adopted and the reason is. Completely adopted and the reason is completely adopted and the reason is because the way. Because the way because the way that I feel as a user like that I feel as a user like. That I feel as a user like the way that memo ids are used the way that memo ids are used. The way that memo ids are used it's kind of like not intuitive it's kind of like not intuitive. It's kind of like not intuitive and and it's it's it feels and and it's it's it feels. And and it's it's it feels like a hack you know like you know every like a hack you know like you know every. Like a hack you know like you know every everyone's familiar with everyone's familiar with. Everyone's familiar with with a payment app where you can also with a payment app where you can also. With a payment app where you can also like include a message that travels with like include a message that travels with. Like include a message that travels with with with with with a payment and so but in this. With a payment and so but in this with a payment and so but in this specific specific. Specific case we're like hacking that field case we're like hacking that field. Case we're like hacking that field that memo field to actually embed that memo field to actually embed. That memo field to actually embed information information information and that will make the payment to route. And that will make the payment to route and that will make the payment to route differently so that became. Differently so that became differently so that became like the the default way of adopting. Like the the default way of adopting like the the default way of adopting Stellar. Stellar Stellar like for exchanges and I think that you like for exchanges and I think that you. Like for exchanges and I think that you know the entire know the entire know the entire. Ecosystem accepted that was the way to ecosystem accepted that was the way to ecosystem accepted that was the way to. Do it do it do it but I think if there's a better way but I think if there's a better way. But I think if there's a better way to do it which in my to do it which in my to do it which in my. In my mind it is multiplexed accounts in my mind it is multiplexed accounts. In my mind it is multiplexed accounts we should like the sooner the better we should like the sooner the better. We should like the sooner the better adopt something like that adopt something like that. Adopt something like that because you can actually free because you can actually free. Because you can actually free that field which is important for that field which is important for. That field which is important for other use cases as an example other use cases as an example. Other use cases as an example the first implementation we did for bill the first implementation we did for bill. The first implementation we did for bill pay actually encoded pay actually encoded. Pay actually encoded information about the bill that information about the bill that . information about the bill that like the reference like the reference like the reference. Of the invoice that that was intended to of the invoice that that was intended to. Of the invoice that that was intended to be paid and that was encrypted and sent be paid and that was encrypted and sent. Be paid and that was encrypted and sent over the memo so it's like to me over the memo so it's like to me. Over the memo so it's like to me those are things that those are things that those are things that. other players may may find like other players may may find like other players may may find like. Useful and interesting and will design useful and interesting and will design useful and interesting and will design. That way that way that way and if we use that field as and if we use that field as. And if we use that field as just an additional feel that just an additional feel that. Just an additional feel that together with the with the address we'll together with the with the address we'll. Together with the with the address we'll actually actually actually run the payment to to a different like. Run the payment to to a different like run the payment to to a different like destination I think that . Destination I think that destination I think that that's completely in my mind. That's completely in my mind that's completely in my mind something that shouldn't work that way. Something that shouldn't work that way something that shouldn't work that way and and and and you know some evidence. And and and and you know some evidence and and and and you know some evidence is like people make a lot of mistakes. Is like people make a lot of mistakes is like people make a lot of mistakes. When they're like put assets in and out when they're like put assets in and out when they're like put assets in and out. Of exchanges of exchanges of exchanges and I think it feels like it's it would and I think it feels like it's it would. And I think it feels like it's it would be focusing be focusing be focusing on on people and companies using. On on people and companies using on on people and companies using custodial wallets but I think it's the. Custodial wallets but I think it's the custodial wallets but I think it's the opposite I think. Opposite I think opposite I think if it's widely adopted it's something if it's widely adopted it's something. If it's widely adopted it's something that that that it would be there available for. It would be there available for it would be there available for everybody everybody. Everybody and they will like just add a more and they will like just add a more and they will like just add a more. Intuitive way to intuitive way to intuitive way to just send payments to an address with. just send payments to an address with just send payments to an address with. An amount an amount an amount and that will like like satisfy the and that will like like satisfy the. And that will like like satisfy the need need need of like the routing and and and all the. Of like the routing and and and all the of like the routing and and and all the information that needs to travel with. Information that needs to travel with information that needs to travel with each payment so. Each payment so each payment so in my mind that's something that needs in my mind that's something that needs. In my mind that's something that needs to be to be to be adopted obviously discussed before. Adopted obviously discussed before adopted obviously discussed before and and and for me that that wouldn't be. And and and for me that that wouldn't be and and and for me that that wouldn't be. Like that so you're you're putting your flag down so you're you're putting your flag down. On the on the on the cap 27 planet in the Stellar ecosystem cap 27 planet in the Stellar ecosystem. Cap 27 planet in the Stellar ecosystem and I don't know where I'm going with and I don't know where I'm going with. And I don't know where I'm going with this but you're you're squarely on the this but you're you're squarely on the. This but you're you're squarely on the cap 27 multiplexed account cap 27 multiplexed account. Cap 27 multiplexed account team yeah I think I think so okay team yeah I think I think so okay. Team yeah I think I think so okay great wonderful meinhard looks like great wonderful meinhard looks like. Great wonderful meinhard looks like you maybe have a thing next you maybe have a thing next. You maybe have a thing next great yeah so also cap 27 is great yeah so also cap 27 is. Great yeah so also cap 27 is really interesting for us and that's really interesting for us and that's. Really interesting for us and that's something unfortunately I can't something unfortunately I can't. Something unfortunately I can't answer maybe a leak and clarify answer maybe a leak and clarify. Answer maybe a leak and clarify does it also sort of protects the does it also sort of protects the. Does it also sort of protects the privacy of the recipients or is it privacy of the recipients or is it. Privacy of the recipients or is it still easy to to still easy to to still easy to to. Like conclude the address that's behind like conclude the address that's behind like conclude the address that's behind. It because that is something it because that is something it because that is something. Also we would wish to have that we have also we would wish to have that we have also we would wish to have that we have. Not the complete balance of all of our not the complete balance of all of our not the complete balance of all of our. Clients immediately visible to maybe a clients immediately visible to maybe a clients immediately visible to maybe a. Sender sender sender and so in a way not anonymous but and so in a way not anonymous but. And so in a way not anonymous but partially anonymous transactions partially anonymous transactions. Partially anonymous transactions at least for the recipient that would at least for the recipient that would. at least for the recipient that would be quite interesting for us be quite interesting for us. Be quite interesting for us and then also something that christian and then also something that christian. And then also something that christian earlier said earlier said earlier said . Like a sort of a footed approach or a like a sort of a footed approach or a like a sort of a footed approach or a. Feathered federated approach for feathered federated approach for feathered federated approach for. key recovery or even for a coastal key recovery or even for a coastal key recovery or even for a coastal. Resolution that would be resolution that would be resolution that would be definitely quite interesting and then. Definitely quite interesting and then definitely quite interesting and then you said. You said you said I should pick one thing but maybe I should pick one thing but maybe. I should pick one thing but maybe also you can say a third thing also you can say a third thing. Also you can say a third thing it would be a sort of regulated it would be a sort of regulated. it would be a sort of regulated entities that are entities that are entities that are . Offering this custody as a service and offering this custody as a service and offering this custody as a service and. Not just key recovery so that's not just key recovery so that's not just key recovery so that's. Definitely something we would definitely something we would definitely something we would. That would solve a lot of problems that would solve a lot of problems that would solve a lot of problems. For us right now because for us right now because for us right now because fundamentally we're not really . fundamentally we're not really fundamentally we're not really also because of. Also because of also because of our consumer's perspective or our user's our consumer's perspective or our user's. Our consumer's perspective or our user's perspective perspective perspective . Maximalists and and like you have to own maximalists and and like you have to own. Maximalists and and like you have to own your key your key your key ultimately we want to offer a a. Ultimately we want to offer a a ultimately we want to offer a a transfer service that. Transfer service that transfer service that passes on all the advantages of passes on all the advantages of . Passes on all the advantages of blockchain or Stellar in this case blockchain or Stellar in this case. Blockchain or Stellar in this case mainly speed and transaction cost and mainly speed and transaction cost and. Mainly speed and transaction cost and also the transparency also the transparency. Also the transparency and it doesn't have to be fully and it doesn't have to be fully. And it doesn't have to be fully self-custodial self-custodial self-custodial in our sense like we want to give the. In our sense like we want to give the in our sense like we want to give the. User the choice and user the choice and user the choice and the user doesn't really care much about. The user doesn't really care much about the user doesn't really care much about that they should have a online banking. That they should have a online banking that they should have a online banking like experience. Like experience like experience and that we need to know what's what's and that we need to know what's what's. And that we need to know what's what's behind it and not behind it and not behind it and not. Also having the need to learn new also having the need to learn new also having the need to learn new. Vocabulary and vocabulary and vocabulary and new approaches so that's like how we. New approaches so that's like how we new approaches so that's like how we want to. Want to want to place our service that makes sense yeah place our service that makes sense yeah. Place our service that makes sense yeah I concur that I concur that. I concur that you know it seems like having along you know it seems like having along. You know it seems like having along with there being some kind of technical with there being some kind of technical. With there being some kind of technical aspects aspects aspects to creating more capabilities. To creating more capabilities to creating more capabilities around key management there's also. Around key management there's also around key management there's also potentially ecosystem partners that we. Potentially ecosystem partners that we potentially ecosystem partners that we could bring in that would really. Could bring in that would really could bring in that would really support this as well so and then lee. support this as well so and then lee support this as well so and then lee did you. Did you did you do you know on cap 27 if it adds any do you know on cap 27 if it adds any. Do you know on cap 27 if it adds any anonymity or I'm not sure if that's anonymity or I'm not sure if that's. Anonymity or I'm not sure if that's something you're something you're something you're. too up to date on so yeah so too up to date on so yeah so too up to date on so yeah so. I can answer that it not not I can answer that it not not I can answer that it not not. Specifically so there's not like a specifically so there's not like a specifically so there's not like a. Feature cap 27 that feature cap 27 that feature cap 27 that that would make it any more. that would make it any more that would make it any more anonymous than. Anonymous than anonymous than using a memo id for a transaction using a memo id for a transaction. Using a memo id for a transaction however you know the service that's however you know the service that's. However you know the service that's using using using the services using cap 27. the services using cap 27 the services using cap 27 you know could rotate ids for users so. You know could rotate ids for users so you know could rotate ids for users so they could change the id that a user is. They could change the id that a user is they could change the id that a user is using over time or. Using over time or using over time or or you use some other strategies like or you use some other strategies like. Or you use some other strategies like that that obviously has some that that obviously has some. That that obviously has some disadvantages if disadvantages if disadvantages if if somebody is treating a cap 27 like a. If somebody is treating a cap 27 like a if somebody is treating a cap 27 like a market address as. Market address as market address as a you know an actual address for that a you know an actual address for that. A you know an actual address for that user user user if it's changing that could be. if it's changing that could be if it's changing that could be problematic but. Problematic but problematic but I feel like this is this is similar I feel like this is this is similar. I feel like this is this is similar to to to virtual credit card numbers where you. Virtual credit card numbers where you virtual credit card numbers where you have like a credit card and then you. Have like a credit card and then you have like a credit card and then you have like. Have like have like model ones you use for different model ones you use for different. Model ones you use for different merchants maybe or different merchants maybe or different. Merchants maybe or different people things like that people things like that people things like that. Okay great thank you lee and then okay great thank you lee and then okay great thank you lee and then. Christian yeah well there's a short time and yeah well there's a short time and. There's long term so there's long term so there's long term so basically we're fundamentally focusing. Basically we're fundamentally focusing basically we're fundamentally focusing on . On on non-crypto users and for non-crypto non-crypto users and for non-crypto. Non-crypto users and for non-crypto users convenience is important so users convenience is important so. Users convenience is important so there's a reason why why why things like there's a reason why why why things like. There's a reason why why why things like what's app what's app what's app are more popular than things like ebay's. Are more popular than things like ebay's are more popular than things like ebay's. Because they are just more convenient because they are just more convenient because they are just more convenient. And user slower in terms of the more and user slower in terms of the more and user slower in terms of the more. Convenient solution all those but but I think that all those but but I think that. Fundamentally the the key recovery is fundamentally the the key recovery is fundamentally the the key recovery is. Not should be not should be not should be easy on the recovery process the easy on the recovery process the. Easy on the recovery process the recovery process can be hard if I lose recovery process can be hard if I lose. Recovery process can be hard if I lose my wallets like my physical wallets my my wallets like my physical wallets my. My wallets like my physical wallets my credit cards in it I'm up for that that credit cards in it I'm up for that that. Credit cards in it I'm up for that that it will be a complicated process it will be a complicated process. It will be a complicated process to get that all sorted so that that's to get that all sorted so that that's. To get that all sorted so that that's fine but fine but fine but setting up my wallet and setting up my. Setting up my wallet and setting up my setting up my wallet and setting up my my key that you that should be the. My key that you that should be the my key that you that should be the easy part and for us like the easiest. Easy part and for us like the easiest easy part and for us like the easiest solution would be just hey on. Solution would be just hey on solution would be just hey on the concretion when you create your. The concretion when you create your the concretion when you create your account on d stock we would just add two. Account on d stock we would just add two account on d stock we would just add two. Or three or three or three trusted and reputable trusted and reputable. trusted and reputable public keys and those people do have public keys and those people do have. public keys and those people do have some kind of recovery process if I some kind of recovery process if i. Some kind of recovery process if I wouldn't be wouldn't be wouldn't be totally filled with work at d stock i. Totally filled with work at d stock I totally filled with work at d stock i. Would right now fund a company started would right now fund a company started would right now fund a company started. Start a startup start a startup start a startup doing exactly that because there's a. Doing exactly that because there's a doing exactly that because there's a need for that and . Need for that and need for that and like in the long term I could see that like in the long term I could see that. Like in the long term I could see that I'm better than the protocol that's the I'm better than the protocol that's the. I'm better than the protocol that's the one thing I one thing I one thing I said was having trust lines to these. Said was having trust lines to these said was having trust lines to these custodials pretty much like you have. Custodials pretty much like you have custodials pretty much like you have trust lines to to add to assets or. Trust lines to to add to assets or trust lines to to add to assets or anchors anchors. Anchors would be a nice way maybe even you you would be a nice way maybe even you you. Would be a nice way maybe even you you could one could think about that could one could think about that. Could one could think about that when you have an account and it holds when you have an account and it holds. When you have an account and it holds assets from multiple different anchors assets from multiple different anchors. Assets from multiple different anchors that you can say that that you can say that. That you can say that those anchors could jointly recover and those anchors could jointly recover and. Those anchors could jointly recover and cover your key by cover your key by cover your key by. depending on the weights and how many depending on the weights and how many. depending on the weights and how many assets you have there assets you have there. Assets you have there as well as cloud acid clawback with cap as well as cloud acid clawback with cap. As well as cloud acid clawback with cap 35 could 35 could 35 could put a great job into that but that's. Put a great job into that but that's put a great job into that but that's like it would be. Like it would be like it would be awesome to have it in the protocol awesome to have it in the protocol. Awesome to have it in the protocol embedded but like for our needs it embedded but like for our needs it. Embedded but like for our needs it wouldn't even be wouldn't even be wouldn't even be. Required for short-term solution would required for short-term solution would required for short-term solution would. Be just like victory be just like victory be just like victory hey let's get two or three trustable. Hey let's get two or three trustable hey let's get two or three trustable notary solicitors something like that. Notary solicitors something like that notary solicitors something like that out there. Out there out there that we all trust and where we say hey that we all trust and where we say hey. That we all trust and where we say hey let's give each let's give each let's give each. Other it doesn't cost me a lot of money other it doesn't cost me a lot of money other it doesn't cost me a lot of money. So that it could be like small so that it could be like small so that it could be like small. Small no trees that are just regulated small no trees that are just regulated small no trees that are just regulated. In some country and you just say in some country and you just say in some country and you just say. Put them up put a process behind that put them up put a process behind that put them up put a process behind that. That you can recover and then that you can recover and then that you can recover and then. I think it would be fine question just I think it would be fine question just I think it would be fine question just. To as a quick clarification I'm not to as a quick clarification I'm not to as a quick clarification I'm not. Sure I can exactly sure I can exactly sure I can exactly actually conceptualize what this would. Actually conceptualize what this would actually conceptualize what this would look like if it was embedded in the. Look like if it was embedded in the look like if it was embedded in the protocol and I know it's like. Protocol and I know it's like protocol and I know it's like very early stages high level but I mean. Very early stages high level but I mean very early stages high level but I mean could you maybe illustrate that a little. Could you maybe illustrate that a little could you maybe illustrate that a little. Bit more like what what you think that bit more like what what you think that bit more like what what you think that. Would look like basically that if you have so the basic basically that if you have so the basic. Idea idea idea currently is that you have at public currently is that you have at public. Currently is that you have at public keys as a signer keys as a signer keys as a signer. And what you could do is when you say and what you could do is when you say. And what you could do is when you say hey we we create trust licenses and take. Hey we we create trust licenses and take hey we we create trust licenses and take. That for custodian that for custodian that for custodian but these custodians could jointly. But these custodians could jointly but these custodians could jointly recover your key even though they don't. Recover your key even though they don't recover your key even though they don't have. Have have weights in your public key could be weights in your public key could be. Weights in your public key could be so basically they they would have these so basically they they would have these. So basically they they would have these anchors would have a public private anchors would have a public private. Anchors would have a public private keeper somewhere keeper somewhere keeper somewhere. On the chain and this public private on the chain and this public private on the chain and this public private. Keeper would have the right to recover keeper would have the right to recover keeper would have the right to recover. Addresses they would have been added as addresses they would have been added as addresses they would have been added as. A signer but you don't have to a signer but you don't have to a signer but you don't have to. Explicitly explicitly explicitly had them as a signer so basically you had them as a signer so basically you. Had them as a signer so basically you create a trust line to three custodians create a trust line to three custodians. Create a trust line to three custodians and then these three custodians could and then these three custodians could. And then these three custodians could jointly recover your funds but you don't jointly recover your funds but you don't. Jointly recover your funds but you don't have to add them as a signer have to add them as a signer. Have to add them as a signer so you don't have this kind of so you don't have this kind of. So you don't have this kind of multi-signature thing added to your multi-signature thing added to your. Multi-signature thing added to your account account account gotcha gotcha okay that's really useful. Gotcha gotcha okay that's really useful gotcha gotcha okay that's really useful . great well this has been a super great well this has been a super great well this has been a super. Interesting and useful discussion and I interesting and useful discussion and I interesting and useful discussion and i. Have to say have to say have to say and I'm sure justin and lee feel the and I'm sure justin and lee feel the. And I'm sure justin and lee feel the same you know there's been a lot to take same you know there's been a lot to take. Same you know there's been a lot to take in and digest in and digest in and digest. I really appreciate you guys sharing I really appreciate you guys sharing I really appreciate you guys sharing. Your perspective and opinion on this and your perspective and opinion on this and. Your perspective and opinion on this and I have a feeling I have a feeling I have a feeling. we're we're kind of just kicking this we're we're kind of just kicking this. we're we're kind of just kicking this discussion off so discussion off so . discussion off so we did have one or two questions from we did have one or two questions from. We did have one or two questions from the audience which I will the audience which I will. The audience which I will get up in front of me in just get up in front of me in just. get up in front of me in just a second oh not that one there we go a second oh not that one there we go. A second oh not that one there we go so i'll just throw this out to so i'll just throw this out to. so i'll just throw this out to everyone I guess can non-custodial everyone I guess can non-custodial. everyone I guess can non-custodial wallet apps connect wallet apps connect wallet apps connect. To a bank and have a user receive funds to a bank and have a user receive funds to a bank and have a user receive funds. In their native currency in their native currency in their native currency so that's kind of like a non-custodial. So that's kind of like a non-custodial so that's kind of like a non-custodial to custodial payout flow. To custodial payout flow to custodial payout flow I believe the answer to this is yes. I believe the answer to this is yes I believe the answer to this is yes this is actually a type of payment flow. This is actually a type of payment flow this is actually a type of payment flow that we facilitate on Stellar. That we facilitate on Stellar that we facilitate on Stellar yeah I don't know I think. yeah I don't know I think yeah I don't know I think this is the intention of of all those. This is the intention of of all those this is the intention of of all those all the steps that have been adopted. All the steps that have been adopted all the steps that have been adopted so it's like normally an anchor that. So it's like normally an anchor that so it's like normally an anchor that complies with. Complies with complies with with the existing seps what they would with the existing seps what they would. With the existing seps what they would do is basically allow non-custodial do is basically allow non-custodial. Do is basically allow non-custodial solution solution solution to be able to get from an anchor. To be able to get from an anchor to be able to get from an anchor services like services like. Services like ours like for example a bank ours like for example a bank ours like for example a bank. Informations that they can like informations that they can like informations that they can like. go from their own bank account go from their own bank account go from their own bank account. To to like the bank account that the to to like the bank account that the to to like the bank account that the. Anchor anchor anchor has and then that would in exchange has and then that would in exchange. Has and then that would in exchange you know give the user some some you know give the user some some. you know give the user some some some equivalent of of tokens so that some equivalent of of tokens so that. Some equivalent of of tokens so that that flow it's it's that flow it's it's that flow it's it's. It's precisely how today it's precisely how today it's precisely how today. all of all of the active anchors are all of all of the active anchors are all of all of the active anchors are. Are doing yeah you can use lobster or are doing yeah you can use lobster or are doing yeah you can use lobster or. Vibrant to deposit vibrant to deposit vibrant to deposit a number of different anchors because. A number of different anchors because a number of different anchors because they they already interoperate. They they already interoperate they they already interoperate perfect great thanks guys and then. Perfect great thanks guys and then perfect great thanks guys and then maybe justin this one's for you step. maybe justin this one's for you step maybe justin this one's for you step 30 and cap 27 both look cool. 30 and cap 27 both look cool 30 and cap 27 both look cool do any of the dev libraries or. do any of the dev libraries or do any of the dev libraries or wallets support these currently. Yeah that's an interesting question and yeah that's an interesting question and part of why I think it was good to start. Part of why I think it was good to start part of why I think it was good to start. To have this discussion to have this discussion to have this discussion cap 27 which marco advocated for. Cap 27 which marco advocated for cap 27 which marco advocated for earlier but has come up a couple of. Earlier but has come up a couple of earlier but has come up a couple of times times. Times is called multiplexed accounts it adds a is called multiplexed accounts it adds a. Is called multiplexed accounts it adds a new kind of Stellar address at the new kind of Stellar address at the. New kind of Stellar address at the protocol level protocol level protocol level basically allows a single Stellar. Basically allows a single Stellar basically allows a single Stellar account to map to multiple users. Account to map to multiple users account to map to multiple users it was added to protocol 13. It was added to protocol 13. It was added to protocol 13. however there's it's kind of like we however there's it's kind of like we however there's it's kind of like we. Put in the wiring but we didn't put any put in the wiring but we didn't put any put in the wiring but we didn't put any. Plugs or switches right like there's no plugs or switches right like there's no plugs or switches right like there's no. Manifestation of this and horizon manifestation of this and horizon manifestation of this and horizon. Are in the sdks and there's no clear way are in the sdks and there's no clear way. Are in the sdks and there's no clear way no clear like methods or standards no clear like methods or standards. no clear like methods or standards for actually using these mixed accounts for actually using these mixed accounts. For actually using these mixed accounts so they're there they're just hidden so they're there they're just hidden. So they're there they're just hidden away and so away and so away and so with those cap 27 specifically in order. With those cap 27 specifically in order with those cap 27 specifically in order to really be able to use it we'd first. To really be able to use it we'd first to really be able to use it we'd first have to build out. Have to build out have to build out the sort of platform layers on top of the sort of platform layers on top of. The sort of platform layers on top of the protocol and then we'd have to start the protocol and then we'd have to start. The protocol and then we'd have to start working with people to figure out how working with people to figure out how. Working with people to figure out how they would actually use those so cap 27 they would actually use those so cap 27. They would actually use those so cap 27 is possible but not really implemented is possible but not really implemented. Is possible but not really implemented in in in in any existing applications in any existing applications. In any existing applications step 30 on the other hand which is is step 30 on the other hand which is is. Step 30 on the other hand which is is not at the protocol level right it not at the protocol level right it. Not at the protocol level right it basically basically basically specifies how you can split key recovery. Specifies how you can split key recovery specifies how you can split key recovery. Across across across multiple different servers run by multiple different servers run by. Multiple different servers run by different by different different by different different by different. Operators right so instead of having a operators right so instead of having a operators right so instead of having a. Single key single key single key or instead of trying it it relies on or instead of trying it it relies on. Or instead of trying it it relies on third parties running these things third parties running these things. Third parties running these things called recovery servers right now called recovery servers right now. Called recovery servers right now vibrant which is a a wallet that vibrant which is a a wallet that. Vibrant which is a a wallet that sort of is facilitates usd savings at sort of is facilitates usd savings at. Sort of is facilitates usd savings at the moment mostly the moment mostly the moment mostly. that relies that that uses that relies that that uses that relies that that uses. Two recovery servers to implement sub 30 two recovery servers to implement sub 30. Two recovery servers to implement sub 30 but if other people in the ecosystem but if other people in the ecosystem. But if other people in the ecosystem wanted to start implementing sub 30 in wanted to start implementing sub 30 in. Wanted to start implementing sub 30 in their wallets this specific key recovery their wallets this specific key recovery. Their wallets this specific key recovery method method method we would need to as an ecosystem get. We would need to as an ecosystem get we would need to as an ecosystem get people to run these things recovery. People to run these things recovery people to run these things recovery servers right. Servers right servers right recovery servers which are sort of the recovery servers which are sort of the. Recovery servers which are sort of the servers that you delegate to allow servers that you delegate to allow. Servers that you delegate to allow a user to access their account if they a user to access their account if they. A user to access their account if they lose their key lose their key lose their key. So short answer step 30 is implemented so short answer step 30 is implemented so short answer step 30 is implemented. In one wallet in one wallet in one wallet and could be in more if we set up and could be in more if we set up. And could be in more if we set up recovery servers recovery servers recovery servers. That people could use and by we I mean that people could use and by we I mean that people could use and by we I mean. The ecosystem as a whole the ecosystem as a whole the ecosystem as a whole having to add one point so this idea. Having to add one point so this idea having to add one point so this idea that I mentioned about having trust. That I mentioned about having trust that I mentioned about having trust lines for. Lines for lines for focus for not custodians but for key focus for not custodians but for key. Focus for not custodians but for key recovery people recovery people recovery people. The the major change that it would add the the major change that it would add the the major change that it would add. Sorry my microphone sorry my microphone sorry my microphone brother the major change that it would. Brother the major change that it would brother the major change that it would add to the current solution is that the. Add to the current solution is that the add to the current solution is that the current solution if you add it as a. Current solution if you add it as a current solution if you add it as a signer like in step 30 then you are. Signer like in step 30 then you are signer like in step 30 then you are always getting the other rights as well. Always getting the other rights as well always getting the other rights as well so you can always like. So you can always like so you can always like jointly transfer funds and stuff like. Jointly transfer funds and stuff like jointly transfer funds and stuff like that having these kind of. That having these kind of that having these kind of recovery service at the protocol level. Recovery service at the protocol level recovery service at the protocol level then it would. Then it would then it would really be just okay I'm adding those really be just okay I'm adding those. Really be just okay I'm adding those people and they can people and they can people and they can. They can give me a process to recover my they can give me a process to recover my. They can give me a process to recover my keys but they can never do payments keys but they can never do payments. Keys but they can never do payments transactions even if they are transactions even if they are. Transactions even if they are colluding or jointly hacked those kind colluding or jointly hacked those kind. Colluding or jointly hacked those kind of stuff and that would of stuff and that would. Of stuff and that would put a lot of clearance on the legal side put a lot of clearance on the legal side. Put a lot of clearance on the legal side and it would make and it would make and it would make. This the entire setup a lot easier you this the entire setup a lot easier you this the entire setup a lot easier you. Don't have to store keys online and don't have to store keys online and don't have to store keys online and. Things like that so things like that so things like that so just clarify that yeah i. Just clarify that yeah I just clarify that yeah I know that we don't have like a lot. I know that we don't have like a lot I know that we don't have like a lot. Of time left of time left of time left but I think it's it's it's interesting but I think it's it's it's interesting. But I think it's it's it's interesting to keep the conversation going to keep the conversation going. To keep the conversation going especially because I think the especially because I think the. Especially because I think the multiplexed accounts can multiplexed accounts can multiplexed accounts can. Offer actually widely adopted some level offer actually widely adopted some level. Offer actually widely adopted some level of of obfuscation to the payments of of obfuscation to the payments. Of of obfuscation to the payments if like people start using it because if like people start using it because. If like people start using it because as as as as as as lee said like people can use them. Lee said like people can use them lee said like people can use them as as you know like like as dynamic. As as you know like like as dynamic as as you know like like as dynamic debit card numbers and and it's. debit card numbers and and it's debit card numbers and and it's interesting if. Interesting if interesting if the entire ecosystem adopts it then like the entire ecosystem adopts it then like. The entire ecosystem adopts it then like people would be sending money over with people would be sending money over with. People would be sending money over with different different different m accounts and that will like obvious. M accounts and that will like obvious m accounts and that will like obvious scale a lot of the the information. Scale a lot of the the information scale a lot of the the information which is really interesting yeah well it. Which is really interesting yeah well it which is really interesting yeah well it. Sounds like sounds like sounds like on both fronts both on kind of step 30s on both fronts both on kind of step 30s. On both fronts both on kind of step 30s key recovery design key recovery design key recovery design. And muxed accounts on the cop27 side we and muxed accounts on the cop27 side we and muxed accounts on the cop27 side we. Have a lot of thinking to do I think have a lot of thinking to do I think have a lot of thinking to do I think. You know as we kind of said in the you know as we kind of said in the you know as we kind of said in the. Beginning this is the beginning beginning this is the beginning beginning this is the beginning. Of these conversations or maybe the of these conversations or maybe the of these conversations or maybe the. Middle I guess they've been going on for middle I guess they've been going on for. Middle I guess they've been going on for a while so a while so a while so we'll definitely be continuing them . We'll definitely be continuing them we'll definitely be continuing them so with that I would say you know i. So with that I would say you know I so with that I would say you know I think it's time to to wrap up the. Think it's time to to wrap up the think it's time to to wrap up the discussion today. Discussion today discussion today but I think it's likely we may want but I think it's likely we may want. But I think it's likely we may want to all meet back here to all meet back here. To all meet back here in a few months certainly after in a few months certainly after. in a few months certainly after meridian meridian meridian and continue this conversation hopefully. And continue this conversation hopefully and continue this conversation hopefully. Making some progress in the time between making some progress in the time between. Making some progress in the time between so so so you know again christian mind hard marco. You know again christian mind hard marco you know again christian mind hard marco. We can't thank you enough for your time we can't thank you enough for your time we can't thank you enough for your time. Today and for sharing your perspective today and for sharing your perspective today and for sharing your perspective. and I hope everyone has a wonderful and I hope everyone has a wonderful and I hope everyone has a wonderful. Halloween weekend and we'll talk again halloween weekend and we'll talk again halloween weekend and we'll talk again. Soon soon soon thanks everybody thanks everybody.
