Hey everybody welcome to the q a session for jump cannon and I think yeah jeff neal already asked three. Questions if we want to jump into those his first question was has the name been chosen yet. The second question was what is the approximate test net month of launch and then the same question for mainnet i. Can try some of these things so the name has not been selected yet hopefully within a week or two we can . answer that question the generally speaking the main at launch is scheduled for enevir. And it might slip into next year because in the past we've learned that making like a major release at the end. Of the year is probably not the best thing to do so we expect end of december. Beginning of january for may net and then end of november a month before that for testnet. and you know the couple of months before that were already slated to have a like experimental. Future net so just like a dedicated test net to to work with smart contracts on. And just for the full loop we also expect that by the end of this month you'll already be. Able to deploy contracts locally in a sandbox using the sdk it's a future very cool. Let's get people to ask questions in voice it's more interactive yeah go ahead and . Submit a request to speak if you'd like to ask a question we will pull you on up put you in front of the class while. We wait for people to oh never mind we've got a request all right life learner yes thank you . What do you see or do you have any initial projects in the pipeline for the end of year. When you when you do the release so can you repeat the beginning of the question I missed that. So let me let me try again do you have any projects in the pipeline for the initial release. we're talking with several companies that are interested in building on Stellar I can't disclose names right. Now because nothing is is finalized but you know like the the usual suspects of you know like. Amms and various you know lending protocols right yeah the keep those requests. Coming tomer do you think we're gonna see dowels being established through those. Smart contracts I'm sure we'll see dows yes what is the first dow you would like to. See I would like to see a dao for a dow building platform so cool yeah great answer yeah. Yeah I think I'm still I'm stealing this from jason our ceo oh he has he's also expressed an interest in the past and. Having like a dow dow I mean it's got a ring to it john jove what what's going on with the token. Contract it's in progress it exists although I actually don't think i've posted anything publicly. Really about it I mean lee and I were just talking about it a second ago but maybe I should actually post a link. To the repo it lives in but tell us a bit about the token contract I mean there's . There's not a ton to say it's a it's a token it looks a lot like like an erc20 token with the exception. That like everything is done in the style of eip 2612 permits so there's lots of signatures being passed around. that makes it really flexible what I what is built so now what is built so far isn't actually like. Compliant with the spec that we published for it but I'm going to work on getting it. Closer to spec in the next couple of days so probably by like I don't know I don't. Want to say the end of this week but the end of next week it'll probably be pretty close and pretty reasonable it. Won't have all the functionality but it'll be pretty close I'm going to post a link to that in. Jump cannon right now so give me a second that's awesome it works i've tested it locally it. Does seem to work and can you share with the audience what is the story with eip 2612. What what does it improve on the erc20 contract yeah that's that's a good question. So basically this eip2612 which I always refer to as eip2612 permit because permit is like the target. Function that this whole thing was done for basically was an improvement on the. Classic erc20 approved flow so you know basically at the beginning of the whole erc experience or the erc20. Experience what you would do is you're like okay I have this contract I want to interact with it I'm going to approve it. To transfer balance from my account and so you submit a transaction on ethereum you wait for some you. Know there's some confirmations and eventually you're like okay this is final and we're happy and you submit. Another transaction that actually does the that actually like you know lets the con. Interact with the contract form by itself and so basically you first paid cash gas. Through the first thing and then you pay gas to the second thing with eip eip2612 permit you do this. All as a single transaction by just passing a signature to this permit like a signature. To this to the contract in the first place and then it uses the signature on the permit. Function and the permit verifies the signature and then does the same stuff that approve would have done. So it's basically this like ergonomics improvement and so kind of everything here works. Like that so you get that kind of ergonomics improvement everywhere so would it be correct to say that. The ip2612 basically like separates the the kind of like who's submitting that. Transaction from like who's authorizing the the moving of the funds that's exactly right. Okay around sorry you want to go do you want me to go you go a lot of the conversation around eip. 2612 was around this like this gasless concept basically like I shouldn't need to have an account that. Has money in it basically to do stuff or has ethernet and so this really like these kinds of. Like you know me passing around a signature and letting somebody else act on it makes these kind of gases. Concepts much much easier very cool that's exactly what I was about to say we have another question from the. Audience sorry if I mispronounced your name but jason godev asked given that Stellar has some built-in. Operations that serve off-chain scripts and apps already what use cases will smart contracts serve that is not. Possible with the current sdks so the current sdks are just like extremely or you know the current. Protocol is consist consists of around 20 high-level operations which doesn't really allow you. To to like you know express a lot of things so say for example that I wanna introduce an amm that is that's. Built on a curve that's not supported by the native amms on Stellar like table swap. or let's say that I want to have like a you know like a trust minimized lending protocol. or kind of like a non-trivial size dow that does that has like you know stake weighted. Voting trust minimized so all these things are like not really doable today great if anyone from the audience has. Any questions feel free to drop them into live chat the tech's channel or you can go ahead and request to be. On the stage and ask your question through voice maybe in the meantime lee can give us a quick update on what's the. Status of the sdk what should we be expecting for this like july iteration and what are you. Lee most excited about yeah I mean we're still we're still working on the sdk john has proven that you can build. Something with it which is fantastic at this point the api is still relatively unstable. so I mean as as we talked just before just before this event I'm adding things like iterators slicing to. Vectors and you know there's certain things about the api events that are probably going. To change in the next few days to to make them more ergonomic to make them safe to use and so we we are really. Still the sdks really young and we're still yeah making a lot of changes to it and. you know the end of by the time we come to the end of july hopefully we have a lot of the building blocks. the primitives there in a somewhat stable state even though the sdk is in flash blocks I do want to . Emphasize that it is quite sleek like the stuff that works when it it's pretty cool it's very kind of easy to use so . I had a good experience working with that is the sdk something people can look at right now today or is it as has. It yet to be put out into the wild I mean the code is is public it's on github it's just go to github.com. Stellar and I'm sure you'll find it the docs aren't up yet the anywhere in particular for it just yet. so you know if you're looking for docs then you know that's not out yet but we should have. Docks out with you know the july release at the end of july yeah and john's token contract is. Actually a really good starting point right now because it's it uses the sdk it's fairly. Readable and ergonomic and well organized for someone who who's maybe not familiar. With the way that rust works tomer like if they do go look at john's token contract what should they look at first. so at any rust I don't remember the lingo but you should look at the lib rs file because. That's like the entry point for any code that is not executable general good guideline for looking at. Like a jump can and contract with the sdk would be to go and find a function with the with the text contract fn. Directly above it if you see that you know that's an entry point to the contract and then you. Can go and see what it does by following that through in my particular case right now like tomer's advice was good. All of those functions are in lib.rs but I actually have a like a refactor that changes that and puts them all off. Into a separate file so that would still allow you to find the right stuff and I think the other thing to look out. For too is you'll also see types that are that have an attribute like contract. Type at the top of them and they're all types that will end up either in the api or will end up being stored so if. You're familiar with like the ethereum api or like what types that get generated in other. Ecosystems looking for that contrapti tag you know types that are going to be interesting for you to look at. Lee can you talk a bit about testing in our contracts I know that testing is like a big issue in the world of you. Know solidity smart contracts I know there are a lot of frameworks to facilitate that. what's what's my strategy as a person who's like developing for jump cannon yeah it's a great question we really. Want testing to be like really smooth mostly because you know we want people to ride tests. Whenever whenever there's a barrier to entry to writing tests you know let's admit it as engineers. It's it's tempting not to so write tests in terms of a jump cannon contract that's written in rust will be tests. That you can run locally on your computer in your id so if you're using an ide like. Vs code you'll be able to just run those tests like you would any other rust test. Your writing and in that in that test you'll have access to a host that acts very much like. The runtime environment that your contract will actually run on chain and the reason acts very much like it is because. It's actually backed by the same code because the the runtime environment is written in rust in Stellar core and so. We basically import that into the tests and we're running the contract within it and much of the mechanics of that we're. Still working through that and john and others are really help identifying like where the. Gaps are that we need to fill in to make it work as smoothly as possible for everybody but. yeah you'll be ideally be able to construct a couple of contracts and then you know run them in your test and. Then inspect you know here's the here's the state of the ledger after running them and be able to you. Know write assertions about okay you know you expect the balance of this account to change by this much or the. Balance of this token for that account I mean and it it'll be all running locally on. Your system and you'll be out which means you'll be out of you know step three debug inspect. The values of variables and different things like that step three debug a smart contract that's. Pretty pretty wild okay I see we have a bunch of people joined we are talking about jump cannon. type of stuff that we're gonna see coming in the next few weeks and we're happy to take questions. And we have a question in the text chat from matthias he says with smart contract support I wonder if you see a. Possibility to build an infrastructure like layer two of apps tap chain side chains using Stellar as their layer. One yeah definitely we're we also had some folks looking at potential like what type of. Crypto primitives do we need to do zk roll ups in an efficient matter so I don't think this these are things that. We're going to see immediately like at launch this year the beginning of next year but with time we definitely. Expect more sophisticated l2 constructions to show up these will probably take the form of. Zika rollups and the cool thing is that you can actually you know like the zika roll-up can. Can be something else from jump cannon it can obviously be like another the same execution engine but it can also be. Something like an evm so you can have like an evm roll up running on like a Stellar base chain which is pretty cool. What about you same question that you asked lee what are you most excited about for for the launch of smart. Contracts on Stellar like what would you most like to see I really love the fact. That the sdk like builds on rust so you can use like the entire ecosystem of rust tooling they're at your. Disposal so you can do things like use rust tooling for fuzzying or you know the type of. Testing frameworks that lee pointed out and you know most most of all I'm just like really excited to see what. Others build and what are the things that we're not thinking about right now in terms of getting other people to. Build you know we're just starting to think about this but like someone wants to get involved what's the. Best way for them to to start getting involved so right now I would say that things are. Kind of like all over the place in terms of you know you can start reading caps I would like I said before i. Think the the best entry point right now is through john's contract because it's the most. Like comprehensive and up-to-date jump cannon contract and just like learn from that. We are working on a set of docs that should be live by the end of this month and these will relate to just like. Learning about how this whole thing works some examples and tutorials around how to. like write a basic contract and use the sdk it will really be focused on like the. Local sandbox developer experience so you don't need to know you funny enough you don't really need to. Know anything about Stellar in order to start developing for this you don't even need to have. To be talking to a Stellar network all you need is like this local sandbox that's in the sdk I also have another. Question from matthias in terms of infrastructure what would be your top number one priority for smart contracts. Projects says he's thinking on Stellar mainstream stream adoption time frame q3 slash q4 2022 so. Infrastructure number one priority allow people to build smart contracts yeah I would say that the the composable. Like defy lego blocks so things like amm specifically the type of amms that we don't have natively in. Stellar things like you know stable swap things like uni swap v3 definitely. interesting interested in seeing things like compound and I would love to see some. infrastructure for to start building downs no one on this call has this question. But definitely when I start to talk to people about about this process the first question. That people have is like oh is this evm compatible can you just give a brief like highlight about the. Choices the tech stack choices and why why we made them yeah sure so we actually put out a blog. Post a couple months ago around why we decided to to go with wasm and we outlined a few options that we. That we considered but ended up not going with you know the evm is like the big elephant in the room obviously it's. On a bunch of different different chains from ethereum to avalanche and others. But at you know the bottom line was that we were looking for something that we can really scale the network with. And the evm is you know has a lot of good things about it but there are some kind of glaring issues. That we didn't really want to ignore one of them is that it just doesn't lend itself well to. Parallelism which is something that is very important for us moving forward with the type of real world scale that. We're looking for the other thing is that they were just a lot of foot guns in the evm and a. Lot of ways to unintentionally do the wrong thing so we wanted to make sure that we build. Something that is you know it's batteries included you don't need to you know like the token contract that. John is building right now is going to be kind of like the native default way to build tokens on on job canada. So you wouldn't have to do stuff like deploy your own erc20 contract which you know in the ethereum ecosystem everyone. Just goes and like copy copy paste you know the OpenZeppelin erc20 contract and a lot of other contracts as. Well so there's a lot of small things where ethereum is not like evm is not the friendliest for. Developers and we wanna make sure that we're we're building something that's. Friendly for developers and builds for the future we have another question from mathias. evm compatibility you just need to build on evm compatible using jump cannon smart contracts like. Aurora.dev or near something to think about to bring to some ethereum projects I guess not really. A question so much as a statement did end with a question mark though yeah in my defense. And I posted the the wazon blog and the live chat channel awesome yeah I think aurora is a really is a. Really interesting is a really interesting example of you know I think both near and and. Avalanche you know recognize that evm is not really what they want to build on but at. That time from their perspective like the way to get to market was to have something evm compatible right so you. Know avalanche came up with the c chain which is which is evm compatible near came up with with. Aurora and like these are fine projects and they really show how like the you know. The developers of the chain themselves don't necessarily think that the evm is the. Way to go but they you know they they put in something you know aurora is a a complete evm that runs as a smart. Contract which is a very interesting approach it's it's pretty wasteful both in. Terms of kind of like time and space but it also kind of like it kind of like ruins the benefits that. You get from near right because now you can't actually you know all the sharding and the parallelism that you get from. Near you you don't get in aurora right and if you look at the actual tps numbers then they are like extremely low. So I think there's like you know there are pros and cons to every approach all right and moots has joined the. Chat you have a question yeah I was just hoping to ask about an update towards 55 I believe was. The number I think the last Stellar dev chat we had was on some of the fee mechanics. Specifically the underlying state exploration and I know that was a few weeks ago and. With july 4th and all I wasn't paying a ton a ton of close attention so I was wondering if there was any updates you. Could provide and I know it might not be fair since niko's not here but just kind of regarding that. No that's great niko's not here so we can talk about cap55 I would say that . We haven't there are some internal efforts to to come up with like opposing caps. so I think that cap 55 in its current form you know we all acknowledge that it's. A it's a huge it's it's different from anything other than you have out there and we want to make sure that we. Consider all the alternatives before taking such a step so the cap moods is talking about is cap 55. It's around fees most of it is around like gas and metering and or metering. Computation and and and kind of like state allocations that is the the the less offensive bit about cap 55 cap. 55 also presents this idea of like state expiration which is that stake state can expire. After a specific time if it's not used or not touched which is great in terms of making sure that the. That the the ledger state size is manageable but introduces an additional level of. Complexity for contract developers to have to actually both contract developers and for. Users to make sure that you know important state just doesn't like disappear into the abyss. On that topic I highly recommend the talk given by the geth lead developer last month in prague. Around this kind of like time bomb that's in basically like any uvm chain out there. Which is you know like the state is growing in a rate where commodity hardware. Won't be able to handle it soon enough and a lot of the evm chains out there that are just kind of like. Cranking up the tps numbers they're just gonna hit that wall a lot sooner so you know we wanna make sure that. you know we're cognizant about this issue and and have some strategy to mitigate it. Cool thanks for the update and we have a question from jason c how is develop development of linking. Stellar classic tokens and their potential smart contract equivalents looking will classic tokens and their smart. Wrapped versions be interoperable in the background or will developers need to create their. Own wrapped versions that users will need to trade between this one's for me I can tell. so this is a good question and the wrong one the interoperability really comes from the contracts that. Smart rather the the contracts that other developers built the native token contract that we're. Going to provide is going to have good interoperability between classic assets and. Smart assets so you know basically if you use that and you know the contract that you build is. Compatible with that contract the native contract then you're good to go but like let's say that you like some. Other kind of you know token you know on ethereum there are more types of tokens than just erc20 tokens. maybe that's not a good compatibility fit for you and then you don't get the interoperability guaranteed. But in like the most basic case where you have a Stellar asset classic asset it's. Fun it's like a fundable asset like it's a argentinian peso for example then like you should expect to have. Excellent interoperability with with a smart contract assuming that the native contract we're providing is widely. Adopted I'm saying same question regarding nfts sorry I think I just cut you off john. But I think you were just going to read that question out right yeah I was going to do that I was also. Going to ask if jason was the ceo and then I asked that question with regard to the . To the nfts tomer has asked me the same question about like what we should be doing for. Like nft interoperability against like classic nfts and I basically told tomer like i. Haven't thought about and i'll think about it in august so I don't know the answers to that. Question yet tomer might have some insights on that regard in terms of what he thinks should. Happen so i'll turn it over to tomorrow here yeah I think that's a that's a very. Good question that we need to to figure out I don't think fred is in the audience. Right now but I would love to get fred's take on it whether we need to have this like. Opinionated like default nft contract you know the type of nfts that you can issue in and by enlightenment. Today are still interoperable with jump cannon in the sense that any token from classic is interoperable. Through these like rap tokens the question is do we want to introduce like a native. Representation on on the on the smart side and what form should it take should. It just be like this regular token with you know with like zero decimal places. those are open questions and I think we need to kind of like survey nft contracts in the ecosystem to better. Understand that and that's like john said that work is slated for next month all right . Matthias has another question I'm glad he labeled it as a question for me are there any current education Stellar. Partners such as Stellar quest or the like working on trading and or education in preparation for jump. Cannons launch smooth onboarding for devs no not yet but that's definitely planned you know like I said right. Now the you know the docs and the materials are just like not in a place where . Where it's easy to onboard but it's a it's a very top priority for us to get there. I think maybe seashells wanted to be in the recording so seashells has wished us all a happy thursday. We have pantheon wants to speak here you go I just I don't know if you can answer. This quickly or not it's more of a security question as to do you see any security flaws with this platform or. Any potential issues particularly right now if current security flaws if if someone gets a hold of your secret. Key your wallet's exposed would this smart contract be kind of in the same situation where if someone has. A secret key access that's that the whole smart contract is now exposed or I would say that smart contracts. Introduce a lot of you know they allow contract developers to write arbitrary code. That is deployed on chain it's it definitely is more powerful than the current protocol. But it definitely gives developers some more rope to hang themselves with from the actual platform security. Perspective we're planning on multiple audits to ensure that the platform itself is . Is safe with that said you know it's it's impossible to enforce safeness in the protocol level. And it will be up to developers to ensure that the contracts that they write are safe we. Are going to publish a lot of information on how to maintain security and we are also planning on a grants. Program that will include grants for auditing but at the end of the day there how should I put it . You know like shitty code will exist and it will be unsafe you can never stop it but . Yeah I just want to know the likelihood and like sort of the the system that's being. Created the the possibility of of that happening but overall thank you for the answering that. We have one more question from the text channel can you talk a little bit about anchors and jump canon yeah so. From the anchors perspective they don't actually need to to change anything about their offerings. Because you know the type of assets that they're dealing with are classic assets and they can. so nothing really changes about about the on and off ramp if if they're you know they could if they choose to . On-ramp directly to smart to the smart side or allow off-ramping through that but we expect wallets to be able. To to officially move assets between these two sides so that is not necessarily a required. Thing for you know for issuers even issuers of classic assets could with their existing issue or. Authorization they can move to mint over on the on the smart side for the same asset the. Exact same asset one advantage of that you know we hear a lot from from issuers. That Stellar's model of like implicit minting through payments is sometimes. A bit idiosyncratic idiosyncratic for how they do things on other networks and the nice thing about the. The standard token contract on the smart side is that there's an explicit mint operation. which makes things a bit more palatable so maybe we'll see issuers move to minting on the smart side but I'm not. Sure so I think we're we passed the 35 minute mark and if there are no other. Questions maybe we can call it a day if you do have other questions for us come find us in the jump cannon channel. We're you can probably tell that we're in the dev channel all the time but talk to us in the normal one and. We'll we'll definitely respond to you guys.
