All right welcome everyone to today's all right welcome everyone to today's. Protocol meeting where where we'll protocol meeting where where we'll protocol meeting where where we'll. Discuss two core advancement proposals discuss two core advancement proposals discuss two core advancement proposals. Gren will be speaking about cap 65 that Gren will be speaking about cap 65 that Gren will be speaking about cap 65 that. Introduces a reusable module cache which introduces a reusable module cache which. Introduces a reusable module cache which Garand actually alluded to last week and. Garand actually alluded to last week and Garand actually alluded to last week and. After that Dimo will speak about cap 64 after that Dimo will speak about cap 64 after that Dimo will speak about cap 64. Which pertains to sbon authorization and which pertains to sbon authorization and. Which pertains to sbon authorization and memos with that I'll hand it over to grden so this is a probably smallest . Grden so this is a probably smallest cap that I've done so far and cap that I've done so far and. Cap that I've done so far and certainly the simplest to describe U but certainly the simplest to describe U but. Certainly the simplest to describe U but it does actually have a fairly dramatic it does actually have a fairly dramatic. It does actually have a fairly dramatic effect effect effect this really only makes sense in in. this really only makes sense in in this really only makes sense in in the context of. The context of the context of cap cap cap 62 so this is Cap sorry no I'm cap 62. 62 so this is Cap sorry no I'm cap 62 62 so this is Cap sorry no I'm cap 62 this only makes sense in the context of. This only makes sense in the context of this only makes sense in the context of the other cap yeah no no sorry I'm. the other cap yeah no no sorry I'm the other cap yeah no no sorry I'm doing cap 65 this makes sense in the. Doing cap 65 this makes sense in the doing cap 65 this makes sense in the context of cap 62 sorry getting all my. Context of cap 62 sorry getting all my context of cap 62 sorry getting all my 60s tangled up here so in 62 Garen. 60s tangled up here so in 62 Garen 60s tangled up here so in 62 Garen pointed out that we in a position. Pointed out that we in a position pointed out that we in a position where we can we can basically keep . Where we can we can basically keep where we can we can basically keep the live letter state in memory . The live letter state in memory the live letter state in memory constantly because of the the the. Constantly because of the the the constantly because of the the the ability to you know evict live. Ability to you know evict live ability to you know evict live state to disk and and account for the. State to disk and and account for the state to disk and and account for the movement of of data between dis and. Movement of of data between dis and movement of of data between dis and memory explicitly in in protocol events. Memory explicitly in in protocol events memory explicitly in in protocol events that are surfaced to the user so the. That are surfaced to the user so the that are surfaced to the user so the user can tell you know what what. User can tell you know what what user can tell you know what what they're paying for and and what they're. They're paying for and and what they're they're paying for and and what they're getting out of paying for the things. Getting out of paying for the things getting out of paying for the things being in memory versus you know allowing. Being in memory versus you know allowing being in memory versus you know allowing. A detail to expire and and having it a detail to expire and and having it a detail to expire and and having it. Move to dis and that that obviously move to dis and that that obviously move to dis and that that obviously. Produces the ability to reduce IO produces the ability to reduce IO produces the ability to reduce IO. Costs but there's another thing that we costs but there's another thing that we costs but there's another thing that we. Can do on that that that load or can do on that that that load or can do on that that that load or . Evict event when when things move from evict event when when things move from evict event when when things move from. Dis to memory or memory to disk that dis to memory or memory to disk that dis to memory or memory to disk that. Actually sort of solves a problem for us actually sort of solves a problem for us. Actually sort of solves a problem for us that we have had for a long time that that we have had for a long time that. That we have had for a long time that has been holding us back from doing has been holding us back from doing. Has been holding us back from doing something very obvious so it's a very something very obvious so it's a very. Something very obvious so it's a very obvious optimization that we've wanted obvious optimization that we've wanted. Obvious optimization that we've wanted to do since the beginning of Soroban to do since the beginning of Soroban . To do since the beginning of Soroban which is to Cache the compiled ready- to which is to Cache the compiled ready- to. Which is to Cache the compiled ready- to run version of Any Given smart contract run version of Any Given smart contract. Run version of Any Given smart contract in memory and it's ready to run form so in memory and it's ready to run form so. In memory and it's ready to run form so the the wasm bite code that you the the wasm bite code that you. the the wasm bite code that you upload is essentially not ready to run upload is essentially not ready to run. Upload is essentially not ready to run it's it hasn't it has been validated it's it hasn't it has been validated. It's it hasn't it has been validated when you uploaded it but theoretically when you uploaded it but theoretically. When you uploaded it but theoretically it should be validated again before it should be validated again before. It should be validated again before running but also it gets translated into running but also it gets translated into. Running but also it gets translated into a sort of a secondary internal format a sort of a secondary internal format. A sort of a secondary internal format for execution and in the future if we for execution and in the future if we. For execution and in the future if we ever use a jit this will actually be an ever use a jit this will actually be an. Ever use a jit this will actually be an even more involved process but there is even more involved process but there is. Even more involved process but there is nonetheless even with an interpreter nonetheless even with an interpreter. Nonetheless even with an interpreter there's a there's a translation phase there's a there's a translation phase. There's a there's a translation phase and the important thing to understand is and the important thing to understand is. And the important thing to understand is that translation phase is fast but it that translation phase is fast but it. That translation phase is fast but it still takes time and you want to run still takes time and you want to run. Still takes time and you want to run your transactions as fast as possible your transactions as fast as possible. Your transactions as fast as possible and so at the moment if you look at and so at the moment if you look at. And so at the moment if you look at if if you sort of look at a execution if if you sort of look at a execution. If if you sort of look at a execution profile of a contract when it's running profile of a contract when it's running. Profile of a contract when it's running today when you invoke a contract your today when you invoke a contract your. Today when you invoke a contract your transaction actually spends a fair transaction actually spends a fair. Transaction actually spends a fair amount of its time in many cases as much amount of its time in many cases as much. Amount of its time in many cases as much as half or or even 2ir or three4 of its as half or or even 2ir or three4 of its. As half or or even 2ir or three4 of its time just to during the doing the the time just to during the doing the the. Time just to during the doing the the translation getting it ready to run translation getting it ready to run. Translation getting it ready to run coming from so so we pull the bik code coming from so so we pull the bik code. Coming from so so we pull the bik code off of dis and then we retranslate it off of dis and then we retranslate it. Off of dis and then we retranslate it and then jump into it and execute it and and then jump into it and execute it and. And then jump into it and execute it and then basically throw that away and the then basically throw that away and the. Then basically throw that away and the reason we and and then do it again for reason we and and then do it again for. Reason we and and then do it again for the next trans transaction and the next the next trans transaction and the next. The next trans transaction and the next transaction the next transaction and we transaction the next transaction and we. Transaction the next transaction and we do this over and over and over again do this over and over and over again. Do this over and over and over again because we don't really have a clear way because we don't really have a clear way. Because we don't really have a clear way of if we were to cash it from one of if we were to cash it from one. Of if we were to cash it from one transaction to the next deciding who transaction to the next deciding who. Transaction to the next deciding who should pay for populating the cash and should pay for populating the cash and. Should pay for populating the cash and who should be able to B basically free who should be able to B basically free. Who should be able to B basically free ride on things already being in the cach ride on things already being in the cach. Ride on things already being in the cach and how to sort of reflect that in the and how to sort of reflect that in the. And how to sort of reflect that in the fee model U there's a lot of complexity fee model U there's a lot of complexity. Fee model U there's a lot of complexity here I don't really want to go into all here I don't really want to go into all. Here I don't really want to go into all the different options I mean I'm sure the different options I mean I'm sure. The different options I mean I'm sure you can think of a way of making it work you can think of a way of making it work. You can think of a way of making it work off the top of your head many people off the top of your head many people. Off the top of your head many people have we talked about this a lot when we have we talked about this a lot when we. Have we talked about this a lot when we were developing the structure of were developing the structure of. Were developing the structure of Soroban and we couldn't really come up Soroban and we couldn't really come up. Sorbon and we couldn't really come up with one that didn't have some weird with one that didn't have some weird. With one that didn't have some weird incentive that allowed people to you incentive that allowed people to you. Incentive that allowed people to you know price other people out of the know price other people out of the. Know price other people out of the transaction queue in in a way that transaction queue in in a way that. Transaction queue in in a way that was unfair or or wound up making them was unfair or or wound up making them. Was unfair or or wound up making them overpay in certain circumstances in ways overpay in certain circumstances in ways. Overpay in certain circumstances in ways that we wouldn't be able to refund stuff. That we wouldn't be able to refund stuff that we wouldn't be able to refund stuff. Like that so ultimately up until now we like that so ultimately up until now we like that so ultimately up until now we. Have not done that up until now for the have not done that up until now for the have not done that up until now for the. First year sort of year or so of of first year sort of year or so of of first year sort of year or so of of. Zoran's existence it has executed in zoran's existence it has executed in zoran's existence it has executed in. This fairly wasteful fashion where it is this fairly wasteful fashion where it is. This fairly wasteful fashion where it is reparsing retranslating modules from reparsing retranslating modules from. Reparsing retranslating modules from their serialized WM form into their their serialized WM form into their. Their serialized WM form into their ready to run form on every single ready to run form on every single. Ready to run form on every single transaction and that that has been transaction and that that has been. Transaction and that that has been something we know you know we know we something we know you know we know we. Something we know you know we know we want to get back to we know we want to want to get back to we know we want to. Want to get back to we know we want to figure out the correct way to deal with figure out the correct way to deal with. Figure out the correct way to deal with it it it longer term and have longer lived. longer term and have longer lived longer term and have longer lived caches of that translated form and . Caches of that translated form and caches of that translated form and and so with cap 62 our our opening. And so with cap 62 our our opening and so with cap 62 our our opening became obvious this is this is the clear. Became obvious this is this is the clear became obvious this is this is the clear. Opening where we can do it and in opening where we can do it and in opening where we can do it and in. Fact we can do the most aggressive form fact we can do the most aggressive form fact we can do the most aggressive form. Of it because there's this there's of it because there's this there's of it because there's this there's. This very large amount of data that will this very large amount of data that will. This very large amount of data that will be kept in in memory all the time which be kept in in memory all the time which. Be kept in in memory all the time which is essentially the entire live part is essentially the entire live part. Is essentially the entire live part of this orbon part of the bucket list so of this orbon part of the bucket list so. Of this orbon part of the bucket list so that's you know to do levels of that's you know to do levels of. That's you know to do levels of filtering here but if you sort of step filtering here but if you sort of step. Filtering here but if you sort of step back the the contracts that are in the back the the contracts that are in the. Back the the contracts that are in the live portion of the sorond portion of live portion of the sorond portion of. Live portion of the sorond portion of the the the Ledger themselves collectively we've. Ledger themselves collectively we've Ledger themselves collectively we've done some measurements they're not very. Done some measurements they're not very done some measurements they're not very big all told it's you know 10 megabytes. Big all told it's you know 10 megabytes big all told it's you know 10 megabytes or something right now it's not actually. Or something right now it's not actually or something right now it's not actually. A ton of data even if we saw a ton of data even if we saw a ton of data even if we saw. Substantially substantial growth in in substantially substantial growth in in substantially substantial growth in in. The blockchain sort of all anticipated the blockchain sort of all anticipated the blockchain sort of all anticipated. Scenarios don't show it exceeding memory scenarios don't show it exceeding memory. Scenarios don't show it exceeding memory and cap 62 really makes it clear that and cap 62 really makes it clear that. And cap 62 really makes it clear that there's a model for bounding that growth there's a model for bounding that growth. There's a model for bounding that growth for controlling that growth and for for controlling that growth and for. For controlling that growth and for charging for it appropriately so that as charging for it appropriately so that as. Charging for it appropriately so that as that growth occurs you know we can we. That growth occurs you know we can we that growth occurs you know we can we. Can manage essentially pressure on it can manage essentially pressure on it. Can manage essentially pressure on it to keep it under control to to have it to keep it under control to to have it. To keep it under control to to have it have not become arbitrarily huge and have not become arbitrarily huge and. Have not become arbitrarily huge and that means the caching question just that means the caching question just. That means the caching question just gets very simple we just cach everything gets very simple we just cach everything. Gets very simple we just cach everything as soon as something is pulled off of. as soon as something is pulled off of as soon as something is pulled off of. Dis we're just going to immediately dis we're just going to immediately dis we're just going to immediately. Compile and cache it we we'll translate compile and cache it we we'll translate compile and cache it we we'll translate. It into its into its ready to execute it into its into its ready to execute. It into its into its ready to execute form and we'll just stick it in reusable. Form and we'll just stick it in reusable form and we'll just stick it in reusable. Cash and we will reuse that cash from cash and we will reuse that cash from cash and we will reuse that cash from. From one transaction to the next so all from one transaction to the next so all from one transaction to the next so all. Of the per transaction of the per transaction of the per transaction costs for for translation go away and. Costs for for translation go away and costs for for translation go away and. That's like that's the whole cap it's that's like that's the whole cap it's that's like that's the whole cap it's. Actually very straightforward in the actually very straightforward in the actually very straightforward in the. Context of 62 so I've talked a lot to context of 62 so I've talked a lot to context of 62 so I've talked a lot to. Sort of give you the background for it sort of give you the background for it sort of give you the background for it. But the actual cap itself is is utterly but the actual cap itself is is utterly but the actual cap itself is is utterly. Trivial there's nothing to it as soon trivial there's nothing to it as soon. Trivial there's nothing to it as soon as as soon as you turn it on your costs as as soon as you turn it on your costs. As as soon as you turn it on your costs just just drop through the floor you just just drop through the floor you. Just just drop through the floor you everything just goes faster and it's everything just goes faster and it's. Everything just goes faster and it's cheaper so pretty easy sell I don't cheaper so pretty easy sell I don't. Cheaper so pretty easy sell I don't think there's an awful lot of reason think there's an awful lot of reason. Think there's an awful lot of reason to object to it unless you can think of to object to it unless you can think of. To object to it unless you can think of a reason why you don't want to you a reason why you don't want to you. A reason why you don't want to you know avoid doing work multiple times s know avoid doing work multiple times s. Know avoid doing work multiple times s it's it's just it's just a freebie we it's it's just it's just a freebie we. it's it's just it's just a freebie we really should have done this earlier on really should have done this earlier on. Really should have done this earlier on it's just we didn't know how to make it it's just we didn't know how to make it. It's just we didn't know how to make it work and and now we have a fairly clear work and and now we have a fairly clear. Work and and now we have a fairly clear model for making it work so I've already model for making it work so I've already. Model for making it work so I've already implemented this I've run the implemented this I've run the. Implemented this I've run the experiments on mainnet running it in experiments on mainnet running it in. Experiments on mainnet running it in parallel on a on a local development parallel on a on a local development . Parallel on a on a local development validator and it's much much cheaper validator and it's much much cheaper . Validator and it's much much cheaper substantial cost cost savings there are substantial cost cost savings there are. Substantial cost cost savings there are a couple of interesting Corner cases to a couple of interesting Corner cases to. A couple of interesting Corner cases to deal with in terms of like like if deal with in terms of like like if. Deal with in terms of like like if you upload a contract and then try to you upload a contract and then try to. You upload a contract and then try to run it inside the transaction that you run it inside the transaction that you. Run it inside the transaction that you inside The Ledger that you uploaded it inside The Ledger that you uploaded it. Inside The Ledger that you uploaded it in so if you do like an upload and run in so if you do like an upload and run. In so if you do like an upload and run immediately we have to be a little immediately we have to be a little. Immediately we have to be a little bit careful there in terms of like bit careful there in terms of like. Bit careful there in terms of like when the cach gets repopulated or when the cach gets repopulated or. When the cach gets repopulated or incrementally populated with sort new incrementally populated with sort new. Incrementally populated with sort new additions but the worst case scenario of additions but the worst case scenario of. Additions but the worst case scenario of all of those is just that you get all of those is just that you get. All of those is just that you get charged what you get charged today which charged what you get charged today which. Charged what you get charged today which is the the you know you get you get is the the you know you get you get. Is the the you know you get you get charged the cost of translating it on charged the cost of translating it on. Charged the cost of translating it on the fly in addition to the cash the fly in addition to the cash. The fly in addition to the cash population which we're just going to population which we're just going to. Population which we're just going to we're just going to eat those costs we're just going to eat those costs. We're just going to eat those costs entirely we're not even going to include entirely we're not even going to include. Entirely we're not even going to include the cost of cash population and eviction. The cost of cash population and eviction the cost of cash population and eviction. Because they're so much lower than the because they're so much lower than the because they're so much lower than the. Io cost of even bringing stuff in a note io cost of even bringing stuff in a note. Io cost of even bringing stuff in a note of memory in the first place of memory in the first place. Of memory in the first place but there there's there's a little but there there's there's a little. but there there's there's a little bit of there's a little bit of sort of bit of there's a little bit of sort of. Bit of there's a little bit of sort of careful accounting to to make sure it careful accounting to to make sure it. Careful accounting to to make sure it all works but essentially the the user all works but essentially the the user. All works but essentially the the user experience is just everything goes experience is just everything goes. Experience is just everything goes faster so should be should be very faster so should be should be very. Faster so should be should be very straightforward I don't if anyone has straightforward I don't if anyone has. Straightforward I don't if anyone has questions I'm happy to answer them but I. Questions I'm happy to answer them but I questions I'm happy to answer them but I. Would be surprised because there there's would be surprised because there there's. Would be surprised because there there's really not much to this cap except cash really not much to this cap except cash. Really not much to this cap except cash work and yeah so regarding the edge cases can we. Yeah so regarding the edge cases can we maybe specify them explicitly in the maybe specify them explicitly in the. Maybe specify them explicitly in the camp because I noted well not quite camp because I noted well not quite. Camp because I noted well not quite specified and like my current specified and like my current. Specified and like my current understanding from looking at the understanding from looking at the. Understanding from looking at the implementation is that we compile implementation is that we compile. Implementation is that we compile contracts contracts contracts specifically when we add entries to the. Specifically when we add entries to the specifically when we add entries to the backet P can be Iden to the backet list. Backet P can be Iden to the backet list backet P can be Iden to the backet list specifically after running each and. Specifically after running each and specifically after running each and every transaction in The Ledger. Every transaction in The Ledger every transaction in The Ledger it's also SPS a weird a case where if. It's also SPS a weird a case where if it's also SPS a weird a case where if you have an Appo transaction and the. You have an Appo transaction and the you have an Appo transaction and the transactions that cost and apply this. Transactions that cost and apply this transactions that cost and apply this contract in the same wager or whatever. Contract in the same wager or whatever contract in the same wager or whatever is your reason then we basically have. Is your reason then we basically have is your reason then we basically have kind of an invocation of a contract that. Kind of an invocation of a contract that kind of an invocation of a contract that. Does not does not actually appro does not does not actually appro does not does not actually appro. Anything but it still won't result in a anything but it still won't result in a anything but it still won't result in a. C heat so that's right that's right c heat so that's right that's right c heat so that's right that's right. Yeah yeah I guess it is something to I yeah yeah I guess it is something to I yeah yeah I guess it is something to I. Think gu this here I think it is think gu this here I think it is think gu this here I think it is. Something that we probably need to something that we probably need to something that we probably need to. Specify more explicitly in the cap with specify more explicitly in the cap with specify more explicitly in the cap with. Respect to the why said it's just that respect to the why said it's just that respect to the why said it's just that. In this particular case I don't think in this particular case I don't think in this particular case I don't think. You can ever get the correct simulation you can ever get the correct simulation you can ever get the correct simulation. Result like again I don't know why would result like again I don't know why would. Result like again I don't know why would you do that but simulation will you do that but simulation will. You do that but simulation will probably assume like if you do not probably assume like if you do not. Probably assume like if you do not upload any contracts then your contract upload any contracts then your contract. Upload any contracts then your contract has been cashed like every contract your has been cashed like every contract your. Has been cashed like every contract your has been cashed and th is this through a. Has been cashed and th is this through a has been cashed and th is this through a. Next case scenario where it actually is next case scenario where it actually is next case scenario where it actually is. Not cashed and it's not in memory so not cashed and it's not in memory so not cashed and it's not in memory so. Basically your fees and resources will basically your fees and resources will basically your fees and resources will. Be off and yeah I guess just worst be off and yeah I guess just worst be off and yeah I guess just worst. Pointing out in the cap I can I can I pointing out in the cap I can I can I pointing out in the cap I can I can I. Can clarify the conditions I do like can clarify the conditions I do like. Can clarify the conditions I do like I think you're right in that that's I think you're right in that that's. I think you're right in that that's that's a fairly Edge case because you that's a fairly Edge case because you. That's a fairly Edge case because you would have to be would have to be would have to be. Simulating an execution of a contract simulating an execution of a contract simulating an execution of a contract. That wasn't present on the chain on the that wasn't present on the chain on the that wasn't present on the chain on the. Assumption that maybe someone will up assumption that maybe someone will up assumption that maybe someone will up. The same transaction set as you yeah the same transaction set as you yeah the same transaction set as you yeah. I don't know why anyone does that but I don't know why anyone does that but I don't know why anyone does that but. Protocol kind of has to handles this protocol kind of has to handles this protocol kind of has to handles this. Anyways sure yeah yeah and and and and anyways sure yeah yeah and and and and anyways sure yeah yeah and and and and. It does it'll it'll it'll it falls back it does it'll it'll it'll it falls back it does it'll it'll it'll it falls back. Gracefully it just it just is going to gracefully it just it just is going to gracefully it just it just is going to. Charge you more than you expected and charge you more than you expected and charge you more than you expected and. Then you'll transaction would fail okay then you'll transaction would fail okay then you'll transaction would fail okay. But it's a I I'll document that in the but it's a I I'll document that in the but it's a I I'll document that in the. Cap yeah yeah just yeah y else okay that was easy one so I guess else okay that was easy one so I guess. We move on to the next one yeah it doesn't look like there are one yeah it doesn't look like there are. Any any any questions so Dimo if you want to get questions so Dimo if you want to get. Questions so Dimo if you want to get started started started yeah yeah yeah type okay yeah . Type okay yeah type okay yeah so yeah C 64 it's actually the cab so yeah C 64 it's actually the cab. So yeah C 64 it's actually the cab itself is not that hard uation and itself is not that hard uation and. Itself is not that hard uation and implementation wise but I guess the implementation wise but I guess the. Implementation wise but I guess the discussion Ser more around the discussion Ser more around the. Discussion Ser more around the requirements from what are trying to Sol requirements from what are trying to Sol. Requirements from what are trying to Sol here here here so for some background memos are an. So for some background memos are an so for some background memos are an element of every transaction every. Element of every transaction every element of every transaction every store transaction that are almost. Store transaction that are almost store transaction that are almost nonobservable by the protocol the only. Nonobservable by the protocol the only nonobservable by the protocol the only thing that protocol does with. Thing that protocol does with thing that protocol does with transactions is well it is it has will. Transactions is well it is it has will transactions is well it is it has will be signed as a part of the transaction. Be signed as a part of the transaction be signed as a part of the transaction envel but otherwise memory is just some. Envel but otherwise memory is just some envel but otherwise memory is just some arbitrary payload that protocol has no. Arbitrary payload that protocol has no arbitrary payload that protocol has no concerns thinking. Concerns thinking concerns thinking about and about and about and it would be fine if like it was just. it would be fine if like it was just it would be fine if like it was just an arbitrary thing that has no value. An arbitrary thing that has no value an arbitrary thing that has no value attached to it maybe it's for marketing. Attached to it maybe it's for marketing attached to it maybe it's for marketing transactions or something but it happens. Transactions or something but it happens transactions or something but it happens. That so that exchanges are used that so that exchanges are used that so that exchanges are used. Memers from for multiaction even though memers from for multiaction even though memers from for multiaction even though. A currency store has soal nukes a currency store has soal nukes a currency store has soal nukes. Accounts which allow single public key accounts which allow single public key accounts which allow single public key. Have huge amount of different sub have huge amount of different sub have huge amount of different sub. Accounts that are not represented on accounts that are not represented on accounts that are not represented on. Chain but can be marked by some chain but can be marked by some chain but can be marked by some. Integer integer integer identifier for historical reasons identifier for historical reasons . Identifier for historical reasons most of the exchanges are just using the most of the exchanges are just using the. Most of the exchanges are just using the transaction memers and the way it works transaction memers and the way it works. Transaction memers and the way it works is that when you want to is that when you want to. Is that when you want to deposit tokens from your own vet to deposit tokens from your own vet to. Deposit tokens from your own vet to then change account exchange would then change account exchange would. Then change account exchange would give you two values to consider when give you two values to consider when. Give you two values to consider when making a transaction the first value is making a transaction the first value is. Making a transaction the first value is well the destination account which is a well the destination account which is a. Well the destination account which is a normal store account and the second normal store account and the second. Normal store account and the second value is memo usually some integer that value is memo usually some integer that. Value is memo usually some integer that is assigned to your account on that is assigned to your account on that. Is assigned to your account on that exchange so basically in this way can exchange so basically in this way can. Exchange so basically in this way can maintain only a few public is they maintain only a few public is they. Maintain only a few public is they don't need to create a new account for don't need to create a new account for. Don't need to create a new account for every user and for store it's actually every user and for store it's actually. Every user and for store it's actually very meaningful because on St there are very meaningful because on St there are. Very meaningful because on St there are no State less accounts like since the no State less accounts like since the. No State less accounts like since the account is not just a public key but account is not just a public key but. Account is not just a public key but literally a wer entry so you need to literally a wer entry so you need to. Literally a wer entry so you need to create it first so it makes perfect create it first so it makes perfect. Create it first so it makes perfect sense that exchange just runs this sense that exchange just runs this. Sense that exchange just runs this offchain multiflection for redution the offchain multiflection for redution the. Offchain multiflection for redution the overall version for maintaining overall version for maintaining . Overall version for maintaining large sets of users that's kind of the large sets of users that's kind of the. Large sets of users that's kind of the historical background then exchanges do historical background then exchanges do. Historical background then exchanges do use MOS For Better or Worse mied use MOS For Better or Worse mied. Use MOS For Better or Worse mied accounts are like more modern way to do accounts are like more modern way to do. Accounts are like more modern way to do that but not actually being used not that but not actually being used not. That but not actually being used not that much then when tan came out that much then when tan came out . That much then when tan came out it didn't care about memos for the it didn't care about memos for the. It didn't care about memos for the reason mentioned before like from the reason mentioned before like from the. Reason mentioned before like from the protocal perspective on paper M do n protocal perspective on paper M do n . Protocal perspective on paper M do n and this actually spawn kind of a and this actually spawn kind of a. And this actually spawn kind of a vulnerability if anyone wanted to use vulnerability if anyone wanted to use. Vulnerability if anyone wanted to use mammas in the context of the mammas in the context of the. Mammas in the context of the exchanges with San and I think exchanges with San and I think. Exchanges with San and I think there is a there is a there is a security security. Security there is post in the security there is post in the security there is post in the security. Sections of tore the advisory sections of tore the advisory sections of tore the advisory. regarding this issue I probably will regarding this issue I probably will regarding this issue I probably will. Not talk much about it because like not not talk much about it because like not not talk much about it because like not. Super relevant because like it has been super relevant because like it has been super relevant because like it has been. Fixed and fixed and fixed and no one has been affected but the gist no one has been affected but the gist. no one has been affected but the gist of it is that it is not of it is that it is not. Of it is that it is not possible for a custom account to sign possible for a custom account to sign. Possible for a custom account to sign for the transaction for the transaction for the transaction. Memo memo memo and what this means is that for example and what this means is that for example. And what this means is that for example imagine you wanted to deposit imagine you wanted to deposit. Imagine you wanted to deposit money to The Exchange from your customer money to The Exchange from your customer. Money to The Exchange from your customer account even if exchange could take St account even if exchange could take St. Account even if exchange could take St band payments without any issues you band payments without any issues you. Band payments without any issues you actually have no way to sign the mem of actually have no way to sign the mem of. Actually have no way to sign the mem of the transaction and if you recall the the transaction and if you recall the. The transaction and if you recall the your account on Exchange your deposit your account on Exchange your deposit. Your account on Exchange your deposit deposit into to is actually combination deposit into to is actually combination. Deposit into to is actually combination of the some public key so the account of the some public key so the account. Of the some public key so the account and a memo and yeah when when you're and a memo and yeah when when you're. And a memo and yeah when when you're making a sban transfer there is simply making a sban transfer there is simply. Making a sban transfer there is simply no way to sign for the memo and in the no way to sign for the memo and in the. No way to sign for the memo and in the context of vulnerabilities that means context of vulnerabilities that means. Context of vulnerabilities that means that well if you were to attach your that well if you were to attach your. That well if you were to attach your off for the transfer to some to off for the transfer to some to. Off for the transfer to some to transaction with the memo the store transaction with the memo the store. Transaction with the memo the store transaction by definition is signed by transaction by definition is signed by. Transaction by definition is signed by some classic account because well your some classic account because well your. Some classic account because well your transfer is a thrand transfer from a transfer is a thrand transfer from a. Transfer is a thrand transfer from a custom account and unfortunately as of custom account and unfortunately as of. Custom account and unfortunately as of today it cannot sign for the whole today it cannot sign for the whole. Today it cannot sign for the whole transaction and then anyone could transaction and then anyone could. Transaction and then anyone could take your San off for the transfer and take your San off for the transfer and. Take your San off for the transfer and attach it to a different transaction attach it to a different transaction. Attach it to a different transaction with a different member it is with a different member it is. With a different member it is obviously vulnerability but if you think obviously vulnerability but if you think. Obviously vulnerability but if you think about it like it is kind of unlikely about it like it is kind of unlikely. About it like it is kind of unlikely that this situation would come up in the that this situation would come up in the. That this situation would come up in the first place because well as I mentioned first place because well as I mentioned. First place because well as I mentioned like you literally cannot make a stun like you literally cannot make a stun. Like you literally cannot make a stun transfer is a memo so like the whole transfer is a memo so like the whole. Transfer is a memo so like the whole preconditions to this situation preconditions to this situation. Preconditions to this situation situation I kind of you're like you need situation I kind of you're like you need. Situation I kind of you're like you need have two account both of each must be have two account both of each must be. Have two account both of each must be fasted and only one of them is set in fasted and only one of them is set in. Fasted and only one of them is set in memo other one is not set in memo other one is not set in. Memo other one is not set in memo so that's kind of the state of memo so that's kind of the state of. Memo so that's kind of the state of the things and the way like the the things and the way like the. The things and the way like the protocol deals with the if you protocol deals with the if you. Protocol deals with the if you potentially shooting yourself in direct potentially shooting yourself in direct. Potentially shooting yourself in direct by us memers with San transactions in by us memers with San transactions in. By us memers with San transactions in the exchange context that car simply the exchange context that car simply. The exchange context that car simply does not allow such transactions does not allow such transactions. Does not allow such transactions to be present in The to be present in The to be present in The. Ledger they rejected before entering Ledger they rejected before entering Ledger they rejected before entering. The the the mle but we still want to have some mle but we still want to have some. Mle but we still want to have some solution for interacting with the solution for interacting with the. Solution for interacting with the exchanges using the custom exchanges using the custom. Exchanges using the custom account and C 64 is about like the most account and C 64 is about like the most. Account and C 64 is about like the most straightforward kind of solution straightforward kind of solution. Straightforward kind of solution there is hopefully the least necessary there is hopefully the least necessary. There is hopefully the least necessary amount of work for exp me to support amount of work for exp me to support. Amount of work for exp me to support because it uses the old ways of using because it uses the old ways of using. Because it uses the old ways of using memos it just makes them usable from the memos it just makes them usable from the. Memos it just makes them usable from the San point and the way it makes meem San point and the way it makes meem. San point and the way it makes meem usable from the San point is very usable from the San point is very. Usable from the San point is very straightforward you just find as a straightforward you just find as a. Straightforward you just find as a part of your San pres payload you may part of your San pres payload you may. Part of your San pres payload you may set some memo that you expect to be set some memo that you expect to be. Set some memo that you expect to be present in the transaction and this present in the transaction and this. Present in the transaction and this signs for it explicitly when you are signs for it explicitly when you are. Signs for it explicitly when you are building your signature building your signature. Building your signature P it's basically makes it so you P it's basically makes it so you. P it's basically makes it so you actually now can Cree the suran transfer actually now can Cree the suran transfer. Actually now can Cree the suran transfer operation from customer account to some operation from customer account to some. Operation from customer account to some arbitrary exchange the account and your arbitrary exchange the account and your. Arbitrary exchange the account and your signature will also be a signature of signature will also be a signature of. Signature will also be a signature of your memo and then this us payot will your memo and then this us payot will. Your memo and then this us payot will only be valid if it is a part of only be valid if it is a part of. Only be valid if it is a part of transaction that as a match in memo so transaction that as a match in memo so. Transaction that as a match in memo so well you still need to have two accounts well you still need to have two accounts. Well you still need to have two accounts so need to kind of trust there is no way. So need to kind of trust there is no way so need to kind of trust there is no way. To actually prevent the prevent to actually prevent the prevent to actually prevent the prevent. There is no way to take your o that there is no way to take your o that there is no way to take your o that. You sign foran and attach it to a you sign foran and attach it to a you sign foran and attach it to a. Transaction with a different memo and transaction with a different memo and transaction with a different memo and. There is basically no way to make the there is basically no way to make the there is basically no way to make the. Transfer not go where it was supposed to transfer not go where it was supposed to. Transfer not go where it was supposed to go and obviously the next step would go and obviously the next step would. Go and obviously the next step would be like if you were to implement it be like if you were to implement it. Be like if you were to implement it I must make it clear like even if I must make it clear like even if. I must make it clear like even if you were to use it like there is no you were to use it like there is no. You were to use it like there is no guarantee that exchanges will support it guarantee that exchanges will support it. Guarantee that exchanges will support it but at least in order to support that but at least in order to support that. But at least in order to support that they just need they just need they just need. To increase the scope of the to increase the scope of the to increase the scope of the. Transactions that are that they transactions that are that they transactions that are that they. Monitoring like because I would imagine monitoring like because I would imagine monitoring like because I would imagine. Like on a high level okay don't have like on a high level okay don't have like on a high level okay don't have. Access to your code obviously but on a access to your code obviously but on a access to your code obviously but on a. High level what they would do is they high level what they would do is they. High level what they would do is they would look at the intern in of would look at the intern in of. Would look at the intern in of transactions somehow identify the transactions somehow identify the. Transactions somehow identify the payment and then look at the payment payment and then look at the payment. Payment and then look at the payment transaction and identify the memo is transaction and identify the memo is. Transaction and identify the memo is this change they need to also look at this change they need to also look at. This change they need to also look at the Rob on transer the Rob on transer the Rob on transer. Operations again mattera should look operations again mattera should look operations again mattera should look. The same in terms of like having the the same in terms of like having the the same in terms of like having the . Balance of the account increased then balance of the account increased then . Balance of the account increased then is in exactly the same place of the is in exactly the same place of the. Is in exactly the same place of the transaction as it for classic so this transaction as it for classic so this. Transaction as it for classic so this is a cap is a cap is a cap  .  the payment operations to C address the payment operations to C address. the payment operations to C address it is like a an it is like a an it is like a an. Opposite basically when you think of opposite basically when you think of opposite basically when you think of. Interaction with the exchanges to interaction with the exchanges to interaction with the exchanges to. Operations you want to support it's are operations you want to support it's are operations you want to support it's are. Deposits and withdrawal mean deposit is deposits and withdrawal mean deposit is deposits and withdrawal mean deposit is. I have my vet I want to send money to I have my vet I want to send money to I have my vet I want to send money to. The Exchange and The Exchange and The Exchange and then do some trading on the then do some trading on the. Then do some trading on the exchange and withdrawal means I have exchange and withdrawal means I have. Exchange and withdrawal means I have some balance token on my non some balance token on my non. Some balance token on my non noncustodial exchange account and I want noncustodial exchange account and I want. Noncustodial exchange account and I want to move it back to my crypto wet that I to move it back to my crypto wet that I. To move it back to my crypto wet that I own this is withdraw and payments to C own this is withdraw and payments to C. Own this is withdraw and payments to C address are actually about supporting address are actually about supporting. Address are actually about supporting this DS so it is kind of related but this DS so it is kind of related but. This DS so it is kind of related but it's not in scope of this C and it's not in scope of this C and . It's not in scope of this C and I'm I'm not sure like you're doing it I'm I'm not sure like you're doing it. I'm I'm not sure like you're doing it for this protocol or we doing this all for this protocol or we doing this all. For this protocol or we doing this all but current cap is specifically about but current cap is specifically about. but current cap is specifically about the the the deposits yeah so this is basically. Deposits yeah so this is basically deposits yeah so this is basically what is proposed and there are. What is proposed and there are what is proposed and there are obviously Alternatives such as like hey. Obviously Alternatives such as like hey obviously Alternatives such as like hey why not use nuk's accounts and as I. Why not use nuk's accounts and as I why not use nuk's accounts and as I mentioned L ex changes don't affort them. Mentioned L ex changes don't affort them mentioned L ex changes don't affort them. Anyway anyway anyway then hey why not come up with a solution then hey why not come up with a solution. Then hey why not come up with a solution for Tran multi Flexin and again for Tran multi Flexin and again. For Tran multi Flexin and again exchanges don't use it yet and it is e exchanges don't use it yet and it is e. Exchanges don't use it yet and it is e compling and U it probably requires much compling and U it probably requires much. Compling and U it probably requires much more design work and which is no very more design work and which is no very. More design work and which is no very obvious way of how to do motortion with obvious way of how to do motortion with. Obvious way of how to do motortion with turbance it is also meaningful so turbance it is also meaningful so . Turbance it is also meaningful so what this C does is basically kind of what this C does is basically kind of. What this C does is basically kind of fixes an immediate issue we have but it fixes an immediate issue we have but it. Fixes an immediate issue we have but it does not close the doors for future does not close the doors for future. Does not close the doors for future modifications or coming up with the new modifications or coming up with the new. Modifications or coming up with the new ways of M reflection accounts and for ways of M reflection accounts and for. Ways of M reflection accounts and for on but this one seem like the best on but this one seem like the best. On but this one seem like the best thing we could do that is like it has thing we could do that is like it has. Thing we could do that is like it has probably the biggest to up is the probably the biggest to up is the. Probably the biggest to up is the existing infrastructure UC approaches existing infrastructure UC approaches. Existing infrastructure UC approaches that that that are out there are out there . Are out there everything like like other solutions everything like like other solutions. Everything like like other solutions would be probably much more Divergent would be probably much more Divergent. Would be probably much more Divergent from what happens now and kind of from what happens now and kind of. From what happens now and kind of releases the and adoption okay I releases the and adoption okay I. Releases the and adoption okay I think just it for the overview now think just it for the overview now. Think just it for the overview now this my yes Mamas and events are currently. yes Mamas and events are currently not specified by exist cap does not not specified by exist cap does not . Not specified by exist cap does not talk about the events which makes sense talk about the events which makes sense. Talk about the events which makes sense it is about mem memers but the cap that it is about mem memers but the cap that. It is about mem memers but the cap that we have to edit for the next week that we have to edit for the next week that. We have to edit for the next week that is two under the active discussion is is two under the active discussion is. Is two under the active discussion is about trying to generalize the events about trying to generalize the events. About trying to generalize the events between classic and San so meet between classic and San so meet . Between classic and San so meet metadata protic operations in they metadata protic operations in they. Metadata protic operations in they format that you don't need to write format that you don't need to write. Format that you don't need to write custom person Logic for classic custom person Logic for classic. Custom person Logic for classic andand and andand and andand and may be a part of this event stream in. May be a part of this event stream in may be a part of this event stream in some some. Some Cas Cas Cas but yeah I don't know if they want but yeah I don't know if they want. but yeah I don't know if they want to discuss this now or not the part we to discuss this now or not the part we. To discuss this now or not the part we have disc yeah and yes yeah and yes. In General on more I guess the main phos in General on more I guess the main phos. In General on more I guess the main phos question about this C question about this C. Question about this C is want not support members at all is want not support members at all . Is want not support members at all because they're kind of bad and people because they're kind of bad and people. Because they're kind of bad and people have isses SYM and I think there is have isses SYM and I think there is. Have isses SYM and I think there is some mar Just because of D reasons and some mar Just because of D reasons and. Some mar Just because of D reasons and if other folk disagrees andbe Pi up in the chat maybe someone wants to camp. In the chat maybe someone wants to camp on the stage may be as well call Caper still has mem in the. call Caper still has mem in the system domain yes system domain yes system domain yes. It's basically I would say my opinion it's basically I would say my opinion it's basically I would say my opinion. This is that this is that this is that memers do exist and they are in use memers do exist and they are in use. memers do exist and they are in use for now for better worse and it makes for now for better worse and it makes. For now for better worse and it makes sense for San to support them for the sense for San to support them for the. Sense for San to support them for the time being if we have a better generic time being if we have a better generic. Time being if we have a better generic solution for that we probably should solution for that we probably should. Solution for that we probably should try to come up with this separately and try to come up with this separately and. Try to come up with this separately and just try to the CRI so my expectation is just try to the CRI so my expectation is. Just try to the CRI so my expectation is that it will take a long time before I that it will take a long time before I. That it will take a long time before I this P it deated to if anyone wants to speak up maybe face. If anyone wants to speak up maybe face because creting though everyone is because creting though everyone is. Because creting though everyone is typing sounds like there's sounds like there's. A there's more to discuss related to a there's more to discuss related to a there's more to discuss related to. The the memos but it doesn't it it the the memos but it doesn't it it. The the memos but it doesn't it it should affect cap 64 right yeah I feel should affect cap 64 right yeah I feel. Should affect cap 64 right yeah I feel like yeah they when discussion can be like yeah they when discussion can be. Like yeah they when discussion can be contined synchronously but before contined synchronously but before. contined synchronously but before I move on like I just want to ask I move on like I just want to ask. I move on like I just want to ask everyone again like if anyone has any everyone again like if anyone has any. Everyone again like if anyone has any strong opinions in terms of why you strong opinions in terms of why you. Strong opinions in terms of why you shouldn't do cap shouldn't do cap shouldn't do cap. 64 go now yeah great yeah is I understand the yeah great yeah is I understand the. Cap 64 as it is is very very narrow the cap 64 as it is is very very narrow the cap 64 as it is is very very narrow the. The use case is it's hyper focused on the use case is it's hyper focused on the use case is it's hyper focused on. Addressing the addressing the addressing the existing classic use case and it's existing classic use case and it's. Existing classic use case and it's really surgical just to address the really surgical just to address the. Really surgical just to address the problem there is there and I problem there is there and I. Problem there is there and I understand like you know toas bring understand like you know toas bring. Understand like you know toas bring out you know why not solve this in a out you know why not solve this in a. Out you know why not solve this in a way way way that works for more than that. yeah yeah and I get that I guess my question is and I get that I guess my question is. And I get that I guess my question is like there are some advantages so even I. Like there are some advantages so even I like there are some advantages so even I. Mean obviously like if we can solve this mean obviously like if we can solve this. Mean obviously like if we can solve this in a more generic way that would be in a more generic way that would be. In a more generic way that would be pretty cool and I we probably can but pretty cool and I we probably can but. Pretty cool and I we probably can but there are also some advantages if we do there are also some advantages if we do. There are also some advantages if we do solve it really solve it really solve it really. Surgically because we sort of can rework surgically because we sort of can rework. Surgically because we sort of can rework back to the transaction memo being back to the transaction memo being. Back to the transaction memo being something that you can rely something that you can rely. Something that you can rely on and so I think that's valuable but maybe so I think that's valuable but maybe. That's not valuable so I'm not actually that's not valuable so I'm not actually that's not valuable so I'm not actually. Sure to if you're saying that that's sure to if you're saying that that's sure to if you're saying that that's. Actually not as valuable as what I think actually not as valuable as what I think. Actually not as valuable as what I think it's valuable or what some other of us it's valuable or what some other of us. It's valuable or what some other of us think is think is think is valuable if we do think that's. Valuable if we do think that's valuable if we do think that's valuable is there anything about this. Valuable is there anything about this valuable is there anything about this. Proposal that prevents us from loosening proposal that prevents us from loosening. Proposal that prevents us from loosening this constraint in the future like if we. This constraint in the future like if we this constraint in the future like if we. Go ahead with this proposal the go ahead with this proposal the go ahead with this proposal the. Network adops the proposal and network adops the proposal and network adops the proposal and. Transaction memers what exchanges can Transaction memers what exchanges can Transaction memers what exchanges can. Continue to rely on continue to rely on continue to rely on in a year from now or six months from. in a year from now or six months from in a year from now or six months from now can we loosen the requirements so now can we loosen the requirements so now can we loosen the requirements so. That every or can have its own memo or that every or can have its own memo or that every or can have its own memo or. Every transfer can have its own memo or every transfer can have its own memo or every transfer can have its own memo or. Something like that like is that are we something like that like is that are we something like that like is that are we. Are we sort of going down a path where are we sort of going down a path where are we sort of going down a path where. It's going to be really difficult to it's going to be really difficult to it's going to be really difficult to. Walk walk walk back right so there are Thal things back right so there are Thal things. Back right so there are Thal things here let me start with the why don't here let me start with the why don't. Here let me start with the why don't we drop the requirement for text we drop the requirement for text. We drop the requirement for text member to my that transaction m member to my that transaction m. Member to my that transaction m I don't think it's a good idea I don't think it's a good idea. I don't think it's a good idea because unlike the memo basically the because unlike the memo basically the. Because unlike the memo basically the transaction memo and You observe a transaction memo and You observe a. Transaction memo and You observe a successful transaction without doing any successful transaction without doing any. Successful transaction without doing any additional work you can say that additional work you can say that . Additional work you can say that parties have all the parties have times parties have all the parties have times. Parties have all the parties have times this memo and in case of app 64 you can this memo and in case of app 64 you can. This memo and in case of app 64 you can also say that the Rel or par have time also say that the Rel or par have time. Also say that the Rel or par have time for this member as for this member as for this member as. Well if you have a well if you have a well if you have a transaction that has some s on o and. Transaction that has some s on o and transaction that has some s on o and there is no requirement for the memers. There is no requirement for the memers there is no requirement for the memers to mat the transaction memo when you're. To mat the transaction memo when you're to mat the transaction memo when you're looking at the transaction you cannot. Looking at the transaction you cannot looking at the transaction you cannot tell anything about the nature of this. Tell anything about the nature of this tell anything about the nature of this payLo because. PayLo because payLo because like besides like minor space like besides like minor space. Like besides like minor space optimization I think the main conten optimization I think the main conten. Optimization I think the main conten this comes up in is ay why don't we use this comes up in is ay why don't we use. This comes up in is ay why don't we use it for to allow something like it for to allow something like . It for to allow something like payments to payments to payments to multiple multiple ex destinations at. Multiple multiple ex destinations at multiple multiple ex destinations at once in the same transaction well the. Once in the same transaction well the once in the same transaction well the issue is is that if you keep relying on. Issue is is that if you keep relying on issue is is that if you keep relying on the. The the transaction like in case of memos you transaction like in case of memos you. Transaction like in case of memos you actually don't have any confidence for actually don't have any confidence for. Actually don't have any confidence for any given us the it has been used and any given us the it has been used and. Any given us the it has been used and the member has actually made the P go the member has actually made the P go. The member has actually made the P go through and so on so basically through and so on so basically. Through and so on so basically you put a lot more Demand on find all you put a lot more Demand on find all. you put a lot more Demand on find all that pieces of data together Downstream that pieces of data together Downstream. That pieces of data together Downstream system so not only do they need to jump system so not only do they need to jump. System so not only do they need to jump from the event to the transaction but from the event to the transaction but. From the event to the transaction but they also need to make sure that there they also need to make sure that there. They also need to make sure that there are events for every us present in the are events for every us present in the. Are events for every us present in the transaction and transaction and transaction and. Everything matches it inst nothing everything matches it inst nothing everything matches it inst nothing. Basically yeah there is no extra P or basically yeah there is no extra P or. Basically yeah there is no extra P or something and something and something and. I think it's really food guy and like if I think it's really food guy and like if. I think it's really food guy and like if someone forgets about this tck and they someone forgets about this tck and they. Someone forgets about this tck and they can be tricked into thinking that can be tricked into thinking that. Can be tricked into thinking that something has been transferred to something has been transferred to. Something has been transferred to them by attaching an extra entry of them by attaching an extra entry of. Them by attaching an extra entry of tbos with some extra memo maybe you know tbos with some extra memo maybe you know. Tbos with some extra memo maybe you know might as a destination account of some might as a destination account of some. Might as a destination account of some methods in there something so basically methods in there something so basically. Methods in there something so basically it is like given that s us is really it is like given that s us is really. It is like given that s us is really flexible because like really it has to flexible because like really it has to. Flexible because like really it has to support custom accounts and you do not support custom accounts and you do not. Support custom accounts and you do not verify it beforehand you can only verify verify it beforehand you can only verify. Verify it beforehand you can only verify it during the execution actually been it during the execution actually been. It during the execution actually been consumed I don't think it's a good consumed I don't think it's a good. Consumed I don't think it's a good idea to just put memo in there idea to just put memo in there . Idea to just put memo in there without any size to the actual without any size to the actual. Without any size to the actual transaction but so here basically like transaction but so here basically like. Transaction but so here basically like the fact that the T the transaction M the fact that the T the transaction M. The fact that the T the transaction M ures the fact that like there is no ures the fact that like there is no. Ures the fact that like there is no ambiguities there in terms of like ambiguities there in terms of like. Ambiguities there in terms of like memers are actually getting and I memers are actually getting and I I. Memers are actually getting and I recognize it's really restrictive but I recognize it's really restrictive but I. Recognize it's really restrictive but I think it's also for the better for now think it's also for the better for now. Think it's also for the better for now and for a more General solution I and for a more General solution I. And for a more General solution I think it should have something to do think it should have something to do. Think it should have something to do this day event that you don't need to do this day event that you don't need to do. This day event that you don't need to do any work Downstream trying to figure out. Any work Downstream trying to figure out any work Downstream trying to figure out. Like if this is the right memo right like if this is the right memo right like if this is the right memo right. M reflection ad for this particular M reflection ad for this particular M reflection ad for this particular. Event I think instead event should event I think instead event should event I think instead event should. Explicitly tell what is this mul ID explicitly tell what is this mul ID explicitly tell what is this mul ID . That confirms this particular event and that confirms this particular event and that confirms this particular event and. I think this is why this whole I think this is why this whole I think this is why this whole. Discussion about the events have turned discussion about the events have turned discussion about the events have turned. Up because like if you were to come up up because like if you were to come up up because like if you were to come up. With solution that is event based with solution that is event based with solution that is event based. Then it will probably make sense to also then it will probably make sense to also. Then it will probably make sense to also involve the current members the events involve the current members the events. Involve the current members the events to just keep the scem across all the to just keep the scem across all the. To just keep the scem across all the different types of operations okay different types of operations okay. Different types of operations okay now I need to read the comments now I need to read the comments. Now I need to read the comments again and yeah I think if yeah to the again and yeah I think if yeah to the. Again and yeah I think if yeah to the question if we can relax this question if we can relax this. Question if we can relax this requirement I like given the security requirement I like given the security. Requirement I like given the security implications I not sure it is a good implications I not sure it is a good. Implications I not sure it is a good idea but again just said I'm not sure idea but again just said I'm not sure. Idea but again just said I'm not sure it's a good idea in I think you need a it's a good idea in I think you need a. It's a good idea in I think you need a bit PR approach bit PR approach bit PR approach. unless of course we figure out how to unless of course we figure out how to. unless of course we figure out how to TI The Memo from the ask and to the TI The Memo from the ask and to the. TI The Memo from the ask and to the event and the sure it is event and the sure it is. Event and the sure it is possible at all so if a question about so if a question about. Like centralized exchanges would need to like centralized exchanges would need to. Like centralized exchanges would need to make some code changes either without make some code changes either without. Make some code changes either without change we is that without that memo change we is that without that memo. Change we is that without that memo change we actually basically some sort of M support is a. basically some sort of M support is a requirement to support deposits like requirement to support deposits like. Requirement to support deposits like it's not the only thing to do but it it's not the only thing to do but it. It's not the only thing to do but it is a requirement because if they can is a requirement because if they can. Is a requirement because if they can of do multiflection I think it is very of do multiflection I think it is very. Of do multiflection I think it is very far to ask them to create an actual far to ask them to create an actual. Far to ask them to create an actual physical account for every user and physical account for every user and. Physical account for every user and accable for the network well so accable for the network well so. Accable for the network well so basically like if you don't propose any basically like if you don't propose any. Basically like if you don't propose any multiaction solution at all I multiaction solution at all I. Multiaction solution at all I think there is no way to ask ches to think there is no way to ask ches to. Think there is no way to ask ches to implement anything we need this implement anything we need this. Implement anything we need this something and the the argument for this something and the the argument for this. Something and the the argument for this cap is that well this Fon is very close cap is that well this Fon is very close. Cap is that well this Fon is very close to what they already doing whereas if to what they already doing whereas if. To what they already doing whereas if you try to come up with some another you try to come up with some another. You try to come up with some another more General system that's also more General system that's also. More General system that's also contingent and adapting so this whole contingent and adapting so this whole. Contingent and adapting so this whole system whatever it is I don't know yet system whatever it is I don't know yet. System whatever it is I don't know yet that's what it that's what it that's what it. Is is is  going going    ont try some context like a recter may. try some context like a recter may have been some discussion here on have been some discussion here on. Have been some discussion here on Discord about supporting mixed accounts Discord about supporting mixed accounts. Discord about supporting mixed accounts in San in in San in in San in general general. General and the trickiest thing about any sort and the trickiest thing about any sort. And the trickiest thing about any sort of multile seran and the reason for why of multile seran and the reason for why. Of multile seran and the reason for why we are not like coming in with some we are not like coming in with some. We are not like coming in with some maybe more generic multilex maybe more generic multilex. Maybe more generic multilex app you're not coming out with one app you're not coming out with one. App you're not coming out with one yet is that since in yet is that since in. Yet is that since in sban you kind of manage your own sban you kind of manage your own. Sban you kind of manage your own storage it is pry to distinguish storage it is pry to distinguish. Storage it is pry to distinguish between cases when you do care about between cases when you do care about. Between cases when you do care about multiflection and you don't care about multiflection and you don't care about. Multiflection and you don't care about mation for example consider a classic mation for example consider a classic. Mation for example consider a classic mixed account let's say you have a mixed account let's say you have a. Mixed account let's say you have a transfer let's say we just add it to the transfer let's say we just add it to the. Transfer let's say we just add it to the thron address well when you throw the. Thron address well when you throw the thron address well when you throw the. Balance in your for example in your balance in your for example in your balance in your for example in your. Custom tokens for Multiplex account then custom tokens for Multiplex account then. Custom tokens for Multiplex account then you specifically want all the multi you specifically want all the multi. You specifically want all the multi account for the for time there the same account for the for time there the same. Account for the for time there the same key but when you're in an event you key but when you're in an event you. Key but when you're in an event you specifically want the event to cons to specifically want the event to cons to. Specifically want the event to cons to contain the multiplex account contain the multiplex account. Contain the multiplex account destination and when you verifying us destination and when you verifying us. Destination and when you verifying us you also want to make sure that you're you also want to make sure that you're. You also want to make sure that you're sending that the transfer happen to the sending that the transfer happen to the. Sending that the transfer happen to the exact Multiplex account that has exact Multiplex account that has. Exact Multiplex account that has been specified in the transaction and been specified in the transaction and . Been specified in the transaction and I'm going not show you there a generic I'm going not show you there a generic. I'm going not show you there a generic way of way of way of basically for for the contract. basically for for the contract basically for for the contract developer to be aware of like when they. Developer to be aware of like when they developer to be aware of like when they should or shouldn't treat accounts as. Should or shouldn't treat accounts as should or shouldn't treat accounts as multilex and this is the primary reason. Multilex and this is the primary reason multilex and this is the primary reason why like mix accounts are not supported. Why like mix accounts are not supported why like mix accounts are not supported by San by turban at all today and . By San by turban at all today and by San by turban at all today and also is a reason for why like there's no. Also is a reason for why like there's no also is a reason for why like there's no. Great solution for Mar collection in great solution for Mar collection in great solution for Mar collection in. Foran yet foran yet foran yet but think but think but think function that is. Function that is function that is not doing anything the contract player not doing anything the contract player. Not doing anything the contract player maybe but again I'm not sure yet how maybe but again I'm not sure yet how. Maybe but again I'm not sure yet how would this work would this work would this work. Like there another argument for why like there another argument for why like there another argument for why. We have doing something simpler so right I think if like do we have right I think if like do we have. Anying topics that need to be discussed anying topics that need to be discussed anying topics that need to be discussed. Now because I guess we can continue as now because I guess we can continue as now because I guess we can continue as. The man Horizon discussion I think hly the man Horizon discussion I think hly the man Horizon discussion I think hly. yeah I'll leave a link to the discussion yeah I'll leave a link to the discussion. The chat and we can continue there but the chat and we can continue there but the chat and we can continue there but. It doesn't sound like there are any more it doesn't sound like there are any more. It doesn't sound like there are any more immediate questions for cap 64 at the immediate questions for cap 64 at the. Immediate questions for cap 64 at the moment moment moment yeah so HP yeah yeah let to force. yeah let to force I I've expressed my opinion we can I I've expressed my opinion we can. I I've expressed my opinion we can continue discussion the discussion continue discussion the discussion. Continue discussion the discussion that if some yeah we some yeah we can we can continue discussing and then. Can we can continue discussing and then can we can continue discussing and then that thread and sounds like that's it. That thread and sounds like that's it that thread and sounds like that's it. For for for today so thanks gr and Dima for today so thanks gr and Dima for. Today so thanks gr and Dima for presenting and thanks everyone for presenting and thanks everyone for. Presenting and thanks everyone for listening we'll see you next week listening we'll see you next week. Listening we'll see you next week unless Le George have any questions so unless Le George have any questions so. Unless Le George have any questions so typing all right that's it then see you next. All right that's it then see you next week.
