Today we're going to be talking about Today we're going to be talking about the Kelp GUI where anyone can create. The Kelp GUI where anyone can create the Kelp GUI where anyone can create crypto. My name is Nicholas Har and I'm. Crypto. My name is Nicholas Har and I'm crypto. My name is Nicholas Har and I'm one of the developers for the Stellar. One of the developers for the Stellar one of the developers for the Stellar Development Foundation. We're going to go over what is kelp, We're going to go over what is kelp, what is a Kelp GUI version one. We're. What is a Kelp GUI version one. We're what is a Kelp GUI version one. We're going to see some screenshots and then. Going to see some screenshots and then going to see some screenshots and then we're going going to go into a demo and. We're going going to go into a demo and we're going going to go into a demo and then have some time for questions later. Then have some time for questions later then have some time for questions later on. On. On. So what is kelp? Kalp is a trading bot So what is kelp? Kalp is a trading bot So what is kelp? Kalp is a trading bot. That has a command line interface. It that has a command line interface. It that has a command line interface. It. Was built for the Stellar decentralized was built for the Stellar decentralized was built for the Stellar decentralized. Exchange and later on we added support exchange and later on we added support exchange and later on we added support. For over 100 centralized exchanges. For over 100 centralized exchanges. For over 100 centralized exchanges. You can customize existing trading You can customize existing trading You can customize existing trading. Strategies with configuration files. Strategies with configuration files. Strategies with configuration files. Today we have four trading strategies. Today we have four trading strategies. Today we have four trading strategies. You can create new trading strategies by You can create new trading strategies by. You can create new trading strategies by writing your own code. Gelp is written writing your own code. Gelp is written. Writing your own code. Gelp is written in Golang. So any trading strategies in Golang. So any trading strategies. In Golang. So any trading strategies that you write would need to be written that you write would need to be written. That you write would need to be written in Golang today with the possibility of in Golang today with the possibility of. In Golang today with the possibility of supporting more languages in the future. Supporting more languages in the future. Supporting more languages in the future. We open sourced Kelp in the summer of We open sourced Kelp in the summer of We open sourced Kelp in the summer of. 2018. The Kelp GUI is a relatively newer The Kelp GUI is a relatively newer addition to Kelp. It is a GUI to manage. Addition to Kelp. It is a GUI to manage addition to Kelp. It is a GUI to manage multiple cut bot instances. Multiple cut bot instances. Multiple cut bot instances. Today, it does not work on centralized Today, it does not work on centralized Today, it does not work on centralized. Exchanges and only works on the Stellar exchanges and only works on the Stellar exchanges and only works on the Stella. Decentralized exchange. We start off with just one trading We start off with just one trading strategy to make it easier for people to. Strategy to make it easier for people to strategy to make it easier for people to. Learn how the UI works. You can't create learn how the UI works. You can't create. Learn how the UI works. You can't create new trading strategies today, but in the. New trading strategies today, but in the new trading strategies today, but in the. Future, any trading strategies that are future, any trading strategies that are future, any trading strategies that are. Created on kelp will automatically be created on kelp will automatically be created on kelp will automatically be. Supported by the UI. Supported by the UI. Supported by the UI. In addition to writing the back end for In addition to writing the back end for In addition to writing the back end for. The UI in Golang, we added support for the UI in Golang, we added support for the UI in Golang, we added support for. React for the front end. React for the front end. React for the front end. The UI was open sourced in the summer of The UI was open sourced in the summer of. The UI was open sourced in the summer of 2019 and only last month did we release 2019 and only last month did we release. 2019 and only last month did we release the first release candidate of the UI. The first release candidate of the UI. The first release candidate of the UI. We have an integration for the CCXT REST We have an integration for the CCXT REST. We have an integration for the CCXT REST server which gives you native access to server which gives you native access to. Server which gives you native access to data from all of those 100 exchanges data from all of those 100 exchanges. Data from all of those 100 exchanges directly into the UI without any directly into the UI without any. Directly into the UI without any additional installations. Additional installations. Additional installations. You can download it as a desktop You can download it as a desktop You can download it as a desktop. Application and very soon you will be application and very soon you will be application and very soon you will be. Able to run it in a hosted test net able to run it in a hosted test net able to run it in a hosted test net. Environment as well. So this is what kelp look like when you So this is what kelp look like when you first load the application. First load the application. First load the application. You have two options. The first one is You have two options. The first one is You have two options. The first one is. To autogenerate your first test bot. To autogenerate your first test bot. To autogenerate your first test bot. This is for people who are first-time This is for people who are first-time This is for people who are first-time. Users of kelp and gives them a starter users of kelp and gives them a starter users of kelp and gives them a starter. Bot that they can use. We have a video bot that they can use. We have a video bot that they can use. We have a video. That we uploaded with the blog post that we uploaded with the blog post that we uploaded with the blog post. Announcement of the kelp y that walks announcement of the kelp y that walks announcement of the kelp y that walks. You through creating your first test bot you through creating your first test bot. You through creating your first test bot through auto generation. Through auto generation. Through auto generation. The second option is to create your own The second option is to create your own The second option is to create your own. Bot, which gives you a little more bot, which gives you a little more bot, which gives you a little more. Controls over the parameters of your controls over the parameters of your controls over the parameters of your. Bot. On the top left, you can see the version On the top left, you can see the version. Being used for this UI, being used for this UI, being used for this UI, and you also have an option to quit the. And you also have an option to quit the and you also have an option to quit the application when you're done using it. This is a screen to create a new bot or This is a screen to create a new bot or to edit an existing bot. To edit an existing bot. To edit an existing bot. You enter your secret key over here and You enter your secret key over here and You enter your secret key over here and. You can see the corresponding public you can see the corresponding public you can see the corresponding public. Key. You enter the assets that you want key. You enter the assets that you want key. You enter the assets that you want. To trade. For XLM, you don't have any to trade. For XLM, you don't have any to trade. For XLM, you don't have any. Issuer. But for all other assets, you issuer. But for all other assets, you issuer. But for all other assets, you. Have an asset issuer. Have an asset issuer. Have an asset issuer. Coupon out here is just a token asset Coupon out here is just a token asset Coupon out here is just a token asset. That we use. This could represent that we use. This could represent that we use. This could represent. Anything. It is just a test market. This is the price feed section for the This is the price feed section for the buy sell strategy which is the the first. Buy sell strategy which is the the first buy sell strategy which is the the first. Strategy that you are allowed to use on strategy that you are allowed to use on strategy that you are allowed to use on. The UI. The UI. The UI. The price feed allows you to set the The price feed allows you to set the The price feed allows you to set the. Prices for the base asset and the quote prices for the base asset and the quote prices for the base asset and the quote. Asset described on the previous page. Asset described on the previous page. Asset described on the previous page. The base asset is always set as a The base asset is always set as a The base asset is always set as a. Numerator. In this case, because our numerator. In this case, because our numerator. In this case, because our. Base asset was XLM, we've chosen to base asset was XLM, we've chosen to base asset was XLM, we've chosen to. Price it as the XLM USDT price from price it as the XLM USDT price from price it as the XLM USDT price from. Binance under the centralized exchange Binance under the centralized exchange Binance under the centralized exchange. Section. And you can see a sample price section. And you can see a sample price section. And you can see a sample price. Out here in the screenshot. Out here in the screenshot. Out here in the screenshot. For the denominator, we're going to For the denominator, we're going to For the denominator, we're going to. Price the coupon asset as one unit of US price the coupon asset as one unit of US. Price the coupon asset as one unit of US dollar. So, we use the fixed value of dollar. So, we use the fixed value of. Dollar. So, we use the fixed value of 1.0. 1.0. 1.0. Again, coupon here is can represent any Again, coupon here is can represent any Again, coupon here is can represent any. Asset. For the purposes of this video asset. For the purposes of this video asset. For the purposes of this video. And this demo, we're going to be and this demo, we're going to be and this demo, we're going to be. Treating it as a US dollar. This box out here tells you what the This box out here tells you what the final calculation is of your price. You. Final calculation is of your price. You final calculation is of your price. You can see how the price is derived. We. Can see how the price is derived. We can see how the price is derived. We basically take the price of the XLM. Basically take the price of the XLM basically take the price of the XLM coupon market. We take the price of the. Coupon market. We take the price of the coupon market. We take the price of the numerator divided by the denominator. Numerator divided by the denominator numerator divided by the denominator and then we get the final price. The sentence makes it easier to The sentence makes it easier to understand how you are pricing the asset. Understand how you are pricing the asset understand how you are pricing the asset. Which we will go into more detail in the which we will go into more detail in the. Which we will go into more detail in the demo. Demo. Demo. At the end here, we have some levels At the end here, we have some levels At the end here, we have some levels. That tell you how you can price the that tell you how you can price the that tell you how you can price the. Different levels different levels different levels that spread out from the center mid. That spread out from the center mid that spread out from the center mid price that has been set over here of. Price that has been set over here of price that has been set over here of 06192. Once you've created a few bots, this is Once you've created a few bots, this is how your kelp application or your kelp. How your kelp application or your kelp how your kelp application or your kelp forest is going to look like. We have. Forest is going to look like. We have forest is going to look like. We have the first autogenerated bot of George. The first autogenerated bot of George the first autogenerated bot of George the auspicious octopus. We've created. The auspicious octopus. We've created the auspicious octopus. We've created two more bots, Harry the harmless habuka. Two more bots, Harry the harmless habuka two more bots, Harry the harmless habuka. And Jerry the unsightly shrimp. And Jerry the unsightly shrimp. And Jerry the unsightly shrimp. If you take a look on the left side, you If you take a look on the left side, you. If you take a look on the left side, you can see the markets and the balances of can see the markets and the balances of. Can see the markets and the balances of these bots for those tokens. So George these bots for those tokens. So George. These bots for those tokens. So George has about 9,799.99 has about 9,799.99 has about 9,799.99. Lumens and 1,0 coupon tokens. Lumens and 1,0 coupon tokens. Lumens and 1,0 coupon tokens. Similarly, Harry has is trading in the Similarly, Harry has is trading in the Similarly, Harry has is trading in the. Bitcoin and USD market and Harry has no Bitcoin and USD market and Harry has no Bitcoin and USD market and Harry has no. Balance in either of those markets. And balance in either of those markets. And balance in either of those markets. And. Jerry is trading in the Lumen BTC market Jerry is trading in the Lumen BTC market. Jerry is trading in the Lumen BTC market and has close to to 10,000 lumens. And has close to to 10,000 lumens. And has close to to 10,000 lumens. The spread for both of Harry and Jerry The spread for both of Harry and Jerry The spread for both of Harry and Jerry. Are negative one because no market are negative one because no market are negative one because no market. Exists. whereas George is currently exists. whereas George is currently exists. whereas George is currently. Running and has created a market with a running and has created a market with a running and has created a market with a. Spread close to 0.20%. Spread close to 0.20%. Spread close to 0.20%. This spread out here does not This spread out here does not This spread out here does not. Necessarily indicate the spread that necessarily indicate the spread that necessarily indicate the spread that. George is creating, but it is the spread George is creating, but it is the spread. George is creating, but it is the spread of the market. You can also see how often the bot is You can also see how often the bot is updated. This is a check on the last. Updated. This is a check on the last updated. This is a check on the last time that we got information about the. Time that we got information about the time that we got information about the spread and the bids and the asks for. Spread and the bids and the asks for spread and the bids and the asks for this given bot. This typically runs. This given bot. This typically runs this given bot. This typically runs about 5 seconds by default for the UI. About 5 seconds by default for the UI. About 5 seconds by default for the UI. If you click on the three button menu If you click on the three button menu If you click on the three button menu. Over here, you have the option to select over here, you have the option to select. Over here, you have the option to select to see the offers and the market for to see the offers and the market for. To see the offers and the market for this given bot and also the to edit the this given bot and also the to edit the. This given bot and also the to edit the bot if it is in the stop mode. You could bot if it is in the stop mode. You could. Bot if it is in the stop mode. You could also delete the bot if you wanted. Let's go ahead and see a demo of how the Let's go ahead and see a demo of how the. Bot works. So, I've started up the bot in my So, I've started up the bot in my machine machine. Machine and we see the first screen out here. And we see the first screen out here. And we see the first screen out here. So, I'm going to go ahead and create the So, I'm going to go ahead and create the. So, I'm going to go ahead and create the first bot manually. So we have Madison the glamorous So we have Madison the glamorous sawfish. Let's create a new secret key. Sawfish. Let's create a new secret key. Sawfish. Let's create a new secret key. So the So the So the bot will automatically create a new bot will automatically create a new. Bot will automatically create a new secret key for us and create the secret key for us and create the. Secret key for us and create the relevant trust lines. So we don't have relevant trust lines. So we don't have. Relevant trust lines. So we don't have to worry about that. To worry about that. To worry about that. Let's trade in the USD and euro market. Now we are trading on the test network Now we are trading on the test network out here and for simplicity let's use. Out here and for simplicity let's use out here and for simplicity let's use the default asset issuer that we have. So I'm going to paste that in both of So I'm going to paste that in both of these. These these token issuer spaces. Now, one advantage token issuer spaces. Now, one advantage. Token issuer spaces. Now, one advantage of using the default asset issuer is of using the default asset issuer is. Of using the default asset issuer is that the bot is going to create that the bot is going to create. That the bot is going to create and fund the account with 1,000 units of and fund the account with 1,000 units of. And fund the account with 1,000 units of each of these tokens. Each of these tokens. Each of these tokens. Now, if we go to the advanced settings, Now, if we go to the advanced settings, Now, if we go to the advanced settings,. We can see how often this bot runs. So, we can see how often this bot runs. So, we can see how often this bot runs. So,. By default, it runs once every 60 by default, it runs once every 60 by default, it runs once every 60. Seconds. For the purposes of this this seconds. For the purposes of this this seconds. For the purposes of this this. Demo, let's change this to 6 seconds. Demo, let's change this to 6 seconds. Demo, let's change this to 6 seconds. We also have a randomized delay by We also have a randomized delay by We also have a randomized delay by. Default, which is set to 15 seconds. Default, which is set to 15 seconds. Default, which is set to 15 seconds. Let's set that to zero for now. Let's set that to zero for now. Let's set that to zero for now. There are some more advanced settings There are some more advanced settings There are some more advanced settings. Out here, which I won't go into detail out here, which I won't go into detail out here, which I won't go into detail. For this video. When we want to price this market, When we want to price this market, let's try and set the best price for the. Let's try and set the best price for the let's try and set the best price for the. USD token. Now, because this is a dollar USD token. Now, because this is a dollar. USD token. Now, because this is a dollar and we're generally using the dollar and we're generally using the dollar. And we're generally using the dollar denominator values, we can actually just denominator values, we can actually just. Denominator values, we can actually just use a fixed price of one. Use a fixed price of one. Use a fixed price of one. However, for the denominator, we're However, for the denominator, we're However, for the denominator, we're. Pricing the euro token. For that, we pricing the euro token. For that, we pricing the euro token. For that, we. Actually want to use the price of the actually want to use the price of the actually want to use the price of the. Euro. So, let's go to fiat, which uses euro. So, let's go to fiat, which uses euro. So, let's go to fiat, which uses. The currency layer API. Let's select the currency layer API. Let's select the currency layer API. Let's select. Euro. Now, you notice that it says that the Now, you notice that it says that the price is missing. It also has an error. Price is missing. It also has an error price is missing. It also has an error message out here that says that we have. Message out here that says that we have message out here that says that we have an invalid API key. Of course, because. An invalid API key. Of course, because an invalid API key. Of course, because we don't have an API key out here. So,. We don't have an API key out here. So, we don't have an API key out here. So, I've signed up for a free account for. I've signed up for a free account for I've signed up for a free account for currency layer. So, I'm going to go. Currency layer. So, I'm going to go currency layer. So, I'm going to go ahead and use that key. Ahead and use that key. Ahead and use that key. I'm going to refresh this price. And as I'm going to refresh this price. And as I'm going to refresh this price. And as. You can see, the price is updated. It's you can see, the price is updated. It's you can see, the price is updated. It's. Always good to do a sanity check on the always good to do a sanity check on the always good to do a sanity check on the. Prices that you get over here because prices that you get over here because prices that you get over here because. These are the prices that the bot is these are the prices that the bot is these are the prices that the bot is. Going to see when it's running on a going to see when it's running on a going to see when it's running on a. Continuous basis. 1.088 as a price for the euro makes sense as a price for the euro makes sense. Because a euro is worth more than a because a euro is worth more than a because a euro is worth more than a. Dollar. Dollar. Dollar. Now, one thing to note about these price Now, one thing to note about these price. Now, one thing to note about these price feeds is that the this price that you feeds is that the this price that you. Feeds is that the this price that you see out here is not the price that is see out here is not the price that is. See out here is not the price that is hardcoded into the bot. The bot is going hardcoded into the bot. The bot is going. Hardcoded into the bot. The bot is going to run the same query at every time to run the same query at every time. To run the same query at every time interval that it runs, which we interval that it runs, which we. Interval that it runs, which we previously set to 6 seconds. So, it's previously set to 6 seconds. So, it's. Previously set to 6 seconds. So, it's going to get a price that moves with the going to get a price that moves with the. Going to get a price that moves with the market as you have set for this price market as you have set for this price. Market as you have set for this price feed. So, this is a very active and feed. So, this is a very active and. Feed. So, this is a very active and dynamic price feed. Dynamic price feed. Dynamic price feed. As you can see, we run the calculation As you can see, we run the calculation As you can see, we run the calculation. Of taking the net price that we will of taking the net price that we will of taking the net price that we will. Get, which is1 US divided by 1.0888 get, which is1 US divided by 1.0888 get, which is1 US divided by 1.0888. For the euro price, which gives us for the euro price, which gives us for the euro price, which gives us. 0.91844. The sentence helps explain that, which The sentence helps explain that, which is you are valuing one unit of the US. Is you are valuing one unit of the US is you are valuing one unit of the US dollar at 0.91844. Dollar at 0.91844 dollar at 0.91844 units of a euro. This makes sense units of a euro. This makes sense. Units of a euro. This makes sense because a euro is worth more than a US because a euro is worth more than a US. Because a euro is worth more than a US dollar. Now we come to the levels. By default, Now we come to the levels. By default, the bot starts out with four levels. Why don't we change these amounts to be Why don't we change these amounts to be 50 just for the purposes of this demo. And it's being set at a spread value of And it's being set at a spread value of 0.1%. 0.1% 0.1% from the mid price. Which means that the from the mid price. Which means that the. From the mid price. Which means that the bid ask spread is 0.2% here, 0.3% here, bid ask spread is 0.2% here, 0.3% here,. Bid ask spread is 0.2% here, 0.3% here, 0.4% and 0.5%. So this bot is now in the process of So this bot is now in the process of initializing which means that the. Initializing which means that the initializing which means that the application is creating the necessary. Application is creating the necessary application is creating the necessary trust lines and issuing the relevant. Trust lines and issuing the relevant trust lines and issuing the relevant assets to the the new secret key account. Assets to the the new secret key account assets to the the new secret key account. That we created. This usually takes a that we created. This usually takes a that we created. This usually takes a. Little bit of time and it seems like little bit of time and it seems like little bit of time and it seems like. We're done. So as you can see we have a we're done. So as you can see we have a we're done. So as you can see we have a. Th00and units of the of USD as well as th00and units of the of USD as well as th00and units of the of USD as well as. The euro. And if we hover over to this I the euro. And if we hover over to this I. The euro. And if we hover over to this I icon, we can see the asset issuer. Icon, we can see the asset issuer. Icon, we can see the asset issuer. And the spread, of course, is negative And the spread, of course, is negative And the spread, of course, is negative. One because we don't have a market yet. Now, let's create a second bot that is Now, let's create a second bot that is going to. Going to going to compete with the first bot before we compete with the first bot before we. Compete with the first bot before we start any of them. So, we're going to start any of them. So, we're going to. Start any of them. So, we're going to follow the same process, but I'm just going to do this a little. But I'm just going to do this a little quicker. We're going to set this to be around the We're going to set this to be around the. Same time interval just for the purpose same time interval just for the purpose same time interval just for the purpose. Of this demo. Writing our sanity checks. We get about writing our sanity checks. We get about the same price. So that's right. We can just leave this at 100. That's We can just leave this at 100. That's fine. Now,. Fine. Now, fine. Now, we want these bots to compete with each we want these bots to compete with each. We want these bots to compete with each other. Now, normally, , we would not other. Now, normally, , we would not. Other. Now, normally, , we would not force these bots to compete, but I'm force these bots to compete, but I'm. Force these bots to compete, but I'm trying to show a specific, , example trying to show a specific, , example. Trying to show a specific, , example out here, which allows this the second out here, which allows this the second. Out here, which allows this the second bot to purchase all of the US dollars bot to purchase all of the US dollars. Bot to purchase all of the US dollars from the first bot. So, I'm from the first bot. So, I'm. From the first bot. So, I'm intentionally mispricing the second bot. I do that by adding a 0.05 05 cent I do that by adding a 0.05 05 cent offset to this bot's price. Now, usually. Offset to this bot's price. Now, usually offset to this bot's price. Now, usually. This advanced setting section is there this advanced setting section is there this advanced setting section is there. To correct any prices that I might see. To correct any prices that I might see. To correct any prices that I might see. So, for example, if I was to go to the So, for example, if I was to go to the So, for example, if I was to go to the. Google website and find a price for a Google website and find a price for a Google website and find a price for a. Token and that's the one I chose to use token and that's the one I chose to use token and that's the one I chose to use. Or if there was a price that my bank was or if there was a price that my bank was. Or if there was a price that my bank was giving me and I wanted the currency giving me and I wanted the currency. Giving me and I wanted the currency layer price feed to come closer to that, layer price feed to come closer to that,. Layer price feed to come closer to that, we have a way of we have a way of we have a way of. Adjusting the price feed once we receive adjusting the price feed once we receive. Adjusting the price feed once we receive the price feed by setting the offset the price feed by setting the offset. The price feed by setting the offset percentage which can be a negative value percentage which can be a negative value. Percentage which can be a negative value and the offset as well which can be a and the offset as well which can be a. And the offset as well which can be a positive or negative value and this positive or negative value and this. Positive or negative value and this allows us to make any corrections in the allows us to make any corrections in the. Allows us to make any corrections in the price that we get. So in this video I'm price that we get. So in this video I'm. Price that we get. So in this video I'm misusing this advanced setting misusing this advanced setting. Misusing this advanced setting intentionally just for the purposes of intentionally just for the purposes of. Intentionally just for the purposes of this demo. This demo. This demo. Let's go ahead and create this bot. So Madison was the first bot that we So Madison was the first bot that we created and Joshua was the second one. If I click on show market, it's going to If I click on show market, it's going to. Open up the screen on the second window. Open up the screen on the second window. Open up the screen on the second window. Let's see that. Now you can see we have the USD euro Now you can see we have the USD euro market for the same token issuer but. Market for the same token issuer but market for the same token issuer but there's no market. Let's start the bot. There's no market. Let's start the bot there's no market. Let's start the bot for the first part which is Madison. For the first part which is Madison. For the first part which is Madison. This is the one that is priced This is the one that is priced This is the one that is priced. Correctly. What we're going to see is that there What we're going to see is that there are some bids and asks placed against. Are some bids and asks placed against are some bids and asks placed against this bot. So you can see that the bot is pricing So you can see that the bot is pricing this asset at close to 918. Now let's start the second bot. What Now let's start the second bot. What we're going to see is that this th00and. We're going to see is that this th00and we're going to see is that this th00and USD balance is going to get trained out. USD balance is going to get trained out USD balance is going to get trained out and the euro balance is going to. And the euro balance is going to and the euro balance is going to increase for Madison whereas Joshua is. Increase for Madison whereas Joshua is increase for Madison whereas Joshua is going to see an increase in the USD. Going to see an increase in the USD going to see an increase in the USD balance and a decrease in the euro. Balance and a decrease in the euro balance and a decrease in the euro balance. So what is actually happening. Balance. So what is actually happening balance. So what is actually happening is that Joshua is being priced if you. Is that Joshua is being priced if you is that Joshua is being priced if you look at the mouse cursor on the right. Look at the mouse cursor on the right look at the mouse cursor on the right side over here and the asks of Joshua. Side over here and the asks of Joshua side over here and the asks of Joshua are hitting against sorry the bids of. Are hitting against sorry the bids of are hitting against sorry the bids of Joshua are hitting against the asks of. Joshua are hitting against the asks of Joshua are hitting against the asks of Madison which are then crossing over and. Madison which are then crossing over and Madison which are then crossing over and. Then we get some trades. So this is being run once every 6 So this is being run once every 6 seconds. So pretty soon we will see the. Seconds. So pretty soon we will see the seconds. So pretty soon we will see the entire amount getting trained. Entire amount getting trained. Entire amount getting trained. You can also see out here that we have You can also see out here that we have You can also see out here that we have. Two additional bids at 96 which is two additional bids at 96 which is two additional bids at 96 which is. Higher than Madison's bids. Higher than Madison's bids. Higher than Madison's bids. The reason is because Joshua now has The reason is because Joshua now has The reason is because Joshua now has. Enough enough enough dollars to be placing these bids but dollars to be placing these bids but. dollars to be placing these bids but Madison is not able to consume them. So Joshua's bids would then lie on the So Joshua's bids would then lie on the order book. So it looks like looks like we're about So it looks like looks like we're about done here. Madison has 0.2. Done here. Madison has 0.2 done here. Madison has 0.2 left and Joshua has pretty much the. Left and Joshua has pretty much the left and Joshua has pretty much the entire amount of the $2,000 USD. Entire amount of the $2,000 USD entire amount of the $2,000 USD initially allocated for these bonds. You. Initially allocated for these bonds. You initially allocated for these bonds. You. Can also see that the bids and the asks can also see that the bids and the asks can also see that the bids and the asks. Have changed depending on how these have changed depending on how these have changed depending on how these. Orders were placed and consumed. Now getting back to the curl window. Now getting back to the curl window. So we are now ready to stop these bugs So we are now ready to stop these bugs So we are now ready to stop these bugs. And quit the application. But before we and quit the application. But before we and quit the application. But before we. Quit the application, we should be very quit the application, we should be very quit the application, we should be very. Careful to hit the stop button. Because careful to hit the stop button. Because careful to hit the stop button. Because. If we don't do that, then these bots if we don't do that, then these bots if we don't do that, then these bots. Will although they will be stopped will although they will be stopped will although they will be stopped. Running, these orders of one bid, four running, these orders of one bid, four running, these orders of one bid, four. Asks, and four bids and zero ask would asks, and four bids and zero ask would asks, and four bids and zero ask would. Still remain on the order book, which still remain on the order book, which still remain on the order book, which. Would then potentially see some trades would then potentially see some trades would then potentially see some trades. Happening without us having expected it. Happening without us having expected it. Happening without us having expected it. So it's always important to stop these So it's always important to stop these So it's always important to stop these. Bots. Let's go ahead and do that. Bots. Let's go ahead and do that. Bots. Let's go ahead and do that. In the process of stopping these bots, In the process of stopping these bots, In the process of stopping these bots,. The application the application the application kills the bots as well as deletes the. Kills the bots as well as deletes the kills the bots as well as deletes the offers associated with the bot. As you can see, these bids and asks have As you can see, these bids and asks have. Gone to zero. Gone to zero. Gone to zero. And the spread has gone back to negative And the spread has gone back to negative. And the spread has gone back to negative one as you can see in the window. So in summary, So in summary, we went through what is scalp, what is we went through what is scalp, what is. We went through what is scalp, what is the kelp GUI version one, some the kelp GUI version one, some. The kelp GUI version one, some improvements that we would have in the improvements that we would have in the. Improvements that we would have in the UI, the screenshots, and a demo of how UI, the screenshots, and a demo of how. UI, the screenshots, and a demo of how you can create two bots in the UI to you can create two bots in the UI to. You can create two bots in the UI to trade against each other. Trade against each other. Trade against each other. Let's go into some questions. Thank you everyone for attending this Thank you everyone for attending this session and I hope that you all learned. Session and I hope that you all learned session and I hope that you all learned something about the cali today. Thank. Something about the cali today. Thank something about the cali today. Thank you.
