Hello and welcome everyone to this.Week's Stellar Developer Meeting.We are.Finally back again after Meridian and.Lots of hackathons and activities.But. I'm great to it's great to be back.And with us today we have Steve from.Open Seelin. Open Seelin.You have.Probably heard about it.Maybe you've.Even tried some of their their tooling,.But they're building some really great.Tooling that's compatible with.Stellar and built for Stellar.So I'm.Really excited to see a demo of the.The latest tool that developed that .Runs the UI builder.So Steve, yeah,.Maybe just introduce yourself really.Briefly and then yeah, we can jump.Into the demo. Yeah, thank you so much.I really.Appreciate it.It's nice to be here and.To be with you all here today.So.Again, my name is Steve.I am doing.Developer relations with OpenZeppelin.And so I handle a lot of things anywhere.From documentation or interacting.With a lot of our ecosystem communities.And you know showing you guys how.Some of the stuff works and yeah I think.It's going to be really fun. Okay, I'll share the screen here.Maybe you can zoom in a little bit. Yeah, I think I can do that.And my.Screen is a little big.There we go.I.Think that should be good. Yeah.Does that look better?
Yep. Sweet.Awesome.Yeah.Well, like I said,. today we're going to be showing off.The OpenZeppelin UI builder.Essentially, this is a tool you can use.To interact with contracts that you have.On either Stellar mainet or Stellar.Testnet, but it's actually goes a little.Bit further than that. it's honestly.Like a React component library, like a.UI library.And so once you've created.These forms or got the basics going, you.Can actually download it as an entire.App or you can install the library as a.Package and build these UI elements.Yourself.And it just takes a lot of.That weight off of you when you're.Trying to build interactive elements,.You know, with your contracts.So today,.I'll just go ahead and show you what it.Looks like.You can visit this today.It's live at builder.openzeppelin.com.And you'll be landed in this, you know,.New contract UI screen.And all you have.To do is just go ahead and select the.Stellar tab.And then you select .Stellar test net or mainet.So I'm going.To click test net right now.And from.Here we just go ahead and paste in a.Contract ID. it does work with both.WASM and Stellar asset contracts.The.Main difference is that these will pull.Directly from source, but these since.They're not you know all the API and.Things like that are not with source.Will actually pull that from GitHub.Directly.But both of them work, so.You'll have no problem there.But we'll.Go ahead and pull this one in.And right.Away, you'll see that we go ahead and.Pull in a whole bunch of stuff.First,.We pull in the contract state here.So,.This is the current state of the.Contract.This is kind of like our we.Call it our kitchen sync contract that.Has all sorts of variables and functions.Just to test a lot of different, you.Know, possible interactions.And we're.Pulling that directly from.Stellar.expert.Really cool.And so, from here, we can.Go ahead and click next.And this is.Where we start to decide or build out.Our form.And the first thing you'll.Want to do is select a function. what.Do you want to build a form for?
What.Piece do you want to interact with?
And.There's a whole bunch of different.Stuff.I'm going to select something.Pretty simple, just a set text right.Here.So I just hit select here.And.From here I can start to kind of.Customize this.So I can say like set.Greeting.I can change the description,.Things like that., from there I can.Go into the fields and have like field.Labels.I could do field types and you.Know if we need an email or input,.There's like a whole bunch of different.Types here.So I'm going to say we'll.Just call this greeting.And say placeholder hello.And there's a.Whole lot of stuff you can do like.Required fields.You can hide from the.UI, use hard-coded values.It's very.Customizable.And so once we have that,.I'll go ahead and do an execution.Method.So from here we can decide if we.Want to allow any wallet to connect with.This and start using it or if we want to.Require like specific account to.Interact with it.We also have the.Option to do OpenZeppelin relayers.If.You haven't checked out relayers, I.Would highly recommend you do.You can.Check them out at.Docs.openzeppelin.comrelayer.And essentially they're managed services.Kind of like a back-end server that can.Relay transactions for you and can.Automate certain things and you can do.Things like gasless transactions.It has.Full Stellar network support.So it's.Really really cool stuff.Would highly.Recommend checking it out.But for now.We'll just stick with like a standard.Account.And then from there we have a.UI kit.So you can basically choose.Which wallet kit you want to be.Included.So right now I have just the.Built by OpenZeppelin standard one.It's kind of like a very minimal,.Nothing really fancy.So I can see my.Accounts connected here.I could.Disconnect. but if you wanted to, you.Could also use the Stellar walts kit.And so you'll have, you know, a.Different experience.You can kind of.Customize that and choose which one you.Like.I'll just go ahead and switch to.Open zeppelins.And once we have.Everything ready, , I can either just.Go and hit next or at any point when I'm.In this, , you know, building phase, I.Can hit preview form to view it and test.It out and then go back to building it.So once we have it set, I could actually.Go ahead and give this a shot here.So I.Can say hello world or something like.That.Go ahead and do execute.That's just going to have me sign that.Transaction.And there we go.It's successful.What's really cool is that we can just.Hit this refresh button here.And you.Can see we have our hello world that's.Been updated in our contract state,.Which is really cool.And from here, we.Can go ahead and export this if we want.To.This is going to export it as a like.Zip folder.And once you unzip it, it's.Going to be a V react project.Could just install the dependencies,.Build, and then you basically have a app.Ready to go.Now, that's only half of it.Because that's like a really simple one.Form piece there.If you wanted to, you.Can even go to our GitHub here, which.Is open zeppelini-builder.And from here, you can actually download.Package dependencies.You could build.These and use them in your app yourself,.The components themselves.So, there's a.Lot there.And just to show you too .The some of the other things that the UI.Builder has to offer is once we created.This UI, we can see it here under our.Contract UIs here.And so as you build.These forms and let's say you're doing.Multiple different tests or multiple.Different forms, they're all stored in.Your browser as local storage and you.Can actually click on them here.Here's a different one that's a much.More complex form where I can put in an.Account address.I can put an account.Label, , key values.There's a whole.Lot of stuff you can put here.And so,.These are all kind of stored.And if I.Wanted to, I could click on the three.Dots here to rename, duplicate, export.And all of this is basically just basic.JSON data.So at any point I can.Actually export all of my current UIs.Into a JSON file right here.And so from.There I can import it and if I ever.Needed to bring it back or something.Like that, it's all dated.Just click.Import.And it brings in those forms.That I just had.And so we can just go ahead and delete.Those.And yeah, that is the basics of the UI.Builder.And again, I think it works.Really great if you're working with our.Wizard and you're like maybe putting.Together a contract, maybe you've.Deployed it.From here, you can just.Paste in that address, interact with it,.And test it out.Or if you wanted to.Build your own web app that has those.UIs built in.Yeah, that's pretty much.It. Great. if there's anyone that has.Any questions, please feel free to to.Drop them in in the comments. I think.This was this was a really interesting.Demo. are there any limitations or.Anything I should know as a developer?
Anything I should know as a developer?
Anything I should know as a developer?
if what is the what what what would. if what is the what what what would.Be the common use case?
Is it some some.Someone who's playing around with the.UI and they can drop it into their own.UI as a component or what is what what.What is a typical use case you would.Say?
Say?
Say?
 Yeah, I think there's actually a lot of. Yeah, I think there's actually a lot of.Great use cases for it.One of them,.Like you said, is if you're just playing.Around and you want to test around or.Try out a contract, it gives it a really.Easy un interface to start using it.,.But we've seen some other people as well.Where like it could be used in a team.Application like for instance to help.Manage liquidity pools or build more.Complex forms that might be used.Internally.There's all sorts of things.I think you can do. but I think you.Know for people who are just starting.Out just wanting to build and get.Experience I think it's great for that.Use case personally.Yeah, I can.Definitely see it. developers in like.Early in the developer journey. if.You build a smart contract, it.Sometimes it can be a little bit .Complicated if you're completely new to.Stellar to use the CLI to invoke the.Contract and get all the the formatting.Correct in in the in the invoke command.Definitely makes it a lot easier to be.Able to quickly spin up a UI and.Interact with your smart contract and.Test things out.But but you said it's.Built in it was built in React.Yep.It's all basic React UI.Components.I think we use Shad CN UI.Components under the hood as well. so.I think we have a lot of visions too.About what that might look like in the.Future and how you might be able to.Import them into your existing app or.Something like that.They are packages.That you can install to an existing.React app and just start building right.Away if you'd like to, which is really.Cool. Yeah, it it definitely makes it easy to.Drop it into to if if you're building a.React application, then drop in the the.Forms to interact with the with the.Smart contracts. I think personally, I think we'll see a.Lot of use of this in hackathons where.You have limited time to accomplish.Something. it's it's a very it's it.Looks very easy.I I had a a chance to.Play with it yesterday and it it was.Just in a matter of minutes I had a.Front end for my for my my smart. really really great experience.I see we.Have a question here..I see it as a good starting point for.Building deps for your customers to.Interact with your C contracts.Yeah,.Absolutely.I I even see it.I even see it.Sometimes. I do a I in my role as a.Dev as as you know from from yourself,.We we get to play around with a lot of.New stuff.. sure do. And and a lot of time just for the.Convenience of it.I think I think.This this could be a great way for me to.To test out some new features in in.Smart contracts and when we try to roll.Out when we roll out something new.I I like to be testing things early on,.But I don't necessarily want to build a.Whole DAP around it.So So I think I.Think this this has some some great.Opportunities for both people playing.Around who's experimenting, but also.Building the DAPs because they can drop.In the their the components in in their.In their Next.js or their React.Application. Yeah, absolutely. then there's a question does it.Support the new release of React which.Includes a compiler demonstrated a few.Days ago at the React Summit.Let me see.I think as of right now.We might be using React 19.So probably.Close.I'd have to double check if we.Can actually get to using React.Compiler.But yeah, I'd be interested.To try and see if that does work.I know.That's still pretty new.Great.Any other questions?
 Yeah.Any other questions?
In the meanwhile, I will say you.In the meanwhile, I will say you.Mentioned relay relay. I think we are.Going to do a presentation about that .In about two weeks.I think it's. Oh, excellent. I don't think it's on next Thursday, but.I think it's in two weeks if I remember.Correctly.But we are definitely going.To do a a.Developer meeting around the relay and.Have a demonstration of that.So, I'm.Looking forward to that as well. Yeah, don't miss that.That's that stuff.Is pretty sweet, very helpful. Okay, can you maybe just talk a little.Bit about what Relay is?
Bit about what Relay is?
Bit about what Relay is?
 Yeah, it's essentially like a it's. Yeah, it's essentially like a it's.Like a Rust backend.So, it's written in.Rust.It's very nice, fast, it's.Efficient, and it's very easy to set.Up in my opinion. you basically clone.The repo. there's like a build.Command or a setup command you run and.It creates like a single binary which.You can run you know in most.Environments and it'll basically create.Like a API interface for you know.Smart contract interactions.So you can.Basically set up accounts or re.They're called relayers and they can.Maybe have different addresses.Different permissions different you can.Load them up with different balances.Etc.And so from there you can kind of.Make permissioned or spec particularly.Granted access for part particular tasks.You know and so there's a lot you can.Do with it.I think a lot of the people.Have used them for like gasless.Transactions.You can send an API.Request asking to do something.Relayer will take care of it and then.You know on your actual user interface.App you never had to have a user pay for.Gas or things like that., but yeah,.It can really build a lot of that.And I.Think there's also when you use them.With monitors, that's the other half of.The equation there., monitors allow.You to listen to smart contract events.Or functions or anything happening.You.They're very flexible and the really.Power comes in is like you can monitor.One thing on your contract and then as a.Reaction use something on your relayer., you know, so that could be something.Like, , if somebody withdraws way too.Much out of a contract or is an alarming.Amount of money, you can maybe pause the.Contract or you can stop certain things,.You can react to things.It's kind of.Built as both a security setup as well.As, you know, just a ease of life setup.To, you know, for building apps and. Okay, great.It doesn't seem like we.Have we have any more questions.I would just thank you for for the demo.For the demo.It was super interesting.To see how easy it is to set up a front.End and create front-end components for.For a smart contract. I It's kind of tooling where it's it's. it's it's making life a lot easier.You get something up and running.Quicker.And one of the things that I.Always love about using tooling like.This is that it's gone through a lot of.Testing.It's gone typically it's gone.Through some auditing as well.So, so.You get a really really solid .Starting point for for your project .Instead of trying to build everything.So, thank you so much and .Yeah, we'll be back next week with with.Another great demo. and just a.Reminder for everyone joining here at.1:30 p.m. Pacific, we have a protocol.Meeting on Discord.So, see you all.There and thank you again, Steve. Thank you, Kristen.Yeah, it's great to.Be here. See you. Bye.
