Hello everyone and welcome to this.Week's Stellar developer me.If you were joining us last week you.Would have seen OrbitLens I.Invited him back again because we had so.Much to cover last time that we didn't.Go through everything we we wanted and. so obit Lance has actually built.Quite a few projects on on Stellar.And and one of them I'm sure you're.Very familiar with is is still our.Expert so we're going to cover that a.Little bit today but first we.Will hear more about sell broker so yeah.Just please just introduce yourself.Again I know introduced you last week.But for new people on here please go.Ahead and introduce yourself yeah sure. hello everyone. everybody knows me as OrbitLens I'm.The lead of Stellar expert team we're.Building different infrastructure.Services on Stellar Network. and basically today I'd like to.Talk about two of them Stellar broker. yeah so Stellar broker is a.Multisource liquidity swap tool. and swap rotor for.Stellar currently star star has.Several issues. with fragmented liquidity basically.It leads to worse price for end users .Complexity using varas.Protocols and as a result it's.Quite difficult to find the best price.Between all of them because some.Assets are located mainly on classic.Stellar decks and others on new protocol.Imms but someone executes like .Large trade if someone trades a scale .Usually such large volume trades are.Vulnerable to front.Running and front running actually.Leads to profit loss on.Multiart trades because splitting.Each trade into several. smaller trades results in a.Situation when somebody can front run.Your Swap and try.To try to be faster and extract The.Profit and of course there is simply.The question of liquidity because I.Do remember there was a situation where.People couldn't simply .Swap on chain and execute the settlement. for about 100,000 usdc in one trade. with.One pass payment trate which is.Also not the best user.Experience so we've been working .On the project called U Stellar broker.The with a team from Ultra Stellar. so our original idea was to.Implement the solution that will cover.Everything in one in one One Stop. when you that will allow you to.Swap anything and execute your.Transactions on chain classic and.San it provides a lot of benefits .For and users providing better .Exchange rates front running.Protection and on large trades it.Will it will lead to the minimal price.Impact non-custodial swaps allow.Us to avoid centralization issues .And .Also there is no need to. retry failed transactions because.Everything will be retried automatically.And even if the swap fails for some.Reasons for example liquidity isn't.There.Anymore then the system will.Propose a new like a new trade.Opportunity which will be automatically.Executed for applications that.Want to integrate our service .We can offer revenue from user.Swaps reliable execution flow .Seamless API integration which.Means that you just connected to your.Existing wallet and it will work just.Fine and of course it's a fling the.Complexity of building for two.Different Networks like classic andoran.Which is a bit separated despite that.It's under the.Same Stellar network grof and. like managing multiple connections to.Various swap.Protocols so partner which. connects to the system can view.The Revenue.And receive payouts for the swaps.Executed by the users this kind of.Monetizations benefits and users and.Developers alike because users still.Get better rates and developers can.Receive like micro bonuses from these .Transactions from their user base the.Integration will be pretty is.Straightforward we already published. the SDK for it and everything you.Will need you'll just need to insert AP. from the website and from this.Point will work will just work and as.A hood it's much more complex than .Than it looks because. it works with varas liquidity.Pools on the San So currently we.Have Aquarius and S SW pools.Connected at our production.Website and we also have two more.Pools in the pipeline which expected .To come next week it will be forx Hub.And it will be comment pool so. our execution engine like finds .The best opportunities and first.Of all analyzes how the trade can be.Split into many multiple trades .Because executing several different.Trades instead of one large transaction.Means that there are chances.To to get front run or to just. end up with a failed transaction .Because the market is always a.Dynamic scene it's moving a lot and .It's virtually impossible to guess which.Liquidity will be there like in the next.Ledger so our engine fls all the.Complexity here because it.Provides tracking of submitted.Transactions it automatically.Connects to Sellar core fetching.All the required information from there.And we basically can basically have.The entire graph of all.Available Dex orders there in.Memory and of course graph for.Soran.Tools this is everything is.Located in the same place and .Provides you a very convenient interface.On top of web soet API which is .Pretty fast we made some measurements.And like average quart response time.Is less than 300 milliseconds which.Is very fast and usually like our.Nod receives updates and send it to user. like more than two seconds faster.Than Horizon because we connect.Directly to Stellar core to receive .All the trade information as as fast.As possible and we can execute .Like multiple trade simulation per.Seconds it's tens of thousands it scales.Well.With paralyzation of CPU threats so.It means that getting more.Simulations results in.Better price quotes for end.Users so that's basically pretty much.All of it I just wanted to say that.Is it is already connected.To albida.Wallet and we're working.To connected to.Stellar and other Ultra Stellar.Applications if you are interested.Interested to try it to play around. just let us know and let's talk .Any wallet or. like application that works.With user trades U can benefit from this.Optimized transaction execution flow so.Just let us know probably if if we.Have any questions in the chat I'll be.Happy to.Answer yeah let's let's see if.There's any.Any questions in the.Chat there was one about public.Facing docks I think I've shared a.Link to to GitHub is there anything.Else people can go look.At yeah it's.Basically the J Hub link and .Currently it's the npm package which.Shows the example of connection to.The to the system so that's basically.Everything you need to integrate.Great I think it's super interesting.Also and not not just because of the the.The ease of use but also the speed and.And and the fact that you can bring.Bring bring the swap in on on your own.Application and and and decide what what.Fee you're going to charge for for for.Doing the the swap so super interesting. if we don't have any other questions. we can also see if we have some time.At the end of it of it.But we can move to Stellar expert and.That should be a tool that is known by.Most Stellar developers it was.Probably the first tool I started using. trying to verify that my transactions.Were going through and just playing.Around with with different .Different Quest and.Onboarding games so so yeah it's I I.Think it's familiar to most so be.Interesting to hear from the creator of.It yeah happy to hear that and. that's the tool that been around for.Years and I'd like to thank you for all.The users that keep up with us and .Despite sometimes U arise in small.Bugs problems with it we're.Trying to keep it.As as functional as it could be and .Today I'd like to talk a bit about .Smart contract stats and analyzes of.Smart contract transactions because.We've been receiving some questions .By email and other communication.Channels on how it works and I think.It might be interes in not only for.Newcomers but also for season developers.Still so first of all how can you.Get to the transaction and how can.You find something you just need to copy.Paste like account address contract.Address or proit name into the search.Box on the website and will lead you.Directly to the the account or.Contract history where you can see .This list of.Transactions here you can see .Operation type and like execution.Date to check a particular .Operation you just need to click this.Small small arrow and it will.Present you the expanded view I know.It's a bit.Scary but no need to panic it's.Only from the first glance we'll go.Through it and it will be.Quite there is nothing too complex about.It first of all it shows the C.Tree of the top level contract.Invocations so we have this .Level contract.That can invoke some other contracts and. provide... additional functionality through.This when you click this info.Icon you can see the expanded view.Of the contract function itself it.Automatically shows you parameters of.The function. return.Value. like version of the runtime and.SDK and if developers.Left Commander then you will also.See this R commands in this.Section debit and credit records.Show the amount of token.Which have been.Transferred like spent received in the.Trans during the transaction.Execution so we can see here for.Example that this amount of tokens.Has been debited from this account and.Credited to another.Account. contracts can save the data on The.Ledger with different storage.Retention options so like in.Data is basically the data that is.Inside the contract itself and every.Time. like the environment loads the.Instance of the contract it also loads.All the data attached to it resistent.Entries stored.Separately and temporary items can.Be used to store some cheap temporary.Information that can be easily.Evicted. additionally some contracts May.Emit events. which is U this mechanism is intended.For publishing data for.Indexers the event consist of the.Header of the event and some arbitrary.Contract.Data so these events can be.Further analyzed by indexers by.Rpcs or some other.Applications and at the bottom of.The invocation you can see what.Happens on the system level so like. input output memory usage.Ledger entries written and U read and .Many other.Very low very low level statistics.And additional of course here you can.See also fees charged for these.Particular.Transactions which can be analyzed.Further now if we scale up a.Bit we have a contract view if you.Just click .The address of any contract you will end.Up here at the contract View and it.Will display like the general summary of.The contract and current contract.Balances this is I think .Is is a liquidity pool contract that.Holds xlm and you DC.Assets we have here the information.Who created the.Contract and there was some hash.Of the contract also it was pretty.Active contract that made a lot of.Transfers data storage here shows.The number of entries that have.Been.Written and stored on.Chain below it you can see the.Detailed breakdown of. all the ocation stats here you can.Play around with functions selecting.Some spe specific function you want.To.Analyze choose the period for starts. and. analyze some specific statistics.So for example if you want to know why. these grew up after the recent.Deployment you can see it here you can.See how this value change over time and. how to analyze them history tab we.Already talked about iter and the.Interface tab contains the list of.Public experts from the contract it's.Like functions all the structures.Enams everything that is declared in the.Contract and publicly available all the.Contract interfaces here and it's.Quite handy tool if you want to build a.Transaction using CLI or any other Tool. or you just maybe want to. play around Vis it and check .What's inside the contract here is.Also the link for downloading the.Contract contract was and. here is the next interface which.Shows the the list of stor data entries. for some particular.Contract here we can see the that. the entry is persistent or not it's. TTL value so time to leave when.The last it was updated and .Balances attached to these.Values. and one more thing that I'd like.To cover probably not everybody knows.About this functionality but we have. protocol versions history in the.Interface it's under the main menu.Section and in the protocols history.You can see changes that were.Applied to.The to The Ledger during prodal.Upgrades and of also during suran.Runtime F changes.Updates it's the lowlevel view of.What happens when validators vote for.Increas in limits and basically here.You can easily check and say what are.Our current limits and what was.The last update and what changed.During I have a lot of more to cover.But let's wrap at it because I think.That we have already few minutes left.So if you have any question questions.Let.St yeah thank you for for the run.Through I I.Definitely have learned a little bit I'm.I'm still a pretty basic user but but I.Think it's it's it's a very it's it's.Very practical to to be able to see.Something like the the protocol upgrades. I think there's a lot of good.Features for for debuging and for for.Evaluating your your contracts do we.Have any questions from.From the comments I don't see.That I don't think so but yeah.Let's.See there's one.Here.Soron is this in the context of.Stellar.Expert yes so we already show .The transaction history and trades and.Everything for classic .Operations but trades history and.Some specific for example liquidity pool.Stats or for example blend pool stats.They are still unavailable because .Like right now we still have the.Process of standardization in.Progress so right now the.Committee is talking about moving to.Some more. more obvious standards for.Publishing for example events what.Will be the format of these events and.How they can be further analyzed by.Downstream systems to produce all the.DAT it it should be available soon in.Star expert all the price history all.The stats from surban.Contrition okay great I think that's all.We have time for today thank you for for.Joining again thank you for inviting.This was really interesting I love to.See some of the community build tools .It's it's a it was a pleasure to to chat.To you again and yeah if anyone else.Has some some questions I'm sure they.Can they can reach out to you on on.Discord but yeah definitely for.Joining and thank you all this thank you.Okay thank you bye bye.
