.Foreign.Hello everyone.Paul can hear me.I can hear you yeah can you hear.Jittery.Is it okay let's see what about my.Volume is it good enough.Yeah you're all good.Thank you.Actually.Get out of the camera hi hi hi everyone.We are getting started how is everyone.Doing today.All right give us a minute here as we.Get set up for our sorbonne developer.Workshop we are writing our first smart.Contract on sorbonne and we have Morgan.And Paul joining us on stream here today.To do this Workshop hey Morgan hey Paul.How are you all doing.Hey everyone doing good.Yeah going good here how are you new.Here I'm doing well I am in the SDF.Office. it's been so exciting the devrel team.Has been expanding and we're onboarding.So many new developers and it's it's.Been exciting sorbond's really changing.And we're innovating and I can't wait to.See what more is going to come out of.This.But all right oh you were at Paris.Blockchain week right Morgan so what is.This that's true.I yes.Here I feel like this is this is what.The SDF office looks like everyone.Anyone.Yes I think we should do like a live.Stream tour of sdf's California SF.Headquarters I think that would make a.Fun stream.Everybody's work and see what they're.Doing just like pop around and.Interact with people.I'd love to hear that what's with them.With the Media Kit in the background. yeah we'll find out with yeah I know.But so many comments here cool cool.Single monitors only yeah y'all we have.Only single monitors around in office.I will let them know we need curved.Monitors we need all that cool Tech.But yeah all right without further Ado.Paul Morgan I will let you all kick off. about this workshop and talk about.What you presented at Paris blockchain.Week and I'll let you start off Paul.Cool yeah. I think I'm presenting here how do I.Make that happen on the screen.There we go yeah cool that looked like.It a second ago.Yeah that's the one cool. yeah welcome everybody good.Morning good evening good night .Wherever you happen to be welcome to .Live stream I'm writing your first smart.Contract on sorbom. here's what we're gonna be going.Through today. so first off we'll do a bit of an.Intro we'll talk a bit about what is.Sore bond for those that don't know. we'll have a cool hello world demo.From Morgan and we'll talk a little.Bit about why store Bond's important why.It matters why it's good why you should.Build everything on it. and then we'll have a bit more for.Morgan on his kind of journey and how.He got to sorbonne and how I got.Involved with all this and then .Tyler will share a bit on how you can.Get involved.And then I will wrap up from there and.We'll do some questions and stuff at the.End.So first off who are we right my.Name is Paul I will start there I'm a.Staff engineer at the Stellar.Development foundation which means I get.To work on Soroban every day building.And making it happen for all of you. so I'm really excited to be here.Today to share some of the stuff that.I've been working on what is the.Stellar development foundation if you.Don't know and you've somehow stumbled.Into this stream anyway the SDF works.With the Stellar Community which is all.Of you to build the Stellar Network. the Stellar network is a fast and.Reliable L1 blockchain with finality in.Just five seconds the Network's been.Live since about 2015. it and has.Seen sustained real world usage of 150.Transactions a second with literally no.Problem just cruising along which is.Pretty crazy to think about. it has a Global Network of anchors .It's what we call which are on and off.On and off ramps issuing on-chain.Versions of assets from the real world.Including cash access which we'll talk.About later and for the last year we've.Been building something new sarban so.What is Soroban.So sorbonne is a new add-on to the.Stellar Network traditionally the.Vanilla stoneware Network didn't have.Smart contracts there were there was a.Few L2 attempts right like turrets that.Some of you might know but they had some.Issues around that like atomicity. yeah and other things like that.So we wanted to open up more.Decentralized Innovation to the network.And to open up new opportunities to the.Underserved and unbanked populations.That Stellar's built to serve.And I mean my big thing is payments is.Such a small part of the financial world.It's like an important thing to get.Right but it's just kind of the base.Layer of what we can build here.So we announced the project that would.Come to be known as Soroban back in.January of last year since then we've.Shared eight I think iterative.Releases yeah I want to preview eight.Now onto our experimental test net.Known as futurenet so devs can.Experiment learn and contribute to the.Design discussions.We've been regularly running a program.Called sore bonathon we'll hear a bit.More about that later from Tyler.And we regularly discuss design choices.And onboard new devs to the community on.Our Discord.The community interactions with all of.You lovely folks who are now in the.Stellar Community sorry I don't make the.Rules but I will enforce them so you are.Going to be part of the community now.The community interactions and the.Public input has been really exciting to.See that's been my favorite part of this.Journey it's been absolutely.Mind-boggling. it's impacted almost everything about.Sorbonne right from naming to.Authentication how does that work to how.Sorbon should integrate with the.Existing vanilla Stellar Network.And while sarban isn't tightly covered.Coupled to Stellar specifically it is.Designed to work well with the network. so a bunch of stuff on that point.It's written end to end in Rust for.Speed efficiency and access to the.Ecosystem that exists there.It comes with a bunch of plug and play.Sdks for simple to complicated.Authorization models and it's built to.Scale right because it has to keep up.With the rest of the existing Network it.Can't slow down the network.But the thing I'm probably most.Excited about in store Bond and looking.Forward to seeing is how it's empowering.All of you in the community now that you.Can build on Stellar completely.Unchained hey I'm sorry I'm sorry.If I didn't make that joke Tyler said.He'd fire me so it had to happen.Right at this point I'd like to.Introduce Morgan he's a founder of.Useorbonda app he's a Community member.Who's been building some incredible.Stuff to help onboard other devs to.Sorbon and he's going to show us a bit.About what he's been working on.Hello everyone I'm gonna start buying.Sharing my screen.Should have done this earlier.All right so here's here's a thing.That every developer.Starts their programming Journeys with.We all like to say hello and we all like.To say hello to the world as the very.First thing that we do.In our programs.And. you know.Almost everyone starts their Journey.That way..And in fact the time it takes for.Someone to say hello world in a specific.Programming environment.Maybe the determining Factor if they're.Going to continue their Journey. in that platform or not so I.Definitely want you guys to stick around.For the rest of the presentation the.Rest of the talk. so I'll just get started with the.Hello world part.All right so what do we have here. as Paul mentioned.I am the founder of usurubond.app which.Is this tool that you see right here. it is.A developer playground for saurabhan.Smart contracts now what do we see on.Screen exactly well I'm logged in. so. I have access to the Gated Alpha here.And I have the ability to create a new.Project so let's go ahead and do that.New project pops up and let's go ahead.And delete everything because we're.Going to start from scratch.What's this environment all about well.First we have a code Editor to the left.Here.This is where we'll just put our rust.Slash sorobong this playground runs.On Rust and the rest soar about SDK.You'll as you continue your journey. you'll find out that there's other.Sdks for sword Bond available.For now we're going to deal with rust.Because that's the sort of reference.Implementation all right so we have the.Code editor we'll we'll put our rest in.And sort by. and then we have some widgets so.Right now console is open code is open.And let's get started with the hello.World part.So how do we do that in rest well I.Guess we write a hello function.And we call the print line macro and say.Hello.Okay.Compile it and that worked this is a.Rest program as it should be compiled.And I abstract all the details for.Creating cargo projects and. the defining targets and so forth so.You just sort of write some code and.Click compile in you know you're Off to.The Races Morgan I'm going to interrupt.You for just one second can you zoom in.A little bit more because we can't see.It a little bit more.How about now.A lot more.A lot more yeah a little bit more I.Would say yeah.It will be unusable if I zoom in any.Further so I do apart for anyone.Or we can we can hide my face there's a.Lot of stuff on screen that's .Not the code so we can just sort of.Focus on the code here we go. there we go.Sweeter like I'm almost blind and there.You go okay sweet we got one.Confirmation I can see it fine carry on.And everyone can hide the faces because.Like the vertical space might be useful.Nothing but the screen share.All right perfect thank you. all right carrying on so print line. hello didn't work well at least it.Compiled and didn't produce what we.Wanted. why is the question and.Well we're working in a soybean.Environment right Soroban expects a.Certain kind of format for these.Things to work and everything that. we want to be able to call has to.Live in a contract so. contracts are struck in rest we're.Going to declare a contract struct.This name can be anything you want.Call contract because it couldn't come.Up with a better name.All right so we go ahead and Define an.Implementation for contract.Let's go ahead and copy this.From here.All right compile this again and that.Worked again no compiler errors but the.Problem is we still don't see any hellos.Popping up.So that's not great.Ideally.You want to work with the SDK here.Because you know a structure like this.Is not really sort of buying. we got to tell it to do a little bit.More so for that we're going to use the.Soroban SDK.And we're going to import the contract.Implementation macro and that's going to.Do.A bunch of things but essentially this.Will convert this implementation right.Here into a SOROBAN contract.And okay we have a a few errors over. by the way Russ is super famous for.Really good compiler errors and in this.Environment which is enabled by Soroban.The way it's designed to leverage.Webassembly and .And rust so we'll get those beautiful.Russ compiler errors and we can see that.There's some problems with the Panic.Implementation although it's not.Entirely clear what's going on so.I'll just sort of skip the mystery.Here and.Solve this problem by.Finding this macro right here.So contracts on the blockchain have to.Be super super efficient in how to use.The available Ledger space and rest.Programs even though they're pretty.Light they still carry a bunch of stuff.That we don't really need. as part of our contracts so to.Eliminate everything that we don't need. and just get the rest that you know.The basic rest of that is required for.Contract logic will we declare. the no STD macro. unfortunately. removes the ability for us to use the.Print line macro to print this stuff and. okay so let's get rid of that now.We've back to a solid compiling.Contract here and let's go ahead and.Declare this function as a public.Function.Now we have something on on on screen up.Here that's looking like a button.So in this actions widget which is sort.Of the.A third of this interface in the middle.Is where you will be able to click and.Interact with every function that your.Contract declares so our contract right.Here declares a single hello function.We can call it and we'll see in the.Console a return value.So it's implied that a function without.An explicit return value returns none in.Rest so same applies here.And we're going to return value now. I guess we can leverage this return.Dynamic to finally say hello to everyone.Tuning in.And for that we will need a special type.So again since we can't use the rest.Strain it's unavailable we have to.Figure a different way to carry our.Information and for that we're going to.Use a symbol which is an efficient data.Type.In in sorobind for storing alphanumeric.Characters essentially all the letters.Of the alphabet plus the digits and the.Underscore.So what we're going to do with symbol is.We're going to initialize a short symbol.That says hello.And short just means that this sequence.Of characters will be able to fit in a.Single 64-bit value which is pretty.Important.When it comes to this this context.Let's recompile this again.And oh thank you rust compiler we are.Returning a value so let's make sure.That we declare what we're returning.And let's call this all right so we have.A return value hello. from this function right here and.This is sort of your basic most basic.Implementation of a sorobind contract.That says hello to anyone tuning in.Now let's make it a little bit more.Spicy.And let's use a little bit more of the.Environment here so let's say.We're going to log a value everybody.Loves blogging as a you know someone.Coming in from a web developer.Background I use console log all the.Time and console log is the best so.We have an equivalent in sorobind it's.Called log the log macro and we're going.To declare a new function called hello2.And what are we going to do here we're.Going to .Gonna say hello to a specific name it's.Going to be a symbol.And we're not going to return anything.Okay so how do we interact with this log.Macro. well it's a macro so we use a bang.And then the first argument is the.Environment within which we're logging.This value and you'll get used to.This concept of every single function.That your contract has that interacts.With anything else anything in the.Outside world will have to have an.Environment as the very first argument.It's kind of like your access to.Everything.So log accepts the first argument. being the environment so we're just.Going to pass in in reference to the.Environment next up we have a string.And we're going to use hello bang and.Then we're going to provide the name.Let's compile this. oh we're missing environment in in.This import and a handy feature is if.You're having problems with a specific.Type or you're missing something you can.Go ahead and click. links right inside of your compiler.Widget that will take you to the.Documentation so it's an easy feedback.Loop so now that we've imported an.Environment we can recompile this again.And try saying hello to.Twitch I guess is where most of you are. and in this console widget we can see.That.In between hello too which is the.Function that we're calling and the.Return value we have a log that says.Hello twitch.All right so I'm almost done with the.First demo anyone and everyone that's.Tuning in you can actually test this on.Your phone. so this is going to be a multi-modal.Demo and for that I'm gonna.Take my phone here so I just popped up.This share modal I'm going to take my.Phone this is an actual phone I have.Here bring up the camera.Hey everyone.And I'll go ahead and look at the QR.Code here tap on usurabond.app.And we can see we're taken to a version.Of usurubundan app which is mobile.Optimized and you know we gotta work on.Mobile experiences just as much as a.Desktop experience and someone that's.Designing these apps we've got to be.Mindful that that's where our audience.Is so this kind of interface will allow.Users to test this contract anywhere.They are especially on the mobile phone.So we have access to the same sort of.Widgets we have the console open and.Actions is a sheet down at the bottom we.Can go ahead and call hello like we did.Before quick access down at the bottom.To the previously called functions and.We can call hello to.And let's do twitch confirm and then we.Can call this function with the same.Arguments if we want to or we can change.The arguments. and do YouTube.Okay all right so that does conclude.The demo everyone that scan the QR code.And we're able to interact with the .With the app here congratulations if.Right now this is still in a gated Alpha.If you want access to the current build.Please tweet me on at sorobine Dev on.Twitter and I'll make that happen. all right so I'm handing it off Back.To You Paul.We go okay I'm back thanks.Morgan can we get the slides up again.Cool thank you. yeah so that's Morgan has shown us.The basics of Soroban but I want to go.Into what actually makes it so special.And what makes it so exciting here so .First off it is batteries included for.Devs that's our goal here right when.We're when we're designing it everything.We're thinking about designing it that's.Our goal and that means we're including.Everything from Storage to.Authentication and authorization.Frameworks to token minting and.Transfers all that's baked in right it's.Ready to go so you can focus on your.Application and not spend ages trying to.Figure out how to like verify an ed.25519 signature right like you shouldn't.Have to worry about that.And secondly unlike pretty much any.Other smart Contracting platform out.There. because we're launching on the.Stellar Network you get access to all.The existing assets on the vanilla.Stellar Network and I want to address a.Comment in chat I think from Matthias.Said I should call it classic and not.Vanilla and I'm calling it vanilla for a.Very specific reason right because the.Existing Stellar network is not going.Anywhere.Right that's still all staying there.It's not being deprecated it's not a.Classic thing right it's just a.Different flavor of the same thing. it'll still be the fastest cheapest.Way to use the network but if you.Need a bit more power that's what.Soroban's for.Okay but.Building on the existing Stellar Network.Means that from day one of launch your.Smart contracts can hold and use usdc.Right and many other assets that are.Already on the network.They also have access to Stellar's cash.On and off ramp via our partnership with.MoneyGram which gives which works in.Over 200 countries worldwide right so.Putting this together we could think of.Someone let's say Julia right she.Doesn't have a bank account.She can go to her local MoneyGram.Location deposit cash into the kiosk she.Receives usdc on the Stellar Network in.Her wallet.And now with Soroban she can take that.Usdc and deposit it into I mean a lot of.Things right whatever you're building.But let's say an income generating D5.Protocol where she receives a portion of.Transaction fees for providing liquidity.Right the partnership between Stellar's.Anchor Network and MoneyGram allows.Users like Julia to move cash straight.From their physical real wallet to a DFI.Protocol and vice versa which is.Something that I don't think's ever been.Seen on any other blockchain network so.Far. yeah.And the third Point here I want to talk.About what makes SOROBAN super special.Is the scaling optimizations that we're.Doing.So when designing Soroban we've been able.To learn from the state of the art and.Hand pick the best solutions from each.One.So we've designed the transaction.Execution model the scale across.Multiple cores.We've calibrated the fee model to.Maximize throughput and minimize cost.While protecting the existing Stellar.Network traffic.So we've designed a lot of optimizations.Around the contracts themselves as well.That you don't see on every other chain.So for example if you look at near.Not to pick on them I love near but they.Do this in the near contracts you need.To do your own serialization the.Deserialization of arguments when you.Get stuff in and out that means you need.To compile that into your contract and.Deploy it as well right so you need to.Include that library in Soroban we've.Pushed as much as we can out to the host.Environment where we can say batteries.Included right which lets us massively.Reduce the contract size and you don't.Need to pay to deploy that code or your.Users don't need to pay to run it right.We can take that a little bit further.With built-in contracts so we have an.Idea in Soroban of built-in contracts.Similar to like pre-compiles you might.Know of us on other network. So currently this is just for the.Standard asset contract. and it means that it runs Ultra fast.And cheap right. and it lets.Contract standardize on the interface.Within the ecosystem.And that's the standard asset contract.That we have in Soroban is how Stellar.Assets are exposed in Soroban they look.Just like any other contract to your.Contract so it's really easy to.Integrate with existing Stellar assets. the last thing here that's really.Cool we're actually working on.Solving State bloat with our state.Expiration model so on other chains you.Store some data on chain and it's there.Forever right well forever right in air.Quotes we have a rent-based system with.Evictions and Restorations to ensure the.Chain's working data set stays as lean.As possible.So.Once your rent expires your data gets.Evicted and you can pay to have it.Restored back on chain if you need it we.Can do a deep dive on that another day.It's a bit involved and actually we're.Still still designing some of those.Elements right now literally right now.On the the call on Discord. at this point I think Morgan can.Introduce this a bit how stateful.Contracts work on sarban and get some of.The basics of those in foreign.I'm Paul's back too hey Paul.I am muscle back yeah.We're waiting for. my screen share you are waiting for a.Screen share of Morgan there you go okay.All right. thank you anyway yeah.Thank you Paul so like Paul mentioned .There's quite a bit of innovation going.On. sword I'm and the deeper you go into.It the more you can sort of.Understand like you mentioned there's a.Design discussion going on right now.We're about to wrap up. every week I think they go on but.Anyhow let's discuss the sore month.State of Mind specifically when it comes.To storage and preserving things in.The Ledger.So as I open this up.I want to hide my face and then focus on.The code again if.All right perfect so we we're back to.A brand new project I think we should.Rename this to.Speak.So we're working on the state on on.The sword State okay.So sooner or later every developer finds.Themselves in a situation where their.Application is not working as expected I.Would say raise your hand if that.Happened to you but I can't see you so I.Assume everyone's had this problem. and we all know the techniques of how.To solve these things like unit testing.Or logging intermittent values using.Break points is is a cool way. to inspect stack frames and so forth.But unfortunately.Smart contract developers often don't.Have a rapid workflow for finding bugs.Or faults in the contracts.And you know this leaves them with the.Only option of hey I want to test.Something out well what do I do I take.The current code for the contract that I.Have and I either one of two options I.Deploy this to the test net. of your blockchain that you're.Working on and I test it against the.Wallet. and that's going to be.If you're a very efficient under a.Minute or it could take a little.Longer.Or your your second option if if the.Blockchain is is well equipped for.Developers let's say you can probably.Deploy to a local Docker running.Instance.So that's all fine and dandy. but.Air is the limit and folks I guess tend.To not test as much as they're used to.Because of all the hurdles and so Soroban.Takes the challenge hit on by providing.A guest environment right in the SDK so.You'll be able to see in the.Documentation if you follow along this.Path where you read a contract and.Immediately you read a unit test for a.And this is using your regular rust.Cargo unit tests. with usurubon.app I leverage that.Functionality of the of an environment.Provide.Features to rapidly test. your contracts.So right here. we're gonna we're gonna explore.State because let's let's you know face.It if if we're writing hello world.Probably bugs won't affect anything too.Much if we're dealing with State then.Bugs all of a sudden become an issue all.Right so let's let's begin how do we.Store something on The Ledger.We're gonna head and start with the same.No STD so we're not going to import the.Standard Library.We're going to use the.Critical elements like contract.Implementation and environment Within.You know and let's grab a simple as well.From the SDK and we're going to declare.Another contract.On track okay and then we're going to.Implement this contract with a couple of.Functions. let's clear this.Upper way contract implementation all.Right so what what do we want to test to.Sort of showcase this well first let's.Compile compile often right. never too often to compile.We're going to have some some data in.The storage and on The Ledger and we're.Going to save and retrieve that data so.We're going to have a couple of.Functions so let's declare save as the.One that will put data Into The Ledger.And we're gonna.Explore a number. it's gonna be u32 now save is going.To return the same number just.For the sake of it I guess and we're.Gonna load.A number.Environment.And it's going to return that number.So it's essentially save and load two.Functions for this contract let's.Compile this again make sure nothing.Breaks. oh okay well I guess I compiled it a.Little too early let's return some.Value here.Oops.So we have .We have something of an issue.I remove this let's make sure this.Compiles again.Let me back out of this.Oh.We don't need to back out of this we're.Just not returning a value before.Should have trusted the rest compiler.Errors all right so we call save it.Takes in a number.And by the way this is one of those nice.Abstractions that you get with. an environment like usurubund.app.Let's say a function takes in some.Arguments right in this case it takes in.A number argument that's a u32 well we.Have a nice modal that we can input our.Number. to confirm and that's going to call.Our function.As far as integrating into soribine. there's another nice feature that's.Part of the I guess SOROBAN contract.Specification so when you compile the.Contract there's. some amount of that byte code that's.Compiled allocated for specifications so.Let's say save something rather save a.Number to The Ledger.Okay let's compile this again.We can see that the modal now.Incorporates our comment for that.Function to describe what exactly this.Number does or what exactly this.Function does so we're going to click.Confirm.And let's add a another.Specification here or the docs for this.Function load a number from the layer.Pile this again.And oh it doesn't take any arguments.It's not going to display that that.Modal that's fine all right let's return.The number.As our first exercise.It's gonna be u32.And .42.We got 42 in the console here and right.So now the magic part how do we take the.Number that we provided in our.Modal here and put it into storage.Wow.We need a certain key something to.Store it under and for that we're gonna.Declare a constant.And it's going to be a symbol value.That's why I'm imported symbol and it's.Going to be.I'm not original with names under these.Circumstances I'm just going to use.Storage.Over here we're going to pick the same.Environment that we've used before for.Logging and we're going to reference.Storage okay.Compile this.About the year I was expecting so.Storage is a method not a field as we.Can see inside of this error message.We can go ahead and inspect what exactly.Storage is in the documentation and. let's see exactly how to use it so we.Can see that there is a set function.Under storage it takes a key and a value.Okay so with this new knowledge here. since this is a method not a field.We're going to call This And since we.Observe that it has a public function.Set we're going to call that set.Function to store what we're storing.So we're going to provide storage as the.Key right.And we're going to provide number.Something That We're storing or the.Value.Of this so save 42.confirm all right.How do we know that we did store this.Correctly well that's why we have this.Load function here.How do we retrieve something right we.Used set to store it how do we retrieve.It.Well we can go back to the documentation.Real quick and see that there is a get.Associated with storage and it returns.An option that's a result that.Potentially has that value.So there's. you'll see that there's some.Unwrapping that needs to happen.Oh so we go ahead and reference that.Same storage call that same storage and.Call the get.Method and we want to get the value.Under storage the the key so what do we.Get we get.An error.Because we're trying to return a u32 so.Let's return to u32.now we get another.Area that says. we want to have a u32 but we get an.Option so whenever we're getting a value.From Storage on sorobond any kind of in.A store buying contract we don't know.Whether the value is there and we don't.Know whether that value is the value.That we're going to return in this case.A u32 or it could be a symbol we just.Don't know so we can go ahead and.Unwrap this.Option and see if that works.Well then there's the question of.Returning a result so at this point we.Unwrap the option we're sure that.There's a value there but we're not sure.Whether that value is a u32 value.So we can do clever unwrapping here but.I'm just going to do a silly unwrapping.So it panics if it's not a u32 and let's.Compile this again.So let's go ahead and Save.111.And load okay so we just put a number.Onto The Ledger under a specific key and.We retrieved that number from The Ledger.We had an experiment with 420 and load.The value do something else it works.Okay so there's a complication that I.Want to implement here.And it's a little bit different from.What we did during Paris blockchain week.This is something that tolmer told me.To do and so I'm just going to see if.This works if it doesn't well hey this.Is a demo these things break.So here's the here's the gist I want to.Store a number for a specific account so.I want to store numbers under accounts I.Just don't want to store a single number.I want to store it as many numbers as I.Have accounts.So we're going to modify this save.Function here a little bit.We're going to take in a user. argument or parameter that's called.User let's type address so address.Refers to any valid blocking address on.The Stellar blockchain.And then we're going to take in a number.We're going to return the same value.And let's just see what this does so if.If I call Save.I'm greeted with this second field here.So use oribon you know this modal.Expands to however many arguments that.Your function takes and there's another.Cool abstraction here when dealing with.Accounts on the blockchain it can be.Like really tricky for someone just get.Getting started right how do I know how.To generate one do I need the private or.The secret key here. that's a lot for someone that's you.Know into JavaScript or something so for.That reason you saw a line.app.Completely abstracts away.Interactions with accounts by using just.Regular names so how many users does the.System have it has three users Alex Bart.And Cali you can select either one and.That in the background abstracts it away.Into a specific address within the back. within the current environment which.Is running in your browser.All right so we select Alex one so.Nothing happened really we just you know.Have a a parameter that we're calling.This function with but we're not using.It yet so let's try and use this okay so.Under storage.Instead of putting everything into the.Same. key under the same key let's try and.Use user okay.So let's compile this thing get compiled.And let's call Alex and let's do pen.So that sort of kind of worked but how.Do we sort of debug this right.We can.Probably do a log here. although.Maybe we should just use the load.Function okay I'll just do a little.Function here so when loading previously.We only had one key and we have any.Number of keys that.Correspond to each user so instead of.Using storage we're going to use user.Here's an experiment so let's we saved.I think we saved.Let's save 10 under Alex again so let's.Load Alex.Oh we got a 10.so that worked let's try.Bart.It trapped okay so the Trap means that. the value doesn't exist but we.Explicitly tell this thing to unwrap.Unwrap unwrap. not caring about the underlying value.So we can go ahead and sort of.Test this out so here's this log macro.That we used before.Call this with.An arrow just to have some string value.In there.And let's see what that returns.We probably need to do some matching.Type I think I'm going a little over the.The description here but the point being.Is that we can store values under .Whatever key that we want and the key.Can be anything in this case I just.Displayed that it can be a specific.Address so we'll just go over each user.Alex is going to have 11 Bart is going.To have 22 and Cali is going to have.33.And let's go ahead and check each one so.Alex 11.okay Cali 33 and Bart is 22.so.This is much more elegant than what we.Had during Pierce blockchain week.Were you storing values under .Specific usernames thank you Tomer for.This suggestion. and sort of the nice deviation.From the from the standard here. all right so that concludes my second.Demo for the SOROBAN state of mind if.Anyone wants to again experiment with.This please tweet me on Twitter at.Soribandev and I'll make sure you have.Access.Thank you so much Morgan Tyler yeah let.Me bring Tyler onto stream howdy Tyler.How are you hello.All right let's bring up your screen.Here and nice tell us all about the 100.Million dollars two opportunities sounds.Very interesting so I'll let you take it.Off yeah don't let me talk about much.They do let me talk about the money. so we've got.Basically two main opportunities here.For engaging with Soroban right now so.We're we're in this phase between. being on the future net moving to.Test net eventually be on mainnet .Later on this year. but while we're in this phase of.Developing Soroban and really trying to.Understand how to build it in this.Malleable stage of solving difficult.Problems and trying to build the bless.The best blockchain smart contract .Value transfer protocol in the world.There's some unique opportunities here.And I'm going to talk about two.Inside of this 100 million dollar.Adoption Fund that the sdfs put out. one is the one that I'm responsible.For and that's fast cheap and out of.Control. it's kind of a it's primarily an.Educational content generation engine. where you can learn rust smart.Contract development. how those two things come together.Under under the sorobond umbrella. right now it's a it's a game that.Really takes you through.Sorobon contract development with the.With the objective of trying to build.Fast contracts cheap contracts and out.Of control contracts.Over the next few months this is .We're dropping a little bit of alpha.Today we're going to be migrating. a lot more attention to fast cheap.And out of control for sorobond.Development. Stellar Quest is going to become.Really for a vanilla.Or if you're on team classic classic.Seller. that's where that education is going.To be and then for Soroban related.Material it'll it'll all be living on.Fast cheap and out of control so make.Sure to keep an eye out on that and the.Second one would be the the Stellar.Community Fund.Right so we got our fast Jeep and out of.Control that would be your your site.For that.Fca00c or ooc I have all the domains. for this and then the second one for.For the folks that are developing.Protocols or startups wanting to migrate.Existing. D5 protocols Etc over to the sarban.Ecosystem the seller Community Fund. is the place for you We've really.Been optimizing Anka and the team have.Been optimizing the Community Fund for. both the the vanilla classic Stellar.Applications as well as Soroban.Applications so there's a really nice.Clean. process for for getting onto the the.Seller Community Fund getting funding.For different protocols or experiments.That you might have for that so those.Would be the the two big pieces that I'd.Call out again the fast Jeep and out of.Control for those who are either new to.Rust smart contract development even is.The Soroban ecosystem evolves and grows a.Big gap that I have I have felt as I've.Explored the competitive landscape is.Not just teaching people how to write.Rust or teaching people how wasm works.Or educating people on D5 protocols or.Amms but really trying to identify where.Our vulnerabilities coming from how do.We write good smart contracts how do we.Write safe smart contracts where do.Standards come from with someone like.Where OpenZeppelin might have come from.In the in the ethereum ecosystem trying.To ensure that the contracts that we're.Building are are good so building out.Games and community events for .Tackling specific difficult problems so.They're able to arrive a good.Documentation and standards for writing.Good smart contracts developing a smart.Contract is very different than.Developing just a standard application.And some of those differences I don't.Think we've focused enough on on solving.Or teaching for especially what the.Fcaoc is is aiming to to solve for and.Then the Community Fund for funding.Folks that are actually doing .Application startup.Entrepreneurial type type work. so that's those make sure to check.Those out and I will hand it back to. Morgan I believe.Sweet.I see here Morgan you got we should.Definitely do weekly informal developer.Workshops I think that would be awesome.And I think Matthias is slowly working.On something that he's holding secret.Until he does like a heart build the.Beans Matthias I know. do you want me to share a screen here.Morgan. I think we're good I don't have .A slide to go with this it's just.Gonna be my saurabhan story I guess and. a little background as well. so no slides needed and.Yeah by the way very nice shout out.In in the Chinese or free access to.Viewers if you tweet at me on Twitter. all right so my story about story so.My developer story. going back real far started as.A kid with a Fascination with.Computers and. I remember I was 14 when I wrote.My first line of code.And for me that was you know that.Experience informed what I was going to.Do from that point onward and I've made.A career out of it in almost 20 years of.Frustration.Followed with the joy of seeing.Something that you build come to life.So that's I guess any developers Journey.And the reason I'm sharing the the.Frustration with the joy part is because.I feel this industry and I'm talking.Specifically about the blockchain.Industry has not focused enough on.The joy of building. while providing ample frustration and.You can probably see that in your own.Experience there's a lot.So over the last two years I've tried.Playing around with a few smart contract. platforms.Spending considerable amount of time.With two of them and in the end I.Felt a little bit like Dorothy from The.Wizard of Oz in a conversation with.Scarecrow and Tin Man trying to find out.Why one had no brain and the other one.Had no heart.And in my frustration I continued.Looking.For a platform that had both a heart and.A brain.And just last November I found Soroban.The first sore bonathon was taking place.And anuhe was hosting that and it was a.Beautiful experience on GitHub you log.In and you know everybody's. sort of submitting their own ideas.And and thoughts and experiencing the.Joy of of development technology and.Right yeah so I took part in that.I've jumped right on it. and I found out about SOROBAN in the.Process I found out about xdr which is.The data format for storing things on.Stellar.That Soroban uses and then I started.Getting into rust and. it's a long journey and doing so.Without prior experience mind you.And then lastly was webassembly the.One of the key building blocks of of.Soroban.And my first projects were very simple.Mostly to do with optimizations of the.Development workflow. one workflow or another and I made.Some submissions along those lines I.Think it was five in total yeah there.Were a lot of them actually you were one.Of our Superstar submitters to.Silverwater thought if I recall yeah. and and it was a blast and and the.Community on Discord was great in the.Community on GitHub was great people.Were commenting and so forth. so that was a really soft and nice.Nice introduction to to sort of buying.And my final project.As part of sorbineathon I think I.Submitted it last day. was a browser tool for interacting.With the SOROBAN RPC server something.That a lot of folks do when interacting.With any kind of blockchain. you don't go directly to a node.You're running you go to an RPC server. for y'all remote procedure call.Server I remember the https from.Bloomberg. gotta spell it out so the RPC server.Thing I wanted to build a great.Developer experience for anyone building.And testing their contracts because.Deploying the contract.Invoking the contract is often tricky if.You want to do it with arguments and.Stuff and especially if you're sort of.Coming in from a command line.And in doing that I spent countless.Hours working on various parts of the.Stack from the wasm executable to the.Host environment and then it hit me I.Realized something.I had everything I needed to build a.Self-contained browser environment for.Executing and testing sort of on.Contracts and I just sort of blew my.Mind like I had I had everything I.Needed to build the perfect. perfect playground experience and.So seeing how coupling webassembly the.Virtual machine together with sorbent.Host environment specification enabled.That browser-based developer tool.That I had in mind and many others that.You can sort of picture was my aha.Moment and. I just started working in.Seeing how I could build tools with you.Know within the browser that required no.Setup no Docker I'm no fan of like all.These massive setups that take 10.Minutes if you're efficient. no nothing just sort of log into a.Website and start experiencing sorbine.Like that and.I you know immediately afterwards I.Started building it and.I I started debugging and engaging the.The community further and. this was I think in February when.Some of the programs that Tyler.Mentioned SCF. I applied with use sorobond.app.Because at that point it was brewing for.Like two months. and.I got in and with with the help of .The Community Fund. I was able to continue building this.Sort of I call it the the developer.Playground of my dreams because it's.Everything I ever wanted from a smart.Contract playground.All of this happened like from scratch.To launching a a community-funded .Project in less than four months yeah.Like October not even I think it was.Late November. yeah and then there was a gap in.December and sort of you know it's like. light speed so my experience so far.Has been Stellar. and I really really appreciate the.Community for. for allowing me to to go through what.I went through .So thumbs up and yeah that's my.Soroban story that was so wholesome and.Well put Morgan thank you for sharing.That seriously. I think there's a question here about.Youth sorbom where can we make token.Contracts on new Soroban.Very soon. I will open it up sorry go ahead yeah.I'll I'll open it up next week.There's a massive update and I'm working.On ever since getting back from from.Paris and stay tuned I'll I'll keep.You guys updated yeah I mean Morgan's.All into this y'all just clarify I.Mean here's an awesome office now and.He's like set up like an entire space.And whatnot it's a whole thing you saw.About is like the next big thing here in.The store of on ecosystems you hear you.Heard it here first. I see there's. Matthias is saying that I'll blow.Your mind 2x Morgan thank you sore bomb.Plus test Runner plus Cooperative coding.In that Dev environment AKA vs code live.Share there's a lot there's a lot of.Minds ready to be blown I think in in.The next few months there's so much.Innovation happening in this space. absolutely I'm so excited thank you.For everything that you do for this.Arbonne ecosystem Morgan so yeah I'm.Gonna bring Paul back up on here.Everyone.Hey everybody. right I'm just gonna wrap up here.Quick. yeah I hope you'll All Join the.Community and we can blow mines.Together. smart contracts bring a ton of new.Incredible use cases and power and.Innovation to Stellar all right for me.Personally you know it's a hugely.Exciting new piece of tech right like.What can I say like I'm an engineer .You know I can say that storybond will.Allow us to bridge the disconnect.Between developers and people on the.Fringes of financial inclusion right or.That there's a lot of chances to learn.Tinker build earn rewards with the.Adoption Fund programs. like Morgan's doing.But what I will say is that I hope.The experimentation we're all doing will.Lead to building real businesses real.Projects and real world use cases on.Sorbonne to help further Financial.Inclusion.Yeah if that gets you going the same way.It does me then my job's done cool I can.Go eat dinner. but like seriously you know if you're.Excited about this right you can start.Experimenting with Soroban right now.Right. it's live running on our experimental.Test net called futurenet.And I want to encourage you all to.Consider how and where you might fit.Into what's coming later this year when.Sorbon launches for real onto Stellar's.Net onto Stellar's mainnet. and if I were you yeah start coding.Right check out you serve on tell your.Programmer friends to poke around see if.It's the right time to take a look at.Stuller there's a QR code on the screen.That'll take you to soarbon.Stellar.org.That is the place to go to learn more.There's links to everything you need.There docs the Discord join the.Discord keep up with developments all.The devs that are building Soroban every.Day are on there answering your.Questions yeah thank you so much for.Your time I can't wait to see what.You'll build.Back to you new here thank you so much.Paul. I do want to re-emphasize here the.Fact that we are building Soroban out.There in the streets as I like to think.And not in like some laboratory so.Everything is out there join the.Developer discords be active as Paul had.Said it best everyone on the stream that.Is watching or will ever come across is.You're already part of the Stellar.Ecosystem and Community here so come on.Over start building tinkering. and let's make this a vibrant and.Thriving community of developers so yeah.Thank you all for joining us on the.Stream stay tuned and we'll see you.In the Discord take care bye everyone.
