Hello everyone and welcome to this.Week's style developer meeting..Today I have quite a few guests .Joining the call from NMIX.So please. please introduce yourself. Good morning everyone.My name is.Chaved.the CEO and co-founder of.Onomics where we are building .Financial institution infrastructure on.Chain on Stellar. we use the diamond.Proxy standard which we will be talking.To you about very shortly. and our.Entire objective is to allow a seamless.Transition of for asset managers to.Seamlessly transition onchain without.Ever realizing that it's actually.Blockchain that's running the show in.The background.I pass over to Thomas.And Sebastian.Yeah, my name is Thomas Brown.I'm here.At Nomix. been working on Sora,.A project that caught my eye as a native.Rust developer.I've been doing it now.For about 10 years, that is to say Rust. and so far my experience working.Stellar has been incredible.I had.Experience working on other blockchains.And being a Rust developer and being.Familiar with the benefits the language.I feel like Stellar's system makes it.Really intuitive for a seasoned.Developer and even those with lesser.Experience to just jump on board.So.This has been a really fun and.Interesting experience for me so far.Hi everybody.My name is Sebastian.Shepus.I'm the CTO here at Nomix and .I'm excited to be here. we've been.Working on this technology for a while.And we Thomas is one of the best.Rust developers we know and we've had .A really good time building this.Infrastructure.So we hope that you.Enjoy what you see.And find it useful.Excellent.Mason, you want to introduce yourself?
Mason, you want to introduce yourself?
Mason, you want to introduce yourself?
 Let me just wish my comments. Let me just wish my comments. Hello everyone.Good morning, good evening,.Good afternoon from wherever you're.Joining.I'm M Heather.I'm the head of.Engineering at Nomix. it's been quite.A journey at Nomix and now we see Nomix.Also working with solar pan and seller.And my part here is to integrate that.Into our overall auto deployer.Solution where we onboard customers .Within a 20 to 30 minute time frame and.Deploy them onto their target chain and.We're quickly on wrapping them.Onboarding them onto.Chains as well. Great.Thank you for the introductions. Yeah,. I really love tooling tooling and.And yeah, what what can make your.Work as a developer and and and .Deploying your your smart contracts.Easier.That's something that's really.Interesting to me. I have not had a.Chance to to play around with your.Solution.So I'm I'm super excited to.See see your presentation and your demo. Sounds great.So to start off I believe.We would like to share a little bit.About the motivation for why we were.Developing the Soraban version of the.Diamond proxy standard.So like I.Mentioned earlier our mission at Nomix.Is to allow traditional asset managers.And traditional finance projects to.Transition onchain in a manner which.Completely abstracts away the complexity.Of blockchain technology where they.Don't even realize that it's blockchain.Running the show in the background.We.Don't say the B word, we don't say the C.Word.There's no blockchain, no crypto.It just happens to run on blockchain.Based infrastructure.So one of the key.Challenges that we saw when we were.Going out there and refining our product.Market fit was convincing these asset.Managers to transition onchain because.Everyone has their preconceived biases.About blockchain technology which is hey.It's immutable and once something is.Deployed on chain that can never ever be.Changed ever again which is great when.You're operating in the DeFi land where.You know you've got pictures of monkeys.On NFDS or I don't know you, you don't.Know me, and you're issuing a a random.Token that I want to audit the code for.To make sure I'm not going to get rugged.Or I'm not going to get my token stolen.Or you're not going to dilute me just by.Issuing new tokens.But that.Immutability is a double-edged sword.That immutability turns into a massive.Liability for financial institutions.That expect to update these smart.Contracts at a regular cadence when.Either a zero day bug is discovered or.Whether regulations change.As you all.Know, we're in the very nent stages of.Tokenization as a industry, as a market.Segment. maybe only three to five.Years tops. and because of this.Immutability, these asset managers were.Very hesitant to adopt because when you.Do smart contract upgrades in the.Traditional sense, which is you're.Deprecating the old contract and.Transitioning everyone to a new.Contract, it's a massive pain for the.Asset issuer.It's a huge poor It's a.Very poor user experience for the end.User as well.So what we're deploying.Out there into the world looks, feels,.And smells like a traditional brokerage.Account that's built on these diamond.Proxy standard.One of the key reasons.That all of the tokenization initiatives.To date, apart from a few very diff very.Few exceptions, have happened behind.Walled gardens is because of this.Feature because they want to carefully.Control the entire blockchain that.They're operating on.So if they need to.Roll something back or if they need to.Upgrade things, they have the complete.Cart launch to do so.But we all know.That there's inherent liquidity on.Public ledgers.And if you want to.Democratize access to various financial.Instruments and increase your .Investor base, you need to be able to.Tackle these public blockchains.This.Entire concept, this entire challenge is.Why we decided to build the diamond.Proxy standard on Sora.I'll pause here very quickly for any.Comments from you, Carson. Yeah, I just want to say that if anyone. watching here has any questions,.Please feel free to post them in the.Chat and we will we will try to take.Them as as they come in. but but.Yeah, I yeah, I think that that was a.That was a great intro.maybe maybe just.Very briefly describe what the.Diamond pattern what what that is .For those who are less familiar with it. Of course.So the diamond proxy standard.Is functions similarly to how proxies.Work in the traditional web 2.0 world .If you're familiar with them.So instead.Of having a monolithic smart contract.Structure, you actually have something.Called the diamond.Smart contract which basically if you.Think about it all typically all of the.Smart contracts have their independent.Stoages and they're all hardcoded to.Each other to work with each other.If.You've got a marketplace smart contract,.If you've got a token issuance smart.Contract, if you've got a fee.Distribution smart contract, all of them.Are kind of linked together in a in a.Hard-coded manner, for the lack of a.Better word.What the diamond proxy.Allows you to do is have a common.Storage for all of these smart.Contracts.And there's multiple facets.On that smart contract.And each one of.These facets are responsible for a.Specific kind of functionality.Now, at.A 10,000 feet overview, and Thomas can.Get into that a little bit deeper, at a.10,000 feet overview, when you need to.Change anything at all in a diamond.Proxy, you're simply able to shave away.A facet and replace it with a newer.Facet without impacting the rest of the.Functionality of the contract or without.Having to do costly reissuances and.Migrations of those tokens.Okay.So, I'll pause for any.Highle questions and then I'll let.Thomas take it away and get down into.The nitty-gritty. Sounds good. Here's there was one question from.The audience asking for a link to the.Standard.Now, , did you want it in.Just like a GitHub repo link of our SCP.Filing because that's what we're going.To go over next. Yeah, I can I can post that one. Yeah.Yeah, there you go.So, yeah, we are.Proposing a set.We filed this up a.Couple of months ago and now we're ready.To drive additional eyeballs on it from.The community and have it start to be.Adopted throughout the Sorban community.As well.We'll also be going through Sor. OpenZeppelin audits of the smart.Contract in very short order over the.Next month or two.So, yeah, Thomas,.Take it away if you want to share your.Screen.and just get this set up.All right, the diamond proxy standard.So before I get into discussing.The jargon that's used here because.Somebody looking at this for the first.Time will be inundated with all these.New keywords.I think as a developer.Speaking to other developers, it makes.The most sense to approach this from a.Common perspective.,.Typically when we're developing a smart.Contract, we can think of a smart.Contract as like a class of sorts.It's something that runs and it's.Structured.You can add functions to it.You can add data fields to it.You can.Control how those data fields are.Accessed through different view.Modifiers.And in web 3.0 or in blockchain space.Instead of having a class just running.On your local machine which is the case.For normal object-oriented programming.When you're talking about.Paradigms like Stellar or Ethereum.Anything like that we have a distributed.Class so that class file that code is.Being executed across many machines at.Once and so there's a beauty and.Elegance to the notion of smart.Now, in order to achieve.That, you have to have consensus and.There has to be. pin to the location of where that.Smart contract exists.And that's.That's one of the reasons why we have to.Have the diamond proxy because.It's great.You can go ahead deploy.Smart contract, but we quickly run into.The problem in the web 3 space where say.You have some business logic and you.Deploy it.A month down the road manager.Approaches you and says, "Hey, I would.Like this functionality changed.".Well, in order to do that, you're going.To have to a redeploy.And b change the pointer of the smart.Contract on chain and tell anybody who's.Using your system, okay, don't target.This contract address anymore.Target.This one.And so you could have, let's.Say, some kind of layer that.Automatically reroutes all that for you.And people were doing that for some.Time.But.What if there was a way to.Proxy and reroute calls.On the blockchain itself?
So how can we.Go from something that is intrinsically.Immutable.To something that is actually mutable?
To something that is actually mutable?
To something that is actually mutable?
And so it seems like a little bit like.And so it seems like a little bit like.Magic, but it really isn't.And.Therein lies the beauty of the diamond.Proxy is that it is simple yet seems.Like magic.With the diamond proxy, what.You have is you have several stable.Points.In me in in the decentralized memory.Those stable points are your proxy and.Your shared storage layer.As far as a user is concerned,.Their interactions are going to target.The diamond proxy.So let's assume a.Very simple case.I want to deploy a.Smart contract.What I do is I make sure.The diamond proxy is deployed.And then I deploy the smart contract not.Directly but through a proxy.So the.Diamond proxy through a function called.Diamond cut deploys the smart contract.Which we call facet.And initializes it.When it initializes the facet.In.Stellar, we have a macro within our.Source code that allows you to.Seamlessly integrate with this diamond.Proxy standard on Stellar such that it.Injects another stable point in memory,.The contract address for the shared.Storage layer.So whenever a facet is.Deployed through the proxy, it gets a.Pointer to that shared storage.What does this mean?
This means that.Let's say you deploy a facet and then.You update the logic again.Because you have a shared storage layer,.It doesn't matter that you have two.Separate smart contracts.Now facet A and facet B can still access.The data that you had mutated within the.Ledger.That that's that's just great.We really want to give people the.Opportunity to.Have the freedom to change data without.Having to go through the hassle of.Having to deal with the issues that.Exist with the immutability.And in reality, this sort of.Functionality is really what you want.Anyways because as any developer knows,.You're never actually truly done with a.Program.You can get 95% the way there.Or 99, but there's always part of you.That feels like you can always improve.It somehow.You can always do something.Else.And indeed in the world of.Business, when you have business logic.And changing business requirements,.You can't have that immutability when.You're talking about the business logic.You have to have breathing room for it.To be able to change.And so the diamond proxy standard gives.Us the ability to go from a complex.Immutable setup to a very.Straightforward.Approach to.Maintaining code bases that can be.Arbitrarily complex.Let us consider a facet.We have facet.Here and we want to be able to execute a.Function.Typically you would just you know using.Sorabon you would invoke a function.Directly on this smart contract which in.This case we're calling facet A.But when you're using the diamond proxy.Standard you don't call the function.Here directly.Instead what you do is you call the.Function through the diamond proxy.And that function which within the.Framework of this the jargon we use is.Selector function equals selector for.All intents and purposes.So you may.Hear that interchangeably when studying.The diamond proxy pattern.You run the function through here and.The proxy internally.Looks at a set of selectors and those.Selectors are associated with a contract.Address.And because it knows where that contract.Exists, it then proxies the call to the.Associated facet, whether that be facet.A or facet B.Let's say facet A has two functions.Alpha and beta.And then you want to update function.Alpha.What you could do is instead of. redeploying a version of facet A that.Just has alpha changed, you could just.Have a very targeted approach and deploy.Facet B.And facet B is much leaner.Because it has just function alpha.So the gas costs associated with.Deployment are going to be cheaper.When you call this,.It's going to get the most recent.Version.In the.Storage of these selectors.Before when you're calling function.Alpha,.It's hitting facet A.But once you.Upgrade, you call function alpha, it's.Going to be routed to facet B.Now what about function beta?
Well,.Function beta doesn't exist here.Deployed only function alpha within.Here.Function beta still exists here.So the diamond proxy will continue to.Route it.And so as you could see there is a lot.Of room for flexibility here.Now if the.Developer wants to they could still.Deploy a version of facet A that has.Alpha and beta functions and beta.Doesn't change but alpha does.And that.Just means that when we call the.Function to the diamond proxy, it's.Almost as if facet just doesn't exist.It's functions are not being called.That's not to say that if any calls you.Made to facet A in any way mutated the.Information.That you can't access that mutated.Information anymore from facet B.No,.You actually still can access that.Mutated information.So you can imagine.A scenario where as time goes on you get.More and more facets over here to the.Right and.You could have a very complex program if.You wanted to.And going back to the.Analogy of.Object-oriented programming in a class,.You could.Even from like a non-upgrading.Perspective, you could just deploy.Different facets like different modules.Of or name spaces within your.Application to have a strict separation.Of concerns.So, not only does this allow you to have.That upgradability, it also allows you.To have that clear differentiation.Between different pieces of logic that.Represents your program.So, from a.Bird's eye view, this helps consolidate.Your software's architecture.And not only does it do that, as we just.Discussed, it helps you.Upgrade something that would otherwise.Be challenging to upgrade.There's a second part to this that ought.To be discussed and that is the diamond.Factory.Now the diamond facto's job is.Just to create a diamond proxy.Why would we do that?
Why not just.Deploy a diamond proxy directly?
Well,.You could, but there's a little bit of a.Setup phase just like how there's a.Setup phase with facets.With facets,.You have an init function which receives.A pointer to the shared storage.And similar here with the factory when.It deploys a diamond proxy,.It ensures that the diamond proxy.Has everything it needs to initialize.Itself.And so internally, it's going to.Set up that stable pointer to the shared.Storage. smart contract.And that there.Abstracts away any setup you really have.To do.So as a user, you're going to.Yes, you're going to use the diamond.Proxy, but you're going to first start.Off with the factory.You use the.Factory, deploy the diamond proxy, and.Then once you're at that layer, you.Could just go ahead and treat this as.Normal.You don't have to touch the.Factory ever again if you wanted to.Or.You could use the factory to create.Another diamond proxy and.That diamond proxy in turn will have its.Own shared storage address.And so on and so forth.You can use the.Factory over and over again.As it relates to Sora, there is another.Feature of this SEP filing and that's.The storage helper.So typically when.We're developing in Sora, we have access.To three different types of storage.Have the persistent storage, we have.The instant storage, and finally we have.The temporary storage.And so you would do something like.Storage instance.get.Or something like that.And the same.Thing for temporary.Well, I wanted in this to have a very.Similar paradigm.So if you wanted to go.From instance storage to shared instance.Storage, you would do storage.shared.Shared instance or storage.Shared temporary and so on.So it creates a very familiar pattern.For the developer.There's only a slight difference and.That's that whatever you're putting in.Whether it be a key or a value because.It has to exist within the storage of a.Diamond proxy to know where the.Selectors are and where all the metadata.Is.It has to be serialized to XDR format.Which as storebound developers know is.The encoding format we use for.Networking transmission.There's another component to the diamond.Proxy and this is more of a a meta.Feature and that's the.Loop facet.Now in EVM land they call it.A loop facet.It's like a smart contract.But here it's different.We have it.Leveraging Sora's. inherent capabilities.And we have it sitting with the diamond.Proxy contract itself.If you want to know the address for.Selector alpha,.It will return to you the address of.Facet A or if you get upgraded then it.Would return you the address of facet B.And so the loop storage allows us to.Just introspect upon the diamond and it.Also stores the state of the diamond. whenever.One performs diamond cut which as we.Recall allows us to deploy a facet or.That will get recorded within the loop.Now, did anyone have any questions?
 Yeah, there were some questions.If we. Yeah, there were some questions.Go back a little bit, ,.Let me see.I think there was a question about when.Data is being stored.Oh yeah, say silence asked it sounded.Like storage isn't written to until.Ledger closes.In this setup.If that makes sense. correct.Yeah.Let's see what else.Yeah, I think that was what I think.Matias had a question too..I I think I think we can continue. Okay. Uber, I don't know if you.Wanted anything to add to this.But if not, then I'll just move on to.Deployment flows. Yeah, let's just.No, no, that that was great.Thank you,.Thomas.All right.So, we've already discussed this a bit,.But just to visualize what's going on,.You start off, you're the user, you want.To ensure that you have your diamond. Oh, , sorry to interrupt you, but.Silence had a question. we had a.Question that said that.You would access access storage as.Storage shared. yeah, you would .I look want to see Oh, here we go.So we have a pattern here that's pretty.Much just like before.So you do env.Shared storage.persistent and I believe.I worded it incorrectly earlier but.The idea is that you have just a drop in.Replacement.So instead of env.Storage which is what we typically do we.Do env.shared storage and then you call.Persistent.Or instance or temporary on that handle.Yep.And other important thing to.Consider is that.When you have access to that persistent.Shared storage handle,.You need to make sure that whatever.You're putting in has to be serializable.To XDR.And then Silus also mentioned that. that this would require .The end shared storage would require a.Cap.So so but this is a a CAP proposal as.Well, right?
Well, right?
Well, right?
so. so.If required we could make one and we've.Been told so far that what we have here.Is a starting point.That shared storage layer yes we're.Going to need to have it ingrained.Within the ecosystem and an.Incrementalist approach does make the.Most sense.But yes it will require changes to.Multiple parts of Sorabon. Okay great.So you have diamond factory and.The factory just creates diamond.Proxies.The user calls deploy diamond.The factory deploys diamond proxy and.Then the proxy goes ahead and it deploys.The shared storage layer.So now you have a diamond with no.Facets.Now you want to add a facet.You want to.Start.Adding architecture to your software.You go ahead, you call diamond cut.Diamond cut will deploy the facet.And then it will call the init the init.Function on that facet.And keep in mind this init function,.It's a macro within Rust.So you just.Add it right on top of the contract.Imple macro and it will inject the init.Function for you.That way when diamond.Cut is called, it's passing a pointer to.This shared storage layer.The next step is after the facets's.Initialized, we update the selector or.Function mapping.That way, whenever.Somebody attempts to invoke a function,.As we see here next, it will perform a.Lookup within that selector mapping.So, we invoke the contract.After we.Call the function through the proxy, we.Might set some storage or get some.Storage update or delete and then we.Return the result and the result.Has to be XDR encoded.And that's is the additional requirement.Which is typical anyways.So you're just adding an additional.Layer and that's why again it's.Considered a proxy.Are there any questions about this.Deployment process and the life cycle of.Working with diamonds?
Working with diamonds?
Working with diamonds?
 So so I think Neil Neil Nish had a. So so I think Neil Neil Nish had a.Question earlier about how would you.Design an upgradeable contract while.Managing storage efficiently.So, Milage.I think we address that later on down in.The presentation, right Thomas?
The presentation, right Thomas?
The presentation, right Thomas?
 Yeah, we do. Yeah, we do. And apart from that,.How would you design?
Usually you have.To migrate the storage.Similar concern.To traditional web two development.Yes.So again, the same question came up.Again that you know how would you.Handle storage?
excellent question.Guys and and the the entire intent of.The diamond proxy standard is that you.Don't have to manage smart contract.Storage migration.That's that was also my takeaway. All right.So I go down and I'm just going to.Compare.What we have here, the diamond proxy, to.What already exists in Sorabon.And in.General, there are pros and there are.Cons.And what one chooses depends on.What one has as requirements,.Any preferences.So I'll start off with.The first one which I think we've.Already discussed which is the notion of.Granularity.The ability for us to be able to.Define.In very compartmentalized terms or even.Very uncompartmentalized terms.The design of our software.Sorabon, if you want to update the smart.Contract, what you have to do is you.Have to call a function and that.Replaces the entire smart contract., and for some people that's all.That's needed.But if you have more.Complex requirements,. you don't want to deal with the.Headaches of let's say migration, which.Is the next comparison here, then.You're definitely going to want to use.And as discussed, we have that shared.That shared storage layer.Means that doesn't matter how many times.You upgrade your facets,.It's going to always have a pointer to.With Soraon, you replace a contract,.You're going to have to manually manage. how you access that data and where.That data is going to exist.Those are.Things you have to consider.But with.The diamond proxy pattern, in Stellar.Terms, you don't have to worry about.That.You can just act like the database.Is always there.it's abstracted away.The code size limits.Now this typically.In my opinion.The benefits to the diamond proxy here.In terms of code size limits is that you.Can have a very.Small set of code and you could just do.Incremental changes.So you deploy a.Facet and then you deploy another facet.And you keep things exactly as needed.You could do a monolith.A monolith is.Completely acceptable.Can certainly handle that.In Sorabon you're limited by the maximum.Size of the contract code which is.Fairly large. but with the diamond proxy pattern.Let's say the limit on sorbond is n well.Then.Your program let's say is 2n what you do.Is you have several facets then the.First facet is of length n in size and.Bite code and then the second facet is.Also in size of length and of bite code.And you have different functions for.Both and when you call the diamond proxy.It's going to proxy it to the right.Smart contract address.So you.Completely get over that hurdle of .The code size. and by proxy you have that same.Principle applying to the method count.Now the number is still pretty high for.Both but nonetheless just imagine. typical code base that may have .Nowadays thousands and thousands of.Functions. the diamond and proxy pattern you can.Go ahead and you could accommodate for.Such and you can have very large.Programs., theoretically, if you.Wanted to, you could have a diamond.Proxy pointing to.Hundreds, if not thousands of facets.That in total are gigabytes in size.It'd be very interesting.In terms of a case study to see somebody.Go forward with that.And really, the.Sky's is the limit there.And I think.People will do some very creative things.With this.We've only really just.Touched the surface here.And with the.Performance and security and stability.That Rust provides,.I really think that in contrast to EVM,.We're going to have not only Rust.Developers in my opinion are just more.Seasons,.But they pay close attention to the fine.Details.They're very good at what they.Do and that's reflected by seeing how.Elegant Stellar is and the Diamond Proxy.Is complimentary to all of that.It's a.Simple and elegant solution which.Opens up the sky for everybody and.Stellar it's in its name.I think.Stellar is meant to be married with the.Diamond proxy because in a way it's what.Allows access to those higher realms so.To speak.The other comparison between the two is.Modularity and we've already talked.About this.You can design your.Software.You could have different.Categories of your business logic in.Different facets.And you can visualize.It as you have facet A and then you have.Facet A1 which is an upgrade to facet A.And then in parallel you have facet B,.Facet B1 and so on and so forth.Could.Independently upgrade these parts and.Still.Separate the business logic.So it's.Clear. you have the ability to through loop.Functionality to introspect upon these.Functions and the addresses. there's no notion of that directly. with a smart contract you can of.Course get the AI.That's different though with.Introspection this is live through.Actual transaction calls and keep in.Mind every time you call diamonds cut.Which is deploying the facet again the.Diamond proxy is recording that in.So introspection.Will just give you that information that.It's recording.So it sounds like everything's.Good and all with Diamond Proxy, but as.I mentioned from the very beginning,.There are indeed pros and cons. one.Of the cons is that when you're setting.Up the diamond proxy, you're also going.To set up the diamond factory.and the.Diamond proxy is going to have to set up.Shared storage.So, this is really just.A one-time thing.So, you have a.Constant initial cost.And then you also have costs associated.With deploying a facet.If on Sorabon you want to deploy a smart.Contract, it is direct.But here it is.Indirect because we have to call diamond.Cut.Diamond cut.Has to.Ensure that the bite code exists on the.Blockchain and then it has to run the.Functions to initialize it and.That also includes passing in that.Shared storage address.So because of that yes there is not only.A constant initial cost but there is a.Constant cost associated as overhead.With each call to diamond cut.So on Sorabon you don't really have that.Issue.It's just a onetoone deployment.It's not a one to two or three smart.Contracts being deployed.it's just.One to one.And to be clear, that one to.Multiple deployments only occurs in the.Very beginning when you set up the .Factory and you set up the shared.But once you have that set up,.You don't have to reinitialize the.You just pass a pointer.To it.So really, you're just deploying.The facet smart contract in the direct.Proxy.But but one of the key benefits.Of doing it using the diamond factory is.That let's say you're spinning up.Something like a.Let's take the example of a dex pool.Right when you know that you have to.Have the same contract replicated.Multiple times.If you're using the.Diamond factory, that will reduce your.Overall cost in the long run because.Instead of having to deploy the entire.Contract from scratch, you're actually.Calling the diamond factory, which the.Bite code already exists on chain to.Deploy those contracts.Thomas, correct.Me if I'm wrong there., want me to continue?
 Yeah., want me to continue?
 You want there?
 You want there?
 You want there?
 Yeah.No, no., did I did I not you.Guys not hear me?
Guys not hear me?
Guys not hear me?
 Oh, yeah, we heard you. Oh, yeah, we heard you. Okay, cool.Yeah, no, go ahead. We just discussed that there is a bit of.Complexity and yeah, that does entail.That the transaction costs are going to.Be higher., and the costs are going to be lower.On Sorabon each time.This point the development experience.This really varies.There will be an initial higher overhead.Simply because you're going to see all.This jargon.What's a facet?
What is.Loop introspection?
What is diamond.Factory?
What's the diamond proxy?
What.Is all of this?
Is all of this?
Is all of this?
And at first it might seem like a fire.And at first it might seem like a fire.Hose that it's really overwhelming.If I draw our attention back up here,.It's actually really simple.And once.One goes through the process of using.This and seeing it in action in code, it.Becomes something that is just intuitive.And simple.So there is that initial.Hurdle and that is why in the very.Beginning of this presentation I.Discussed.Let's set aside the jargon and let's.Talk about this in terms that we're all.Familiar with the notion that we have a.Class in object-oriented programming and.We want to be able to mutate it.How can.We do that in web 3 space?
So I think.Going with that approach when teaching.This to others is you guys will.Eventually do you guys continue to learn.More about this and actually apply it.I.Think just sticking to a simple analogy.Is the best approach.Less is more.Certainly here. it should not be.Something that one overthinks. I know.I certainly did when I first looked at.This but the end of the day it's fairly.And in terms of state sharing again we.Already discussed this so I think.I will omit that one.Are there any.Questions about.The paradigm of the diamond proxy being.Brought onto Stellar or any.Logistical questions?
Anything we'd be.Happy to answer. Matias had some questions about. large systems built on this that.How do you handle DevOps and monitoring.Etc. .And yeah he says I'm guessing you would.Also offer at least a tool to handle the.Orchestration.So in terms of DevOps, if you want to be.Able to.Understand what's happening to let's say.You have a very complex program and.Smart contracts may be dynamically.Deployed based on criteria,.You need to be able to monitor that.So that is an excellent question and.That is one of the reasons why we have.The diamond loop and the diamond loop.Allows us to introspect.But there's.Another part to this SCP filing and.That's that when you perform a diamond.Cut events are emitted and with those.Emitted events we have built in Rust a.Stellar indexer that captures these.Events.And so you're wanting to do DevOps,.You're wanting to make sure okay.Everything is good.there aren't issues.And if there are issues we want to see.Them right away.You have an indexer.Run.You pass the index or the contract.Address of the diamond which as we know.Is a stable address.it's not going to.Change.And your indexer will then listen to.Events and you will have some.Application then that.Listens to specific types of those.Events and if certain criteria are met,.You can send an alert to pager whatever.Software you decide to use.So really it's through indexing and.Listening and diamond loop functionality.As well as listening to just those.Emitted events that we open the door.As.For.Do we provide like an actual toolkit.That allows one to. monitor their diamond?
We don't have.Like an actual program to do that.We have some components that allow one.To build towards that.And I think that.As a community working towards that.Would be a a very important next step.Because then at that point we open the.Door to organizations very large ones in.Fact that they want to build out complex.They don't have to worry about.The immutability of blockchain as we.they just hop on board and.Then they already have this open-source.Toolkit that does all this monitoring.For them. we it's certainly something.That can be done.There are no.Limitations there.Good question. Yeah, there's another question. if.You have a demo app that's built on. Stellar that are using this. Yep.Before we jump into the demo app,.Thomas, maybe it would also be good to.Show them the diamond looper that we.Built for seller to introspect this and.Then jump into the app. Oh, , for this presentation as we.Discussed, we would just go straight.Into the, , other app, but we do have.A link to repository to show that, and.It is getting short on time anyways, so.We will go straight into the app.No.Worries.Sounds good. Thomas question by silence there to.Say that if you made an app there must.Be a contract to handle shared storage.Layer correct because he's feels like.He's having a fundamental.Misunderstanding. so you don't even have to worry worry.About the shared storage layer that's.Abstracted away.It's that if you want.To access storage in Sorabon, you're not.Calling env.persistent.Let's say you're doing env.shared.Storage.persistent.That's the new pattern.So, it's very.Similar. Okay, that sounds.Silence.Once you review it, I think.It'll make itself clear once you.Actually have a peek at the SCP.But go on, Thomas.So,.As we're developers, I'm just going to.Draw our attention to what this.Application.Looks like from a more programmatic.View.We have.The diamond factory that we talked.About.This is what we use to actually.Deploy.And we have all these facets.That we've deployed.And these are going to be used in a way.That allows us to keep track of KYC.So in this application,.We have a set of compliance rules.So we.Have some.Say base requirements that a person.Identity must pass.they have extended.KYC requirements and then somebody could.Come along and say, "Well, hold on.Was just told by some regulatory agency.That we need. rule.54b or something." So, we go ahead, we.Add that in.We have now the set of constraints that.One must pass in order to pass KYC.Verification.You have.That on the ledger. right now I'm.Pointing at says Stellar test net but.Really it's pointing to a local quick.Start docker image for development.Purposes. you have trusted issuers.In this case, we just have the company.Name and the trusted issuer has an.Address and they have defined a set of.Compliance rules.And if you look here,.We have these rules.And say want to add rule 54b,.We can go ahead and do that.And we update the trusted issuers's.And now the trusted issuer manages these.Identities.These are individuals.This case, several of us on the call,.Uber and Sebastian are identities here.If somebody wants to go through the KYC.Process, they would come here and they.Would.Add in information that allows us to.Keep track of what's going on.Organization admin, this is called the.Admin portal after all, allows one to.Keep track of this in a way that.Increases public trust.As far as how.This relates to the diamond proxy, well,.You can just imagine a case where we.Want to change the data structure.Let's.Say we want additional columns here in.The data.If we just had an immutable.Smart contract, we couldn't actually.Just change it.What we would have to do.Is several things.we would have to.Create a new smart contract, redeploy.It, take all the old data from the first.Smart contract and copy it over and.That's not fun.But with this approach,.You can go ahead and you can upgrade it.And it's still going to point to the.Same information. the only sense of migration really is.Just you keeping track of okay.Am I changing the shape of the data.Internally in any way and then that.Comes down to the burden as always is.Placed on the developer to consider.Carefully their data structures data.Structures inform the architecture of.The overall program. so right So,. so just wanted to address some questions.That came up., there was a question.By Green here about us validating the.Demand with Stellar developers.U, no,.We didn't, , we the target audience.For this wasn't initially the Stellar.Developers.We once we actually.Showcased this to the internal.Foundation team, they were excited about.It.they wanted us to showcase it to the.Development community to be used in.Other Art of Leo tokenization frameworks.Where we did see a significant demand.For it come from was from asset managers.Themselves people that were actually if.You're asking someone to do RWA.Tokenization and you're asking them to.Transition millions if not billions of.Their assets on chain this is something.That they felt comfortable getting.Behind. and and secondly. with respect to Nomics ID what Thomas.Just showcased to you is a digital.Identity framework.We'll also be filing.An SCP for that. and creating a.Standard for anomics ID on the Sora.Network.What the Nomix ID would allow.You to do is create digital identities.On chain that you can then enforce these.Compliance rules on a token. Just cut off. Oh, hello.Can you hear me?
 Oh, hello.Can you hear me?
 Oh, yeah.Uber we can't hear you. Oh, yeah. I can hear you. Oh, okay.U Yeah.So, so what it would.Allow them to do.So, so what it would allow you to.Do is create these digital identities,.Collect the appropriate documentation.That you need against each one of these.Compliance rules that's being set.Against a particular identity, and then.If you actually we we're running short.On time here, but I'm happy to showcase.This demo at a later stage. when you.Actually go to create or issue tokens.That are part of this diamond proxy.Standard that also include the identity.Storage as well as the token storage.You're actually able to.Superimpose individual tokens with.Prerequisite compliance rules.So it.Gives DeFi it gives DeFi a somewhat.Centralized flavor which is mandated by.Regulators in order to facilitate the.Transition of RWA onchain.Right.So, so, so to answer your.Question in a roundabout way, I am.Green.The entire intent was if we want.Asset managers that have not interacted.With blockchain technology that are have.No clue about the underlying tech, but.They want to adopt, they want to get on.Board with the tokenization bandwagon.And they want to come into RWAS.Telling.Them that their contracts are actually.Upgradable in a very modular manner.Gives them peace of mind while still.Preserving the audit trail that already.Occurred on the previous transactions in.The previous iteration of that contract.Yeah, I think it makes a lot of.Sense.U this this may not be this may.Not be a good fit for all projects, but.I think you you had some some good use.Cases where where this makes a lot of.Sense to to to build it this way.No, it would all be article ways because.Otherwise you are adding unnecessary.Complexity unless you're creating a D5.Protocol that you is more experimental.And you're expecting to update it on a.Regular cadence, maybe that would be.A good fit.But if it's just a.Oneanddone deployment project, yeah,.You're better off just doing it the old.Way.But if you are doing RWAS and if.You are trying to win clients in the RWA.Space, giving those clients this peace.Of mind because legislation always.Trails innovation.There's going to be.More legislative rules and policies that.Are going to come in place that these.Smart contracts will eventually have to.Comply with.Great.I don't know if there's any.Last minute questions before we we end. yeah, now you get it.My apologies.Should have we should have started with.That shared.The entire purpose of the.Shared storage is because if you.Upgraded a contract and you tell me all.Of my historical transaction data is.Gone, the SEC is going to be banging on.Their doors and it's gi well played.Game over.They will never adopt.Is a way to soften the blow for asset.Managers to bring them on check. Yes. By a whole lot.because before.That they didn't even want to talk to.You. , Neil, you say you have a question.What is your question?
Is it related to.The topic here?
Yeah, I don't think we have any more.Yeah, I don't think we have any more.Questions.Well, oh yeah,. learn American language.Okay,. it's more of a statement than a.Question. I agree 100%.Learn Sorban. great.Thank you so much for joining.Today.This was super interesting.I I. I'm looking forward to see see the.Progress and and see how this will.Play out., I think it's it it there's.Definitely some some use cases where I.See this has massive benefits., so.Yeah, super exciting.Thank you all for.Joining and thank you for everyone.Who viewed this live live stream.We'll.Be back again next Thursday.Thank you.Bye. Thanks, guys.And look out for comments.From both Wald and Silence.Guys. Thank you.Have a good one, guys.See.Take care.
