Hi and welcome to this week's Stella Hi and welcome to this week's Stella developer meeting with me in the studio. Developer meeting with me in the studio developer meeting with me in the studio here. Today I have Fernando from dop. Here. Today I have Fernando from dop here. Today I have Fernando from dop protocol and I can't exactly remember. Protocol and I can't exactly remember protocol and I can't exactly remember when I heard about dop protocol for the. When I heard about dop protocol for the when I heard about dop protocol for the first time but I do remember I noticed. First time but I do remember I noticed first time but I do remember I noticed that my feeds in all social media like. That my feeds in all social media like that my feeds in all social media like LinkedIn X anywhere this company just. LinkedIn X anywhere this company just LinkedIn X anywhere this company just started to pop up and there was articles. Started to pop up and there was articles started to pop up and there was articles. And they were going to conferences and I and they were going to conferences and I. And they were going to conferences and I just just got really curious about just just got really curious about. Just just got really curious about what's up with these guys what are they what's up with these guys what are they. What's up with these guys what are they doing so and and of course they were doing so and and of course they were. Doing so and and of course they were attacking Stellar in everything they attacking Stellar in everything they. Attacking Stellar in everything they were doing being awesome ambassadors. So were doing being awesome ambassadors. So. Were doing being awesome ambassadors. So I started to to read a little bit up on I started to to read a little bit up on. I started to to read a little bit up on what they're doing and since then I've what they're doing and since then I've. What they're doing and since then I've had the pleasure of meeting the the had the pleasure of meeting the the. Had the pleasure of meeting the the whole team several times um last last whole team several times um last last. Whole team several times um last last time actually this week uh in Silicon time actually this week uh in Silicon. Time actually this week uh in Silicon Valley where I met Oscar but uh met the Valley where I met Oscar but uh met the. Valley where I met Oscar but uh met the team also at Meridian uh many other team also at Meridian uh many other. Team also at Meridian uh many other places. So I think it's a great places. So I think it's a great. Places. So I think it's a great opportunity to have them here in the opportunity to have them here in the. Opportunity to have them here in the studio and and hear what they're up to, studio and and hear what they're up to,. Studio and and hear what they're up to, what they're doing and and share with what they're doing and and share with. What they're doing and and share with the rest of the community. So welcome the rest of the community. So welcome. The rest of the community. So welcome Fernando and thank you for joining Fernando and thank you for joining. Fernando and thank you for joining today. Today. Today. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you for the invitation Ken. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you for the invitation Ken. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you for the invitation Ken. I'm pleasure to be here. Um so should I I'm pleasure to be here. Um so should I I'm pleasure to be here. Um so should I. Just now continue with the presentation? Just now continue with the presentation? Just now continue with the presentation? &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe maybe just uh just tell a &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe maybe just uh just tell a. &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe maybe just uh just tell a little bit about um who you are, how. Little bit about um who you are, how little bit about um who you are, how long how long time you've been working. Long how long time you've been working long how long time you've been working on protocol. On protocol. On protocol. &gt;&gt; A bit of an introduction. Uh I'm &gt;&gt; A bit of an introduction. Uh I'm. &gt;&gt; A bit of an introduction. Uh I'm Fernando Castillo. I'm currently the CTO. Fernando Castillo. I'm currently the CTO Fernando Castillo. I'm currently the CTO. Of DOP protocol, one of the co-founders of DOP protocol, one of the co-founders of DOP protocol, one of the co-founders. And um and um and um our main goal uh now with the protocol our main goal uh now with the protocol. Our main goal uh now with the protocol is to is to is to be able to all of the infrastructure. Be able to all of the infrastructure be able to all of the infrastructure that's not being funded uh to get funded. That's not being funded uh to get funded that's not being funded uh to get funded. Uh by decentralized means. And uh now in uh by decentralized means. And uh now in. Uh by decentralized means. And uh now in this presentation this presentation this presentation. Uh hopefully I'm going to show a way on uh hopefully I'm going to show a way on uh hopefully I'm going to show a way on. How we can do that with uh doken studio how we can do that with uh doken studio how we can do that with uh doken studio. And with the other tools we've been and with the other tools we've been and with the other tools we've been. Developing. Developing. Developing. So um first um yeah what's the team a So um first um yeah what's the team a So um first um yeah what's the team a. Bit of also an introduction bit of also an introduction bit of also an introduction. Uh car and already mentioned Oscar he's uh car and already mentioned Oscar he's uh car and already mentioned Oscar he's. Our CEO he's currently at uh Silicon our CEO he's currently at uh Silicon our CEO he's currently at uh Silicon. Valley uh doing the embark pro program Valley uh doing the embark pro program Valley uh doing the embark pro program. With Deron University in conjunction with Deron University in conjunction with Deron University in conjunction. With Stellar with Stellar with Stellar um also we have Simone Spinola who's our um also we have Simone Spinola who's our. Um also we have Simone Spinola who's our operation and business uh officer and operation and business uh officer and. Operation and business uh officer and myself as I said already and also as a myself as I said already and also as a. Myself as I said already and also as a side note I'm finishing my PhD until side note I'm finishing my PhD until. Side note I'm finishing my PhD until Berlin now I'm in Germany currently so Berlin now I'm in Germany currently so. Berlin now I'm in Germany currently so it's a bit uh late for me now it's 10 it's a bit uh late for me now it's 10. It's a bit uh late for me now it's 10 p.m. But I'm happy to be here and uh p.m. But I'm happy to be here and uh. P.m. But I'm happy to be here and uh yeah so what's the the problem that we yeah so what's the the problem that we. Yeah so what's the the problem that we are facing is that in Latin America are facing is that in Latin America. Are facing is that in Latin America there are a lot of infrastructure there are a lot of infrastructure. There are a lot of infrastructure operators that are lacking fund and they operators that are lacking fund and they. Operators that are lacking fund and they struggle to to scale because on struggle to to scale because on. Struggle to to scale because on traditional banking systems the they traditional banking systems the they. Traditional banking systems the they require to go to to ask to the bank to require to go to to ask to the bank to. Require to go to to ask to the bank to then request for a loan then go through then request for a loan then go through. Then request for a loan then go through all the bureaucracy of the bank. Uh but all the bureaucracy of the bank. Uh but. All the bureaucracy of the bank. Uh but uh then also time moves and they need uh then also time moves and they need. Uh then also time moves and they need the the money to deploy and to uh create the the money to deploy and to uh create. The the money to deploy and to uh create this new infrastructure that is not this new infrastructure that is not. This new infrastructure that is not risky by itself but maybe the banks risky by itself but maybe the banks. Risky by itself but maybe the banks consider is risky because of the type of consider is risky because of the type of. Consider is risky because of the type of size of the company maybe or the type of. Size of the company maybe or the type of size of the company maybe or the type of. Emerging market. So it's but it's not emerging market. So it's but it's not emerging market. So it's but it's not. That the business business itself of that the business business itself of that the business business itself of. That infrastructure is um non um that infrastructure is um non um that infrastructure is um non um. Investable or that it will give money uh investable or that it will give money uh. Investable or that it will give money uh returns. Returns. Returns. So as I was saying uh let's imagine that So as I was saying uh let's imagine that. So as I was saying uh let's imagine that you are Mariano you are trying to get a you are Mariano you are trying to get a. You are Mariano you are trying to get a traditional credit a loan for for a traditional credit a loan for for a. Traditional credit a loan for for a bank. uh but this uh depending on the bank. uh but this uh depending on the. Bank. uh but this uh depending on the country also for example we've recently country also for example we've recently. Country also for example we've recently seen in Argentina how this uh country seen in Argentina how this uh country. Seen in Argentina how this uh country was facing high inflation rates or was facing high inflation rates or. Was facing high inflation rates or similar situation with Venezuela similar situation with Venezuela. Similar situation with Venezuela and other countries in Latin America and other countries in Latin America. And other countries in Latin America with high inflation rates that then uh with high inflation rates that then uh. With high inflation rates that then uh this ties those loans to higher interest this ties those loans to higher interest. This ties those loans to higher interest rates plus the the risk on the country rates plus the the risk on the country. Rates plus the the risk on the country itself. Itself. Itself. Uh so uh there's this problem of banks Uh so uh there's this problem of banks Uh so uh there's this problem of banks. Uh because of these situations not uh uh because of these situations not uh uh because of these situations not uh. Giving beneficial loans to giving beneficial loans to giving beneficial loans to uh to these infrastructure operators and. Uh to these infrastructure operators and uh to these infrastructure operators and. At the same time uh if the at the same time uh if the at the same time uh if the infrastructure operator would uh go for. Infrastructure operator would uh go for infrastructure operator would uh go for example for a crowdfunding or a regular. Example for a crowdfunding or a regular example for a crowdfunding or a regular crowdfunding uh solution where they. Crowdfunding uh solution where they crowdfunding uh solution where they could go online and then they could say. Could go online and then they could say could go online and then they could say okay um let's get all of these people. Okay um let's get all of these people okay um let's get all of these people request this this uh this amount of. Request this this uh this amount of request this this uh this amount of money. I don't know, let's ask for $100. Money. I don't know, let's ask for $100 money. I don't know, let's ask for $100 uh,000. Uh,000 uh,000 so we can build this power grid uh based so we can build this power grid uh based. So we can build this power grid uh based on on solar uh power. Then how then this. On on solar uh power. Then how then this on on solar uh power. Then how then this. Operator could uh return or distribute operator could uh return or distribute operator could uh return or distribute. The revenue that this energy production the revenue that this energy production the revenue that this energy production. Is generating? Is generating? Is generating? Uh and how could they do it in a trust uh and how could they do it in a trust uh and how could they do it in a trust. Um trustworthy fashion. So all of the uh um trustworthy fashion. So all of the uh. Um trustworthy fashion. So all of the uh all of the people that were investing or. All of the people that were investing or all of the people that were investing or. Supporting the project supporting the project supporting the project um can can give the the the money back. Um can can give the the the money back um can can give the the the money back or the the investment. And just as a. Or the the investment. And just as a or the the investment. And just as a parenthesis uh latam infra operators are. Parenthesis uh latam infra operators are parenthesis uh latam infra operators are. Latin American infrastructure operators. Latin American infrastructure operators. Latin American infrastructure operators. They are for example uh medium to small They are for example uh medium to small They are for example uh medium to small. Companies companies companies um that have this infrastructure um that have this infrastructure. Um that have this infrastructure projects. For example, a small or not so projects. For example, a small or not so. Projects. For example, a small or not so small but maybe a few kilowatts small but maybe a few kilowatts. Small but maybe a few kilowatts or 100 kilowatts of uh um power into or 100 kilowatts of uh um power into. Or 100 kilowatts of uh um power into injecting into the energy grid. for injecting into the energy grid. for. Injecting into the energy grid. for example, a solar base or holic example, a solar base or holic. Example, a solar base or holic or there could be other type of or there could be other type of. Or there could be other type of infrastructure for example uh a data infrastructure for example uh a data. Infrastructure for example uh a data center or any type of infrastructure center or any type of infrastructure. Center or any type of infrastructure that's not uh relying on a on a big that's not uh relying on a on a big. That's not uh relying on a on a big company because big companies company because big companies. Company because big companies uh they wouldn't have this type of uh they wouldn't have this type of. Uh they wouldn't have this type of problem to to access uh credits or loans problem to to access uh credits or loans. Problem to to access uh credits or loans from banks. From banks. From banks. Uh so in our or what are we proposing as Uh so in our or what are we proposing as. Uh so in our or what are we proposing as a solution we have this separated in in a solution we have this separated in in. A solution we have this separated in in four steps. One is to provide uh a tool four steps. One is to provide uh a tool. Four steps. One is to provide uh a tool for the operator for the operator for the operator. To hand uh out verifiable data from to hand uh out verifiable data from to hand uh out verifiable data from. Their existing their existing their existing uh company or projects. So they can for. Uh company or projects. So they can for uh company or projects. So they can for example uh validate okay this um solar. Example uh validate okay this um solar example uh validate okay this um solar solar cell is going to produce uh this. Solar cell is going to produce uh this solar cell is going to produce uh this amount of energy because it has this. Amount of energy because it has this amount of energy because it has this specifications. Specifications. Specifications. Um I can I have already bought them for Um I can I have already bought them for Um I can I have already bought them for. This price or I have this uh revenue this price or I have this uh revenue this price or I have this uh revenue. Evidence for similar evidence for similar evidence for similar uh infrastructure uh infrastructure. Uh infrastructure uh pictures or proof of location for uh pictures or proof of location for. Uh pictures or proof of location for example for where is it installed the example for where is it installed the. Example for where is it installed the the infrastructure the infrastructure the infrastructure. And that that's the first part of okay and that that's the first part of okay and that that's the first part of okay. How can we give some some how can we give some some how can we give some some uh due diligence for example that's the. Uh due diligence for example that's the uh due diligence for example that's the same thing that the bank would go when. Same thing that the bank would go when same thing that the bank would go when when this person goes to the bank. Okay,. When this person goes to the bank. Okay, when this person goes to the bank. Okay,. Show me the papers. How can I I know show me the papers. How can I I know show me the papers. How can I I know. That you are not going to ask for the that you are not going to ask for the that you are not going to ask for the. Money for an an madeup project, but uh money for an an madeup project, but uh money for an an madeup project, but uh. It's a real project and you're a real it's a real project and you're a real it's a real project and you're a real. Company that was not just created company that was not just created company that was not just created. Yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday. Then uh all of this information is um Then uh all of this information is um Then uh all of this information is um. Naturally uh audited and revised um by naturally uh audited and revised um by naturally uh audited and revised um by. By automated process that are human le. By automated process that are human le. By automated process that are human le. Uh what does that mean? Uh it means that Uh what does that mean? Uh it means that. Uh what does that mean? Uh it means that uh we check for example okay this is a uh we check for example okay this is a. Uh we check for example okay this is a receipt uh but it has a digital receipt uh but it has a digital. Receipt uh but it has a digital signature. So it's not that uh this signature. So it's not that uh this. Signature. So it's not that uh this invoice for example you get from from invoice for example you get from from. Invoice for example you get from from another company paying for your service another company paying for your service. Another company paying for your service or for your infrastructure or for your infrastructure. Or for your infrastructure is uh is making this up but at least is uh is making this up but at least. Is uh is making this up but at least it's on on the record it's on the ledger it's on on the record it's on the ledger. It's on on the record it's on the ledger of the tax offices for example or or the. Of the tax offices for example or or the of the tax offices for example or or the. Corresponding corresponding corresponding regulatory regulatory regulatory uh office in charge of of invoice. Uh office in charge of of invoice uh office in charge of of invoice and then uh so they they cannot uh be. And then uh so they they cannot uh be and then uh so they they cannot uh be made up and the same with the with the. Made up and the same with the with the made up and the same with the with the revenues or how other distribution. Revenues or how other distribution revenues or how other distribution processes have been made. And then um so and and the and the third And then um so and and the and the third. Part is okay how can we then uh get this part is okay how can we then uh get this. Part is okay how can we then uh get this decentralized uh funding into the hands decentralized uh funding into the hands. Decentralized uh funding into the hands of Mariano the one that was asking for of Mariano the one that was asking for. Of Mariano the one that was asking for the funding. So for this is where we the funding. So for this is where we. The funding. So for this is where we have the smart contracts that take care have the smart contracts that take care. Have the smart contracts that take care of this um operation where the of this um operation where the. Of this um operation where the supporters for the project can support supporters for the project can support. Supporters for the project can support Mariano's infrastructure project and Mariano's infrastructure project and. Mariano's infrastructure project and then he can gets the fund uh to install then he can gets the fund uh to install. Then he can gets the fund uh to install or do the setup for their for their or do the setup for their for their. Or do the setup for their for their project. Then uh the same once uh project. Then uh the same once uh. Project. Then uh the same once uh Mariano needs or is going to pay back uh Mariano needs or is going to pay back uh. Mariano needs or is going to pay back uh with the corresponding interest to their. With the corresponding interest to their with the corresponding interest to their. Uh supporters uh supporters uh supporters then the smart contract also takes care. Then the smart contract also takes care then the smart contract also takes care of that with a decentralized. Of that with a decentralized of that with a decentralized distribution that's transparent and it's. Distribution that's transparent and it's distribution that's transparent and it's. Auditable for all of the stakeholders. And this is uh currently on on a suite And this is uh currently on on a suite that we're calling DO token studio. That we're calling DO token studio. That we're calling DO token studio. There There There uh basically we have two two types of uh uh basically we have two two types of uh. Uh basically we have two two types of uh users. Uh now we're thinking of a third users. Uh now we're thinking of a third. Users. Uh now we're thinking of a third user but the two main users of you user but the two main users of you. User but the two main users of you probably have noticed already are the probably have noticed already are the. Probably have noticed already are the infrastructure operator and the uh infrastructure operator and the uh. Infrastructure operator and the uh investor or supporter. on one side the investor or supporter. on one side the. Investor or supporter. on one side the infrastructure operator as I was saying infrastructure operator as I was saying. Infrastructure operator as I was saying takes care of uploading the information takes care of uploading the information. Takes care of uploading the information the device uh information how uh this is the device uh information how uh this is. The device uh information how uh this is technically behaving how is the type of technically behaving how is the type of. Technically behaving how is the type of uh revenue it's going to generate is uh revenue it's going to generate is. Uh revenue it's going to generate is it's going to generate distributions or it's going to generate distributions or. It's going to generate distributions or revenue distributions revenue distributions. Revenue distributions uh every month every week or every uh every month every week or every. Uh every month every week or every quarter or annually. And those are the quarter or annually. And those are the. Quarter or annually. And those are the those sets uh the expected uh APR those sets uh the expected uh APR. Those sets uh the expected uh APR that the uh infrastructure operator is that the uh infrastructure operator is. That the uh infrastructure operator is offering. Uh once this is done then uh offering. Uh once this is done then uh. Offering. Uh once this is done then uh this goes into the blockchain. So it's this goes into the blockchain. So it's. This goes into the blockchain. So it's it's committed that okay this is the it's committed that okay this is the. It's committed that okay this is the information we're committed for the information we're committed for the. Information we're committed for the posterior auditing and then as I said posterior auditing and then as I said. Posterior auditing and then as I said this is reviewed uh the authenticity and this is reviewed uh the authenticity and. This is reviewed uh the authenticity and the validity of the information the validity of the information. The validity of the information &gt;&gt; maybe maybe you can just have a moment &gt;&gt; maybe maybe you can just have a moment. &gt;&gt; maybe maybe you can just have a moment there's there's a couple of questions. There's there's a couple of questions there's there's a couple of questions &gt;&gt; uh. &gt;&gt; uh &gt;&gt; uh yes uh so uh yes actually well going for yes uh so uh yes actually well going for. Yes uh so uh yes actually well going for the first question what are latam in the first question what are latam in. The first question what are latam in front of operator Latin operators are uh front of operator Latin operators are uh. Front of operator Latin operators are uh Latin American infrastructure operators. Latin American infrastructure operators. Latin American infrastructure operators. They are the ones that that want to get They are the ones that that want to get They are the ones that that want to get. Funded. Um funded. Um funded. Um RWS and infra are inherently illquid. RWS and infra are inherently illquid. RWS and infra are inherently illquid. How do you address that? Yes. uh that's How do you address that? Yes. uh that's How do you address that? Yes. uh that's. One of the innovation that we are we are one of the innovation that we are we are. One of the innovation that we are we are doing is that we are not uh tokenizing doing is that we are not uh tokenizing. Doing is that we are not uh tokenizing maybe that was one point that I was maybe that was one point that I was. Maybe that was one point that I was missing is that we are not tokenizing missing is that we are not tokenizing. Missing is that we are not tokenizing the infrastructure by itself but what we the infrastructure by itself but what we. The infrastructure by itself but what we are focusing is on the revenue this are focusing is on the revenue this. Are focusing is on the revenue this infrastructure is going to to generate infrastructure is going to to generate. Infrastructure is going to to generate and that comes with a higher risk uh and that comes with a higher risk uh. And that comes with a higher risk uh obviously but then uh it balances is the obviously but then uh it balances is the. Obviously but then uh it balances is the higher risk with the with a higher APR. Higher risk with the with a higher APR. Higher risk with the with a higher APR. Uh how do you solve regulatory Uh how do you solve regulatory Uh how do you solve regulatory. Compliance low issues? Uh yes, this is compliance low issues? Uh yes, this is compliance low issues? Uh yes, this is. Uh I I I I really don't think I will be uh I I I I really don't think I will be uh I I I I really don't think I will be. Able to address all of those uh able to address all of those uh able to address all of those uh. Regulatory compliance issues, but I can regulatory compliance issues, but I can regulatory compliance issues, but I can. Say that because of the of the nature of say that because of the of the nature of. Say that because of the of the nature of the project that as I was saying earlier. The project that as I was saying earlier the project that as I was saying earlier. Um we are not tokenizing an asset and it um we are not tokenizing an asset and it. Um we are not tokenizing an asset and it itself but we are working with the itself but we are working with the. Itself but we are working with the future revenue it will produce that can future revenue it will produce that can. Future revenue it will produce that can uh solve uh solve uh solve uh other type of uh compliance around. Uh other type of uh compliance around uh other type of uh compliance around regulation issues but also it's. Regulation issues but also it's regulation issues but also it's important to mention that uh this is. Important to mention that uh this is important to mention that uh this is very uh local and depending on on on. Very uh local and depending on on on very uh local and depending on on on each country finally so uh it will it. Each country finally so uh it will it each country finally so uh it will it won't be the same for example the same. Won't be the same for example the same won't be the same for example the same in the US and uh here in Germany or in. In the US and uh here in Germany or in in the US and uh here in Germany or in Chile. Chile Chile um okay then wait pay is this a loan or um okay then wait pay is this a loan or. Um okay then wait pay is this a loan or is it a revenue participating in the is it a revenue participating in the. Is it a revenue participating in the project project project uh Yes. So this can be considered um as. Uh Yes. So this can be considered um as uh Yes. So this can be considered um as m multiple things. So in the end uh is. M multiple things. So in the end uh is m multiple things. So in the end uh is the this uh revenue for the what the. The this uh revenue for the what the the this uh revenue for the what the infrastructure generates that's as I was. Infrastructure generates that's as I was infrastructure generates that's as I was. Saying is what's uh being kind of saying is what's uh being kind of saying is what's uh being kind of. Tokenized. Tokenized. Tokenized. Uh so but then if you look at from a Uh so but then if you look at from a Uh so but then if you look at from a. Different perspective then or the different perspective then or the different perspective then or the. Traditional perspective this could be traditional perspective this could be traditional perspective this could be. Taken as alone from the chat file. Uh I taken as alone from the chat file. Uh I taken as alone from the chat file. Uh I. I see Oscar was as I see Oscar was as I see Oscar was as now now now uh uh uh is there I don't know is who review. Is there I don't know is who review is there I don't know is who review central yes I think that's um those are. Central yes I think that's um those are central yes I think that's um those are most of the questions then uh yes this. Most of the questions then uh yes this most of the questions then uh yes this is um obviously this is um a a regulated. Is um obviously this is um a a regulated is um obviously this is um a a regulated. Um service it cannot is uh not the the um service it cannot is uh not the the um service it cannot is uh not the the. Wild west But um now I I will focus wild west But um now I I will focus wild west But um now I I will focus. Mostly on the technological part of how mostly on the technological part of how mostly on the technological part of how. We are addressing these issues because we are addressing these issues because we are addressing these issues because. For compliance I think we we can take a for compliance I think we we can take a for compliance I think we we can take a. Bit longer to answer all of those bit longer to answer all of those bit longer to answer all of those. Questions. Okay. So um I'll continue then. Um so Okay. So um I'll continue then. Um so with this we are uh offering uh multiple. With this we are uh offering uh multiple with this we are uh offering uh multiple. Features features features uh in this platform that uh this we can uh in this platform that uh this we can. Uh in this platform that uh this we can submit multiple type of evidence. Submit multiple type of evidence. Submit multiple type of evidence. Uh this is um based on on the concept of Uh this is um based on on the concept of. Uh this is um based on on the concept of trusts where we are producing evidence trusts where we are producing evidence. Trusts where we are producing evidence for all of the stages uh and all of the for all of the stages uh and all of the. For all of the stages uh and all of the interaction the infrastructure and the interaction the infrastructure and the. Interaction the infrastructure and the operators are generating and producing. Operators are generating and producing. Operators are generating and producing. What does that mean? For example, What does that mean? For example, What does that mean? For example,. Uh when the operator uh the first one I uh when the operator uh the first one I uh when the operator uh the first one I. I mentioned it already, the operator can I mentioned it already, the operator can. I mentioned it already, the operator can submit, okay, these are the technical submit, okay, these are the technical. Submit, okay, these are the technical specifications or this is uh an invoice. Specifications or this is uh an invoice. Specifications or this is uh an invoice. Uh but then we can get more complex Uh but then we can get more complex Uh but then we can get more complex. Evidence when we start to aggregate uh evidence when we start to aggregate uh evidence when we start to aggregate uh. Different types of evidence because uh different types of evidence because uh different types of evidence because uh. One in invoice alone for alone for one in invoice alone for alone for one in invoice alone for alone for. Example uh would mean okay you you will example uh would mean okay you you will example uh would mean okay you you will. You will receive this payment in the you will receive this payment in the you will receive this payment in the. Future or you are receiving it now but future or you are receiving it now but future or you are receiving it now but. Then to do the accounting uh evidence then to do the accounting uh evidence then to do the accounting uh evidence. For example for that we need to connect for example for that we need to connect for example for that we need to connect. With the ERP of the of the business and with the ERP of the of the business and with the ERP of the of the business and. That's uh more complex than just uh that's uh more complex than just uh that's uh more complex than just uh. Verifying a a single invoice. Then uh verifying a a single invoice. Then uh verifying a a single invoice. Then uh. Humanoled guided integrity check humanoled guided integrity check humanoled guided integrity check. Uh means that even though this uh uh means that even though this uh uh means that even though this uh. Project uh or what we are doing is project uh or what we are doing is project uh or what we are doing is. Highly uh depending on automatization highly uh depending on automatization highly uh depending on automatization. Uh automat automation uh automat automation uh automat automation uh we still require uh people in the. Uh we still require uh people in the uh we still require uh people in the loop. personally looked at uh so. Loop. personally looked at uh so loop. personally looked at uh so everything goes um yes as as I was. Everything goes um yes as as I was everything goes um yes as as I was mentioning earlier on the the accord. Mentioning earlier on the the accord mentioning earlier on the the accord regulation then uh will rely on the. Regulation then uh will rely on the regulation then uh will rely on the onchain verification module so all of. Onchain verification module so all of onchain verification module so all of the transactions especially for the the. The transactions especially for the the the transactions especially for the the the stakeholders that are supporting the. The stakeholders that are supporting the the stakeholders that are supporting the. Project or the infrastructure operator project or the infrastructure operator project or the infrastructure operator. They can see how all of these actions they can see how all of these actions they can see how all of these actions. Are uh being verified and chained how are uh being verified and chained how are uh being verified and chained how. They are transparent with the respective they are transparent with the respective. They are transparent with the respective proofs. Proofs. Proofs. And finally And finally And finally um as uh every project is different uh um as uh every project is different uh. Um as uh every project is different uh all of them will have a different type all of them will have a different type. All of them will have a different type of scorings for for and with this will of scorings for for and with this will. Of scorings for for and with this will represent basically from high risk represent basically from high risk. Represent basically from high risk project to uh and higher APR and uh project to uh and higher APR and uh. Project to uh and higher APR and uh lower risk and lower therefore APR uh and in practical terms how is this uh. Uh and in practical terms how is this uh the overview of this uh this um smart the overview of this uh this um smart. The overview of this uh this um smart contracts in particular for the token contracts in particular for the token. Contracts in particular for the token studio is that um we as uh the the or studio is that um we as uh the the or. Studio is that um we as uh the the or the infrastructure operator deploys the the infrastructure operator deploys the. The infrastructure operator deploys the the splitter contract the splitter contract. The splitter contract and there we have uh different functions and there we have uh different functions. And there we have uh different functions uh to define the shareholders uh to define the shareholders. Uh to define the shareholders uh how are they going to be allocated, uh how are they going to be allocated,. Uh how are they going to be allocated, how are they going to uh do the how are they going to uh do the. How are they going to uh do the withdrawals uh every um how how often withdrawals uh every um how how often. Withdrawals uh every um how how often are going to be the distribution events are going to be the distribution events. Are going to be the distribution events and uh to which token is this uh binded and uh to which token is this uh binded. And uh to which token is this uh binded regularly we will be working with uh regularly we will be working with uh. Regularly we will be working with uh USDC USDC USDC uh but for example this could take other. Uh but for example this could take other uh but for example this could take other. Type of tokens if uh that's how that type of tokens if uh that's how that type of tokens if uh that's how that. Project is defined but um most of most project is defined but um most of most project is defined but um most of most. Of the time uh we work with uh USDC of the time uh we work with uh USDC of the time uh we work with uh USDC. And in in simple terms uh it's um super and in in simple terms uh it's um super and in in simple terms uh it's um super. Uh s I think it's super easy to uh s I think it's super easy to uh s I think it's super easy to. Understand if there's one uh chair understand if there's one uh chair understand if there's one uh chair. Holder or token holder uh with the 10% holder or token holder uh with the 10% holder or token holder uh with the 10%. Then uh once the distribution take place then uh once the distribution take place. Then uh once the distribution take place uh all of the uh all of the uh all of the. All of the revenue that was generated all of the revenue that was generated all of the revenue that was generated. And was uh deposited in into the smart and was uh deposited in into the smart and was uh deposited in into the smart. Contract uh then it will go a 10% into contract uh then it will go a 10% into contract uh then it will go a 10% into. Uh the the one that has a 10% of of the uh the the one that has a 10% of of the uh the the one that has a 10% of of the. Tokens. Tokens. Tokens. So on how this uh distribution flow goes So on how this uh distribution flow goes. So on how this uh distribution flow goes is that um first is that um first is that um first. Uh we have the admin that communicates uh we have the admin that communicates uh we have the admin that communicates. To the distri to the splitter contract to the distri to the splitter contract to the distri to the splitter contract. Uh that's going to do the distribution uh that's going to do the distribution uh that's going to do the distribution. Uh what's the token address then this is uh what's the token address then this is. Uh what's the token address then this is uh verified inside of the smart contract. Uh verified inside of the smart contract uh verified inside of the smart contract. Then it verifies then it verifies then it verifies then check the current balance for. Then check the current balance for then check the current balance for example are those uh Are there 100. Example are those uh Are there 100 example are those uh Are there 100 tokens to to distribute and then in each. Tokens to to distribute and then in each tokens to to distribute and then in each. Case it's uh the loop uh checking on the case it's uh the loop uh checking on the. Case it's uh the loop uh checking on the token holders token holders token holders. And uh the respective balance and and and uh the respective balance and and and uh the respective balance and and. There that's how it does the calculation there that's how it does the calculation. There that's how it does the calculation and this goes then into the storage um and this goes then into the storage um. And this goes then into the storage um class where where uh finish where it's class where where uh finish where it's. Class where where uh finish where it's finished uh with the distribution. It's finished uh with the distribution. It's. Finished uh with the distribution. It's um really straightforward. Um really straightforward. Um really straightforward. Then for the withdraw then the each Then for the withdraw then the each Then for the withdraw then the each. Shareholder or token holder goes into shareholder or token holder goes into shareholder or token holder goes into. The the splitter the the splitter the the splitter uh it does the prospective verification. Uh it does the prospective verification uh it does the prospective verification check with the storage what's the. Check with the storage what's the check with the storage what's the current allocation then decrease on the. Current allocation then decrease on the current allocation then decrease on the storage part then. Storage part then storage part then uh communicates directly with the token uh communicates directly with the token. Uh communicates directly with the token the token does a transfer with a good the token does a transfer with a good. The token does a transfer with a good successful withdraw successful withdraw successful withdraw. And uh then it goes again to the to the And uh then it goes again to the to the And uh then it goes again to the to the. Throold throold throold and uh at the storage level this is just and uh at the storage level this is just. And uh at the storage level this is just just in case um I'm presenting it this just in case um I'm presenting it this. Just in case um I'm presenting it this like this because uh we are currently like this because uh we are currently. Like this because uh we are currently going under the respective revisions and going under the respective revisions and. Going under the respective revisions and auditings. Uh so it's it cannot be auditings. Uh so it's it cannot be. Auditings. Uh so it's it cannot be everything public. uh I mean this can everything public. uh I mean this can. Everything public. uh I mean this can but uh not the code itself yet. But uh not the code itself yet. But uh not the code itself yet. And then uh we have the the cher data And then uh we have the the cher data And then uh we have the the cher data. Key, the config data key and the key, the config data key and the key, the config data key and the. Allocation data key which basically allocation data key which basically allocation data key which basically. Defines defines defines uh how is the uh how is the uh how is the how is the charge for each data holder,. How is the charge for each data holder, how is the charge for each data holder, who's the admin, all of the security,. Who's the admin, all of the security, who's the admin, all of the security, what's the allocation for each uh token. What's the allocation for each uh token what's the allocation for each uh token holder and and then how this can be. Holder and and then how this can be holder and and then how this can be allocated each time the distribution. Allocated each time the distribution allocated each time the distribution goes. Then here um Then here um on the security level on how we are on the security level on how we are. On the security level on how we are defining we are taking this very defining we are taking this very. Defining we are taking this very seriously uh defining uh the access seriously uh defining uh the access. Seriously uh defining uh the access control policies admin only function the control policies admin only function the. Control policies admin only function the authentication the lock on contract the authentication the lock on contract the. Authentication the lock on contract the transfer contracts transfer contracts transfer contracts. Uh also we have uh our internal scripts uh also we have uh our internal scripts uh also we have uh our internal scripts. For doing the a to have a deployer and for doing the a to have a deployer and for doing the a to have a deployer and. Do an anatomical do an anatomical do an anatomical operations. So we don't run on front run. Operations. So we don't run on front run operations. So we don't run on front run. Is front front running is front front running is front front running then we have allocation limits some. Then we have allocation limits some then we have allocation limits some validations. Validations validations and and so on. And and so on. And and so on. Uh and this uh as a first case we've um Uh and this uh as a first case we've um Uh and this uh as a first case we've um. Presented this to investment of returns presented this to investment of returns presented this to investment of returns. For the for the the investors or for the for the the investors or for the for the the investors or. Supporters of of the project of supporters of of the project of supporters of of the project of. Infrastructure. But this for example infrastructure. But this for example infrastructure. But this for example. Could be used as uh token vesting models could be used as uh token vesting models. Could be used as uh token vesting models over team members on time for uh similar. Over team members on time for uh similar over team members on time for uh similar. To the revenue trading for a DAO to the revenue trading for a DAO to the revenue trading for a DAO. Treasury or for reward distribution. And then for the particular And then for the particular uh the feature that were missing for. Uh the feature that were missing for uh the feature that were missing for before are that this is a secure and. Before are that this is a secure and before are that this is a secure and transparent way on how this uh. Transparent way on how this uh transparent way on how this uh distribution distribution. Distribution method is uh performed because all of method is uh performed because all of. Method is uh performed because all of the transactions are done on chain and the transactions are done on chain and. The transactions are done on chain and that these transactions are then that these transactions are then. That these transactions are then proportional to each one of the proportional to each one of the. Proportional to each one of the supporters. So yes, thank you very much. Um I I hope So yes, thank you very much. Um I I hope. I didn't pass on time and I didn't pass on time and I didn't pass on time and &gt;&gt; we we have we have a few questions. Um. &gt;&gt; we we have we have a few questions. Um &gt;&gt; we we have we have a few questions. Um. &gt;&gt; in in the chat I think. Um &gt;&gt; in in the chat I think. Um &gt;&gt; in in the chat I think. Um. &gt;&gt; okay. Uh &gt;&gt; okay. Uh &gt;&gt; okay. Uh &gt;&gt; I think the &gt;&gt; I think the. &gt;&gt; I think the answer answer answer &gt;&gt; yes. So where I was I left uh is it. &gt;&gt; yes. So where I was I left uh is it &gt;&gt; yes. So where I was I left uh is it. Either alone with interest or is it at either alone with interest or is it at either alone with interest or is it at. Your particip Yes. As I said, it's more your particip Yes. As I said, it's more your particip Yes. As I said, it's more. Of a chair participation of the project. Of a chair participation of the project. Of a chair participation of the project. I was making the the loan with interest I was making the the loan with interest I was making the the loan with interest. At the beginning to make the analogy at the beginning to make the analogy at the beginning to make the analogy. With um traditional banking settings. With um traditional banking settings. With um traditional banking settings. Uh who will review centralized entities? Uh who will review centralized entities? Uh who will review centralized entities? Uh yes. I mean this needs to go um all Uh yes. I mean this needs to go um all Uh yes. I mean this needs to go um all. Of all of the businesses and infrastruct of all of the businesses and infrastruct. Of all of the businesses and infrastruct which are the infrastructure operators which are the infrastructure operators. Which are the infrastructure operators in this case goes into a know your in this case goes into a know your. In this case goes into a know your business process because this has to business process because this has to. Business process because this has to also go um with antimony laundering also go um with antimony laundering. Also go um with antimony laundering policy and and all of those regulations. Policy and and all of those regulations. Policy and and all of those regulations. Uh does that mean that the entire review Uh does that mean that the entire review. Uh does that mean that the entire review process and due diligence is no the process and due diligence is no the. Process and due diligence is no the proofs uh or more than the proofs the proofs uh or more than the proofs the. Proofs uh or more than the proofs the the hash of the proofs and the evidence the hash of the proofs and the evidence. The hash of the proofs and the evidence are stored unchanged because we cannot are stored unchanged because we cannot. Are stored unchanged because we cannot just publish um yeah uh accounting just publish um yeah uh accounting. Just publish um yeah uh accounting states or financial states from states or financial states from. States or financial states from companies on chain. Um is it really 100% companies on chain. Um is it really 100%. Companies on chain. Um is it really 100% of the project's revenue or is it some of the project's revenue or is it some. Of the project's revenue or is it some Yes. Uh so when when we consider this uh Yes. Uh so when when we consider this uh. Yes. Uh so when when we consider this uh there's for the for example the the there's for the for example the the. There's for the for example the the energy production that a solar panel is energy production that a solar panel is. Energy production that a solar panel is going to to generate going to to generate. Going to to generate uh it's going let's say it generates 100 uh it's going let's say it generates 100. Uh it's going let's say it generates 100 uh dollars uh per week. Then uh from uh dollars uh per week. Then uh from. Uh dollars uh per week. Then uh from this uh there's a minimal um amount this uh there's a minimal um amount. This uh there's a minimal um amount that's defined uh during the creation of that's defined uh during the creation of. That's defined uh during the creation of the project that needs to go by uh to the project that needs to go by uh to. The project that needs to go by uh to the operation itself. Uh that could be the operation itself. Uh that could be. The operation itself. Uh that could be for example uh 30% or 20% that uh for example uh 30% or 20% that uh. For example uh 30% or 20% that uh depends on the on the project. Depends on the on the project. Depends on the on the project. Uh so it's finally on the uh so it's finally on the uh so it's finally on the uh discounted from the operation then. Uh discounted from the operation then uh discounted from the operation then that's what goes into the what's the. That's what goes into the what's the that's what goes into the what's the distributed how could you manage then. Distributed how could you manage then distributed how could you manage then state expiration if you are storing. State expiration if you are storing state expiration if you are storing hashes on chain. Hashes on chain hashes on chain um um um do you mean like uh if a proof is do you mean like uh if a proof is. Do you mean like uh if a proof is expired for example I I'm not expired for example I I'm not. Expired for example I I'm not Uh to which state do you mean? Uh to which state do you mean? Uh to which state do you mean? Uh world matias. &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh so &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh so that is uh so when proofs are verified that is uh so when proofs are verified. That is uh so when proofs are verified it it depends on the type of pro proof it it depends on the type of pro proof. It it depends on the type of pro proof and there are multiple risk risk when and there are multiple risk risk when. And there are multiple risk risk when you verify proofs. Uh certainly one is you verify proofs. Uh certainly one is. You verify proofs. Uh certainly one is uh for example using old proofs or uh for example using old proofs or. Uh for example using old proofs or reusing proofs. Other is uh reusing proofs. Other is uh. Reusing proofs. Other is uh just trying to use past evidence as just trying to use past evidence as. Just trying to use past evidence as newly evidence. But all of those uh newly evidence. But all of those uh. Newly evidence. But all of those uh parts uh are very part of the ver that parts uh are very part of the ver that. Parts uh are very part of the ver that of the offchain verification. And when of the offchain verification. And when. Of the offchain verification. And when the onchain verification happens the onchain verification happens. The onchain verification happens um this proof is has been already um this proof is has been already. Um this proof is has been already through this process. Um yes. So currently the the guarantees Um yes. So currently the the guarantees where. Do I pass this? Ah uh yeah let me answer do I pass this? Ah uh yeah let me answer. This first. Um yes. So there's currently this first. Um yes. So there's currently. This first. Um yes. So there's currently um a new feature we want to to to do is um a new feature we want to to to do is. Um a new feature we want to to to do is to actually put some collateral that can to actually put some collateral that can. To actually put some collateral that can give uh stakeholders more guarantees. Give uh stakeholders more guarantees. Give uh stakeholders more guarantees. So ina so we would because from the So ina so we would because from the So ina so we would because from the. Beginning this sounds more like okay we beginning this sounds more like okay we beginning this sounds more like okay we. Will we could be giving random money to will we could be giving random money to will we could be giving random money to. A strangers stranger that maybe at that a strangers stranger that maybe at that a strangers stranger that maybe at that. Point everything was true but then still point everything was true but then still. Point everything was true but then still did a rock pole as as you mentioned and did a rock pole as as you mentioned and. Did a rock pole as as you mentioned and and therefore we are uh creating this uh and therefore we are uh creating this uh. And therefore we are uh creating this uh other collateralization mechanisms other collateralization mechanisms. Other collateralization mechanisms but that's um not defined yet. But but that's um not defined yet. But. But that's um not defined yet. But that's why also on the first stage of that's why also on the first stage of. That's why also on the first stage of this we are focusing only on companies this we are focusing only on companies. This we are focusing only on companies that uh we know that uh we know that uh we know. Uh that can give this guarantees and are uh that can give this guarantees and are. Uh that can give this guarantees and are not a meme company for example. So not a meme company for example. So. Not a meme company for example. So that's uh one one really important that's uh one one really important. That's uh one one really important point. Point. Point. Um Um Um so stellar asset or so. So so um so stellar asset or so. So so um so stellar asset or so. So so um. The tok the the the tok the the the tok the the stellar stellar stellar the artist this token actual stellar. The artist this token actual stellar the artist this token actual stellar asset or sorban tokens. So as we as I. Asset or sorban tokens. So as we as I asset or sorban tokens. So as we as I was saying it's uh the token that's. Was saying it's uh the token that's was saying it's uh the token that's distributed is um a USDC. Distributed is um a USDC distributed is um a USDC and how the asset uh of the token holder. And how the asset uh of the token holder and how the asset uh of the token holder. Is also uh a token because uh why and is also uh a token because uh why and is also uh a token because uh why and. Why not a regular seller asset because why not a regular seller asset because why not a regular seller asset because. We needed to create some extra functions we needed to create some extra functions. We needed to create some extra functions that were not uh into the assets. Okay, great. I think uh I think you got Okay, great. I think uh I think you got caught up on all the questions. It's. Caught up on all the questions. It's caught up on all the questions. It's great to see that there's so many. Great to see that there's so many great to see that there's so many questions, so much interest in in what. Questions, so much interest in in what questions, so much interest in in what you guys are doing and how you how you. You guys are doing and how you how you you guys are doing and how you how you uh how you structure it. So yeah, it was. Uh how you structure it. So yeah, it was uh how you structure it. So yeah, it was. Great. Um if there's no other questions, great. Um if there's no other questions,. Great. Um if there's no other questions, then um I guess we can we can stop here,. Then um I guess we can we can stop here, then um I guess we can we can stop here,. But thank you so much for for joining but thank you so much for for joining but thank you so much for for joining. Today. I think it's super interesting to today. I think it's super interesting to. Today. I think it's super interesting to see what you're doing. It's uh I I kind see what you're doing. It's uh I I kind. See what you're doing. It's uh I I kind of um I kind of like these uh uh type of of um I kind of like these uh uh type of. Of um I kind of like these uh uh type of projects that are not um not the typical. Projects that are not um not the typical projects that are not um not the typical. Projects we see. Uh it's definitely projects we see. Uh it's definitely projects we see. Uh it's definitely. Using uh using tokens and using the using uh using tokens and using the using uh using tokens and using the. Platform in a different way. I think platform in a different way. I think platform in a different way. I think. That's that's super interesting. Um that's that's super interesting. Um that's that's super interesting. Um. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just let me add there's a last &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just let me add there's a last. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just let me add there's a last one. One. One. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. To to answer that uh last &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. To to answer that uh last. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. To to answer that uh last question. Yes. One of our also our. Question. Yes. One of our also our question. Yes. One of our also our current goals is uh to bring um. Current goals is uh to bring um current goals is uh to bring um liquidity from other blockchains. Liquidity from other blockchains liquidity from other blockchains um in particular from Ethereum based uh. Um in particular from Ethereum based uh um in particular from Ethereum based uh blockchains uh liquidity and that's uh. Blockchains uh liquidity and that's uh blockchains uh liquidity and that's uh because actually we're not only based on. Because actually we're not only based on because actually we're not only based on. Working on stellar but we're also working on stellar but we're also working on stellar but we're also. Working on base working on base working on base uh and we see this uh potential from. Uh and we see this uh potential from uh and we see this uh potential from bringing more liquidity to stellar. Bringing more liquidity to stellar bringing more liquidity to stellar from base uh through this infrastructure. From base uh through this infrastructure from base uh through this infrastructure. Um projects and uh yes we are taking a um projects and uh yes we are taking a um projects and uh yes we are taking a. Look at uh near intense. &gt;&gt; Great. Well, thank you for joining &gt;&gt; Great. Well, thank you for joining. Everyone and thank you for joining too, everyone and thank you for joining too, everyone and thank you for joining too,. Fernando. It was uh great to to catch up Fernando. It was uh great to to catch up. Fernando. It was uh great to to catch up with you and uh I'm sure I'll see you at. With you and uh I'm sure I'll see you at with you and uh I'm sure I'll see you at. Events around the world like I have this events around the world like I have this. Events around the world like I have this the past year. Thank you for the the past year. Thank you for the. The past year. Thank you for the invitation. It was a pleasure. Invitation. It was a pleasure. Invitation. It was a pleasure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and if anyone else has uh any &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and if anyone else has uh any. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and if anyone else has uh any questions, I'm sure you can reach out to. Questions, I'm sure you can reach out to questions, I'm sure you can reach out to. The team on on Discord. I think one of the team on on Discord. I think one of the team on on Discord. I think one of. The things that's very interesting about the things that's very interesting about. The things that's very interesting about this is that brings up some use cases this is that brings up some use cases. This is that brings up some use cases and some some things that are um that and some some things that are um that. And some some things that are um that that raises some questions because maybe that raises some questions because maybe. That raises some questions because maybe we haven't seen that before or maybe we haven't seen that before or maybe. We haven't seen that before or maybe we're not used to thinking about we're not used to thinking about. We're not used to thinking about tokenization in this way or uh using the tokenization in this way or uh using the. Tokenization in this way or uh using the platform. So, a lot of great questions platform. So, a lot of great questions. Platform. So, a lot of great questions that really that really um I think you that really that really um I think you. That really that really um I think you had great answers and it's it's had great answers and it's it's. Had great answers and it's it's interesting to to see how you're interesting to to see how you're. Interesting to to see how you're building this. So, thank you everyone building this. So, thank you everyone. Building this. So, thank you everyone and uh see you again next week. And uh see you again next week. And uh see you again next week. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Bye. Bye.
