Hello and welcome everyone to this Hello and welcome everyone to this week's Stella developer meeting. With me. Week's Stella developer meeting. With me week's Stella developer meeting. With me. Today I have two guests that have been today I have two guests that have been today I have two guests that have been. Around here before uh from Open Seelin. Around here before uh from Open Seelin. Around here before uh from Open Seelin. And what we're going to do today is And what we're going to do today is And what we're going to do today is. We're going to take a look at what has we're going to take a look at what has we're going to take a look at what has. Been added to the Open Seelin tool chain been added to the Open Seelin tool chain. Been added to the Open Seelin tool chain and and the libraries that are and and the libraries that are. And and the libraries that are supporting Stellar uh for the last supporting Stellar uh for the last. Supporting Stellar uh for the last quarter. So I'm super excited. I know quarter. So I'm super excited. I know. Quarter. So I'm super excited. I know we're going to start we're going to talk we're going to start we're going to talk. We're going to start we're going to talk about smart contracts. We're going to about smart contracts. We're going to. About smart contracts. We're going to talk about uh RWAS. We're going to talk talk about uh RWAS. We're going to talk. Talk about uh RWAS. We're going to talk about WAS. So, so yeah, please uh about WAS. So, so yeah, please uh. About WAS. So, so yeah, please uh introduce yourself and uh let's get introduce yourself and uh let's get. Introduce yourself and uh let's get started. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hello everyone. It's uh really a &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hello everyone. It's uh really a. Pleasure to be uh to participate again pleasure to be uh to participate again pleasure to be uh to participate again. At the stellar developer meeting. Uh my at the stellar developer meeting. Uh my at the stellar developer meeting. Uh my. Name is Buan. I'm open source developer name is Buan. I'm open source developer name is Buan. I'm open source developer. At uh at open zeppelin. Uh, and I'm at uh at open zeppelin. Uh, and I'm at uh at open zeppelin. Uh, and I'm. Building the stellar contracts library. Building the stellar contracts library. Building the stellar contracts library. &gt;&gt; Hi everyone, it's Ugun here. Um, &gt;&gt; Hi everyone, it's Ugun here. Um,. &gt;&gt; Hi everyone, it's Ugun here. Um, pleasure to be here. Good to be here. Pleasure to be here. Good to be here. Pleasure to be here. Good to be here. And I am also an open source developer And I am also an open source developer And I am also an open source developer. At Open Zeppelin. We are a team with at Open Zeppelin. We are a team with at Open Zeppelin. We are a team with. Voyan trying to bring um trying to Voyan trying to bring um trying to Voyan trying to bring um trying to. Improve the smart contract ecosystem for improve the smart contract ecosystem for. Improve the smart contract ecosystem for Stellar Sorovan. Stellar Sorovan. Stellar Sorovan. &gt;&gt; Great. Thank you. So we've done quite a &gt;&gt; Great. Thank you. So we've done quite a. &gt;&gt; Great. Thank you. So we've done quite a few hackathons this year and um it's. Few hackathons this year and um it's few hackathons this year and um it's really great to see that some of the. Really great to see that some of the really great to see that some of the developers they're starting to use open. Developers they're starting to use open developers they're starting to use open sin uh software and the the libraries. Sin uh software and the the libraries sin uh software and the the libraries and the tooling. Uh and I think what. And the tooling. Uh and I think what and the tooling. Uh and I think what what you're going to show today is going. What you're going to show today is going what you're going to show today is going. To be really interesting for a lot of to be really interesting for a lot of to be really interesting for a lot of. Developers. So if you have a developers. So if you have a developers. So if you have a. Presentation you can share. Yeah, there it is. Sorry. Sorry about Yeah, there it is. Sorry. Sorry about that. Um, yeah. So. That. Um, yeah. So that. Um, yeah. So um I'm going to present to you today the um I'm going to present to you today the. Um I'm going to present to you today the [clears throat] [clears throat] [clears throat]. Uh smart account framework that we uh smart account framework that we uh smart account framework that we. Uh created uh with uh released with the uh created uh with uh released with the uh created uh with uh released with the. Latest u uh latest release of of our latest u uh latest release of of our latest u uh latest release of of our. Library. Library. Library. Um just to to mention um uh that uh yeah Um just to to mention um uh that uh yeah. Um just to to mention um uh that uh yeah already a month ago when with some of already a month ago when with some of. Already a month ago when with some of you uh we met at uh at Meridian in in you uh we met at uh at Meridian in in. You uh we met at uh at Meridian in in Rio. uh how excited I I was uh and I I Rio. uh how excited I I was uh and I I. Rio. uh how excited I I was uh and I I guess it was the case for everyone to guess it was the case for everyone to. Guess it was the case for everyone to use uh pass keys to uh have all this uh use uh pass keys to uh have all this uh. Use uh pass keys to uh have all this uh like wallet experience abstracted into like wallet experience abstracted into. Like wallet experience abstracted into into uh into smart account. So uh our into uh into smart account. So uh our. Into uh into smart account. So uh our ambition is to make this the new normal ambition is to make this the new normal. Ambition is to make this the new normal for stellar. So yeah we are uh building for stellar. So yeah we are uh building. For stellar. So yeah we are uh building this uh framework u uh with with that in this uh framework u uh with with that in. This uh framework u uh with with that in mind. So without uh further ado yeah mind. So without uh further ado yeah. Mind. So without uh further ado yeah let's dive in. Um first let's dive in. Um first. Let's dive in. Um first um a point about naming and why we chose um a point about naming and why we chose. Um a point about naming and why we chose smart account and not smart wallet. Smart account and not smart wallet. Smart account and not smart wallet. Uh first [clears throat] the storebone uh first [clears throat] the storebone uh first [clears throat] the storebone. SDK defines uh custom account and custom SDK defines uh custom account and custom. SDK defines uh custom account and custom account interface and our design builds account interface and our design builds. Account interface and our design builds on top of it. So that's why uh we uh we on top of it. So that's why uh we uh we. On top of it. So that's why uh we uh we decided to to choose uh smart account as decided to to choose uh smart account as. Decided to to choose uh smart account as a as a naming uh and yeah smart account a as a naming uh and yeah smart account. A as a naming uh and yeah smart account must implement this interface. Must implement this interface. Must implement this interface. Uh then why smart accounts are uh Uh then why smart accounts are uh Uh then why smart accounts are uh. Necessary? Uh let's just explore a very necessary? Uh let's just explore a very necessary? Uh let's just explore a very. Simple scenario. Simple scenario. Simple scenario. Uh Uh Uh where a smart account uh that holds uh where a smart account uh that holds uh. Where a smart account uh that holds uh some funible tokens some funible tokens some funible tokens. And uh the owner of the contract wants and uh the owner of the contract wants and uh the owner of the contract wants. To transfer some amount and that's why to transfer some amount and that's why to transfer some amount and that's why. They need to call a function on the USDC they need to call a function on the USDC. They need to call a function on the USDC contract. In this case, contract. In this case,. Contract. In this case, uh they will make use of a cryptographic uh they will make use of a cryptographic. Uh they will make use of a cryptographic key that is registered at this smart key that is registered at this smart. Key that is registered at this smart account uh to authorize the the account uh to authorize the the. Account uh to authorize the the operation. Operation. Operation. And by looking from this perspective, we And by looking from this perspective, we. And by looking from this perspective, we uh the perspective of account abraction,. Uh the perspective of account abraction, uh the perspective of account abraction,. We uh we are establishing a boundary we uh we are establishing a boundary we uh we are establishing a boundary. Between the account that holds the sets between the account that holds the sets between the account that holds the sets. And the keys that uh that control them. And the keys that uh that control them. And the keys that uh that control them. Uh now let's try to define what a smart Uh now let's try to define what a smart Uh now let's try to define what a smart. Account is. So uh let's this is a smart account is. So uh let's this is a smart account is. So uh let's this is a smart. Contract first and foremost that contract first and foremost that contract first and foremost that. Composes authorization intents that are composes authorization intents that are composes authorization intents that are. Coming from uh multiple sources and this coming from uh multiple sources and this. Coming from uh multiple sources and this high level uh definition will guide us high level uh definition will guide us. High level uh definition will guide us through the the the all the com the all through the the the all the com the all. Through the the the all the com the all the components of our framework. The components of our framework. The components of our framework. Uh with this in mind, let's first see Uh with this in mind, let's first see Uh with this in mind, let's first see. What are what the authorization sources what are what the authorization sources what are what the authorization sources. Could be. Uh as in the previous example, could be. Uh as in the previous example,. Could be. Uh as in the previous example, an authorization source could be a an authorization source could be a. An authorization source could be a cryptographic key or there could be cryptographic key or there could be. Cryptographic key or there could be multiple cryptographic keys uh for the multiple cryptographic keys uh for the. Multiple cryptographic keys uh for the same smart account or it could be a G same smart account or it could be a G. Same smart account or it could be a G account that authorizes on behalf of uh account that authorizes on behalf of uh. Account that authorizes on behalf of uh of the smart account or it could be any of the smart account or it could be any. Of the smart account or it could be any combination of of these uh cryptographic combination of of these uh cryptographic. Combination of of these uh cryptographic keys, G accounts or other smart accounts. Keys, G accounts or other smart accounts keys, G accounts or other smart accounts. And uh smart contracts. uh and uh smart contracts. uh and uh smart contracts. uh uh the next part of the definition. Uh the next part of the definition uh the next part of the definition talked about authorization intents. Um. Talked about authorization intents. Um talked about authorization intents. Um what are and yeah we will see what are. What are and yeah we will see what are what are and yeah we will see what are the core elements of um of the. The core elements of um of the the core elements of um of the authorization intent. Authorization intent. Authorization intent. Uh we can examine this by uh answering Uh we can examine this by uh answering Uh we can examine this by uh answering. These three questions. We can define who these three questions. We can define who. These three questions. We can define who is uh allowed to act uh what are they is uh allowed to act uh what are they. Is uh allowed to act uh what are they allowed to do and how those permissions allowed to do and how those permissions. Allowed to do and how those permissions uh are enforced. Uh are enforced. Uh are enforced. Uh who is allowed to act? This might be Uh who is allowed to act? This might be Uh who is allowed to act? This might be. Already clear. Uh those could be uh some already clear. Uh those could be uh some. Already clear. Uh those could be uh some keys from different uh cryptographic keys from different uh cryptographic. Keys from different uh cryptographic curves also G accounts uh C accounts. Curves also G accounts uh C accounts. Curves also G accounts uh C accounts. Uh what are they allowed to do? Well, Uh what are they allowed to do? Well, Uh what are they allowed to do? Well,. Here this can be literally any kind of here this can be literally any kind of here this can be literally any kind of. Action uh either a specific function on action uh either a specific function on action uh either a specific function on. A specific contract or just uh transfer a specific contract or just uh transfer a specific contract or just uh transfer. The transfer function on any SCP 41 uh the transfer function on any SCP 41 uh the transfer function on any SCP 41 uh. Compatible contract deploy deployments compatible contract deploy deployments compatible contract deploy deployments. As well. So yeah, any kind of action as well. So yeah, any kind of action as well. So yeah, any kind of action. Uh how is this enforced also many uh how is this enforced also many uh how is this enforced also many. Different combinations are possible. It different combinations are possible. It different combinations are possible. It. Could be key one and key2. Key1 or key2 could be key one and key2. Key1 or key2 could be key one and key2. Key1 or key2. Key1 and some other conditions that are key1 and some other conditions that are key1 and some other conditions that are. Not derived from the uh from a not derived from the uh from a not derived from the uh from a. Cryptographic uh scheme cryptographic uh scheme cryptographic uh scheme and to give names to those groups. Who. And to give names to those groups. Who and to give names to those groups. Who is for signers? What is the scope and. Is for signers? What is the scope and is for signers? What is the scope and how how is for the policies? How how is for the policies? How how is for the policies? Uh how do we compose those elements? Uh how do we compose those elements? Uh how do we compose those elements? So we have uh signers scope and policies So we have uh signers scope and policies. So we have uh signers scope and policies and we embed them in the entity called and we embed them in the entity called. And we embed them in the entity called context rule. Uh here you see that context rule. Uh here you see that. Context rule. Uh here you see that besides the signer scope and the besides the signer scope and the. Besides the signer scope and the policies we also have the the notion of policies we also have the the notion of. Policies we also have the the notion of validity. Validity. Validity. Uh context rules uh function like Uh context rules uh function like Uh context rules uh function like. Routing table for authorizations for routing table for authorizations for routing table for authorizations for. Every context. they they specify the every context. they they specify the every context. they they specify the. Scope and the conditions that must be scope and the conditions that must be scope and the conditions that must be. Met uh before the authorization uh is met uh before the authorization uh is met uh before the authorization uh is. Granted and uh yeah we'll see how this granted and uh yeah we'll see how this granted and uh yeah we'll see how this. Uh this goes very shortly. So a a smart uh this goes very shortly. So a a smart uh this goes very shortly. So a a smart. Account is stores a set of those context account is stores a set of those context. Account is stores a set of those context rules and uh up to 15 rules per we can rules and uh up to 15 rules per we can. Rules and uh up to 15 rules per we can have up to 15 rules per smart account. Have up to 15 rules per smart account. Have up to 15 rules per smart account. We added this limit to ensure there uh a We added this limit to ensure there uh a. We added this limit to ensure there uh a reasonable resource consump consumption reasonable resource consump consumption. Reasonable resource consump consumption and to encourage proactive management. And to encourage proactive management. And to encourage proactive management. For example, to encourage you to remove For example, to encourage you to remove For example, to encourage you to remove. The expired or unused rules. The expired or unused rules. The expired or unused rules. And coming back to this uh authorization And coming back to this uh authorization. And coming back to this uh authorization mechanism or algorithm, actually it's mechanism or algorithm, actually it's. Mechanism or algorithm, actually it's pretty simple. Pretty simple. Pretty simple. Uh when the authorization from a smart uh when the authorization from a smart uh when the authorization from a smart. Account is required first we uh we account is required first we uh we account is required first we uh we. Gather and order all non-expired rules gather and order all non-expired rules gather and order all non-expired rules. And then we evaluate them starting from and then we evaluate them starting from and then we evaluate them starting from. The last addit last last addit one the last addit last last addit one the last addit last last addit one. Uh now let's zoom into signers uh now let's zoom into signers uh now let's zoom into signers. Uh we have two types of signers uh we have two types of signers uh we have two types of signers. Delegated and external delegated and external delegated and external a delegated signer can be any sorbon. A delegated signer can be any sorbon a delegated signer can be any sorbon address, G account or C account. And uh. Address, G account or C account. And uh address, G account or C account. And uh on the right uh we group all. On the right uh we group all on the right uh we group all cryptographic types of uh schemes or. Cryptographic types of uh schemes or cryptographic types of uh schemes or keys in uh in the external variant. And. Keys in uh in the external variant. And keys in uh in the external variant. And uh we'll see just in a second why we. Uh we'll see just in a second why we uh we'll see just in a second why we call it external. Call it external. Call it external. But first uh how the delegated signer But first uh how the delegated signer But first uh how the delegated signer. Grants uh an authorization. Codewise grants uh an authorization. Codewise grants uh an authorization. Codewise. It's uh very simple. we use the built-in it's uh very simple. we use the built-in. It's uh very simple. we use the built-in require out for arcs uh function and require out for arcs uh function and. Require out for arcs uh function and however there is a catch um uh I of how however there is a catch um uh I of how. However there is a catch um uh I of how we are actually constructing this uh we are actually constructing this uh. We are actually constructing this uh this transaction this transaction this transaction. I won't go I won't go I won't go uh I won't dive into this sketch uh I uh I won't dive into this sketch uh I. Uh I won't dive into this sketch uh I it's like uh you can find more it's like uh you can find more. It's like uh you can find more information about it in the information about it in the. Information about it in the documentation and there are some code documentation and there are some code. Documentation and there are some code snippets explaining how to to get uh snippets explaining how to to get uh. Snippets explaining how to to get uh over it. Uh just um mentioning it uh and over it. Uh just um mentioning it uh and. Over it. Uh just um mentioning it uh and that uh the cap 71 that hopefully gets that uh the cap 71 that hopefully gets. That uh the cap 71 that hopefully gets included in some of the future uh included in some of the future uh. Included in some of the future uh protocol updates will resolve these protocol updates will resolve these. Protocol updates will resolve these issues. So uh yeah uh very soon I hope issues. So uh yeah uh very soon I hope. Issues. So uh yeah uh very soon I hope it will be a u no issue. It will be a u no issue. It will be a u no issue. Uh the second signer type is the Uh the second signer type is the Uh the second signer type is the. External one for authorizations coming external one for authorizations coming external one for authorizations coming. From um cryptographic keys. From um cryptographic keys. From um cryptographic keys. But uh before we look into into that, But uh before we look into into that, But uh before we look into into that,. I'm here providing a list of the curves I'm here providing a list of the curves I'm here providing a list of the curves. On stellar on stellar on stellar uh there the already available ones uh uh there the already available ones uh. Uh there the already available ones uh that are supported and BN 256 that might that are supported and BN 256 that might. That are supported and BN 256 that might get added with protocol 25. Get added with protocol 25. Get added with protocol 25. Uh and yeah, I I guess uh there there Uh and yeah, I I guess uh there there Uh and yeah, I I guess uh there there. Could be many more in the future. uh and could be many more in the future. uh and. Could be many more in the future. uh and you remember the structure of uh of the you remember the structure of uh of the. You remember the structure of uh of the external serer external serer external serer. Uh like to go back it's a tle of address uh like to go back it's a tle of address. Uh like to go back it's a tle of address and by and byes and by and byes and by and byes. We could have defined its structure like we could have defined its structure like. We could have defined its structure like this by enumerating all available curves. This by enumerating all available curves this by enumerating all available curves. And the [snorts] bytes that should be and the [snorts] bytes that should be and the [snorts] bytes that should be. Interpreted according to the to the interpreted according to the to the interpreted according to the to the. Curve type. But you you would agree that curve type. But you you would agree that. Curve type. But you you would agree that this approach is not very scalable this approach is not very scalable. This approach is not very scalable because on every new curve that is added because on every new curve that is added. Because on every new curve that is added you have to upgrade your account uh if you have to upgrade your account uh if. You have to upgrade your account uh if it supports it and this is not practical it supports it and this is not practical. It supports it and this is not practical at all. Uh another drawback of embedding. At all. Uh another drawback of embedding at all. Uh another drawback of embedding. Signature verification into the smart signature verification into the smart signature verification into the smart. Account is that it binary size will grow account is that it binary size will grow. Account is that it binary size will grow and the code complexity will increase as. And the code complexity will increase as and the code complexity will increase as. Well. For example, the ED the classical well. For example, the ED the classical well. For example, the ED the classical. ED uh 25 ED uh 25 ED uh 25 119 like it's just one liner but pass 119 like it's just one liner but pass. 119 like it's just one liner but pass key verification for example is pretty key verification for example is pretty. Key verification for example is pretty much is more evolved and requires more much is more evolved and requires more. Much is more evolved and requires more uh like more code simply uh like more code simply. Uh like more code simply this pushed us to adopt a way more this pushed us to adopt a way more. This pushed us to adopt a way more flexible and scalable approach that is flexible and scalable approach that is. Flexible and scalable approach that is outsourcing and externalizing all type outsourcing and externalizing all type. Outsourcing and externalizing all type of signature verifications. Of signature verifications. Of signature verifications. So we have a verifier contract So we have a verifier contract So we have a verifier contract. Uh that stands for this address and the uh that stands for this address and the uh that stands for this address and the. Public key that is the the bytes. Public key that is the the bytes. Public key that is the the bytes. Uh this verifier contract is a special Uh this verifier contract is a special Uh this verifier contract is a special. One. It is deployed only once per curve one. It is deployed only once per curve one. It is deployed only once per curve. Type or scheme and should be immutable. Type or scheme and should be immutable. Type or scheme and should be immutable. It's uh it shouldn't keep any state and it's uh it shouldn't keep any state and it's uh it shouldn't keep any state and. In such way a single verifier contract in such way a single verifier contract in such way a single verifier contract. Can validate signature signatures for can validate signature signatures for can validate signature signatures for. Any any number of keys. Any any number of keys. Any any number of keys. Uh and yeah this was made possible Uh and yeah this was made possible Uh and yeah this was made possible. Thanks to protocol 23 uh and uh that thanks to protocol 23 uh and uh that thanks to protocol 23 uh and uh that. Made the uh the cross contract calls uh made the uh the cross contract calls uh made the uh the cross contract calls uh. Uh really cheap. Uh really cheap. Uh really cheap. Now let's look into policies. Now let's look into policies. Now let's look into policies. So we have here So we have here So we have here um um um uh one context rule with the scope, the. Uh one context rule with the scope, the uh one context rule with the scope, the signers and the policies. Let's say we. Signers and the policies. Let's say we signers and the policies. Let's say we have three signers, two cryptographic. Have three signers, two cryptographic have three signers, two cryptographic keys and one G account. And actually the. Keys and one G account. And actually the keys and one G account. And actually the. Policies policies policies uh they they modify they customize the uh they they modify they customize the. Uh they they modify they customize the uh how signers behave. Here in this case uh how signers behave. Here in this case. Uh how signers behave. Here in this case we require any two of those three we require any two of those three. We require any two of those three signers to sign uh to sign so that the signers to sign uh to sign so that the. Signers to sign uh to sign so that the authorization authorization authorization passes it's the policies also can modify. Passes it's the policies also can modify passes it's the policies also can modify. Some other aspects of uh of the flow some other aspects of uh of the flow some other aspects of uh of the flow. Here. In this case, we want those uh here. In this case, we want those uh here. In this case, we want those uh. Rule to be enforced only for once per rule to be enforced only for once per rule to be enforced only for once per. Month. Uh month. Uh month. Uh so that like you can for example pay for so that like you can for example pay for. So that like you can for example pay for a subscription. A subscription. A subscription. So policies are external contracts as uh So policies are external contracts as uh. So policies are external contracts as uh like verifiers. Like verifiers. Like verifiers. Uh the verifiers are external. So Uh the verifiers are external. So Uh the verifiers are external. So. Policies are also external contracts. Policies are also external contracts. Policies are also external contracts. Policies can be stateful or stateless Policies can be stateful or stateless Policies can be stateful or stateless. Meaning they can uh map some state uh meaning they can uh map some state uh meaning they can uh map some state uh. For a specific account uh and context for a specific account uh and context for a specific account uh and context. Rule. They can be shared across many rule. They can be shared across many rule. They can be shared across many. Different uh accounts uh or can be tied different uh accounts uh or can be tied different uh accounts uh or can be tied. Just for a specific uh smart account. Just for a specific uh smart account. Just for a specific uh smart account. And the other aspect is that they have a And the other aspect is that they have a. And the other aspect is that they have a four stage uh life cycle. Four stage uh life cycle. Four stage uh life cycle. Which is visible from the interface that which is visible from the interface that. Which is visible from the interface that those policies must uh adhere to. Those policies must uh adhere to. Those policies must uh adhere to. Now if we look into this um uh spending Now if we look into this um uh spending Now if we look into this um uh spending. Limit policy, it is uh let's say it's a limit policy, it is uh let's say it's a limit policy, it is uh let's say it's a. Stateful policy and it is shared across stateful policy and it is shared across stateful policy and it is shared across. Multiple smart accounts. When this multiple smart accounts. When this multiple smart accounts. When this. Policy is added to a context rule, the policy is added to a context rule, the policy is added to a context rule, the. Install hook is called and this in its install hook is called and this in its install hook is called and this in its. The storage for the calling account and the storage for the calling account and the storage for the calling account and. Sets the amount and the time period. For sets the amount and the time period. For. Sets the amount and the time period. For example, here we'll have 100 USDC and example, here we'll have 100 USDC and. Example, here we'll have 100 USDC and one month. This is the uh in in it uh one month. This is the uh in in it uh. One month. This is the uh in in it uh params that are uh uh pass can enforce params that are uh uh pass can enforce. Params that are uh uh pass can enforce uh is just a read function that is uh is just a read function that is. Uh is just a read function that is invoked every time uh the evaluation invoked every time uh the evaluation. Invoked every time uh the evaluation loop runs. Loop runs. Loop runs. Enforce on the other hand it requires Enforce on the other hand it requires Enforce on the other hand it requires. Authorization from the uh already authorization from the uh already authorization from the uh already. Installed smart account and modifies can installed smart account and modifies can. Installed smart account and modifies can modify the storage and uh can emit modify the storage and uh can emit. Modify the storage and uh can emit events. Events. Events. Uninstall is called when the is removed. Uninstall is called when the is removed. Uninstall is called when the is removed. So we are cleaning up the policy So we are cleaning up the policy So we are cleaning up the policy. Storage. So install and uninstall are storage. So install and uninstall are storage. So install and uninstall are. Used only once uh can enforce on every used only once uh can enforce on every used only once uh can enforce on every. Evaluation loop and enforce when uh evaluation loop and enforce when uh evaluation loop and enforce when uh. Context rule is matched. Context rule is matched. Context rule is matched. So these are the main elements of smart So these are the main elements of smart So these are the main elements of smart. Account and yeah to sum it up we uh we account and yeah to sum it up we uh we account and yeah to sum it up we uh we. Have we can have up to 15 context rules have we can have up to 15 context rules have we can have up to 15 context rules. Per smart account and each context per smart account and each context per smart account and each context. Through contains signers and policies. Through contains signers and policies. Through contains signers and policies. So let's see some use cases. So let's see some use cases. So let's see some use cases. Uh yeah the most uh like uh trivial one Uh yeah the most uh like uh trivial one Uh yeah the most uh like uh trivial one. Is uh the multisix uh threshold bas is uh the multisix uh threshold bas is uh the multisix uh threshold bas. Based or uh like the weighted uh based or uh like the weighted uh based or uh like the weighted uh. Multics. We can have with this u uh multics. We can have with this u uh multics. We can have with this u uh. Setup we can have time limited app setup we can have time limited app setup we can have time limited app. Sessions. For example you install sessions. For example you install sessions. For example you install. Context rule that is specific for a context rule that is specific for a context rule that is specific for a. Specific app and it's valid just for one specific app and it's valid just for one. Specific app and it's valid just for one day. Day. Day. Uh so you don't so you can interact with Uh so you don't so you can interact with. Uh so you don't so you can interact with this app without needing to approve any this app without needing to approve any. This app without needing to approve any any further transactions. you can uh add any further transactions. you can uh add. Any further transactions. you can uh add for example the keys for AI agent or bot. For example the keys for AI agent or bot for example the keys for AI agent or bot. To as a context rule and allow it to to as a context rule and allow it to to as a context rule and allow it to. Spend some like uh limited amount of spend some like uh limited amount of spend some like uh limited amount of. Your assets so it can trade for example your assets so it can trade for example your assets so it can trade for example. Uh and you don't risk to get wrecked or uh and you don't risk to get wrecked or uh and you don't risk to get wrecked or. You can uh subscribe for uh some you can uh subscribe for uh some you can uh subscribe for uh some. Services. So yeah let and here let's see services. So yeah let and here let's see. Services. So yeah let and here let's see how the subscription the flow the user how the subscription the flow the user. How the subscription the flow the user flow for a subscription will happen. So flow for a subscription will happen. So. Flow for a subscription will happen. So I have a smart account and I have the I have a smart account and I have the. I have a smart account and I have the sudo sudo rule like the the super admin sudo sudo rule like the the super admin. Sudo sudo rule like the the super admin rule uh that is uh has a single signer rule uh that is uh has a single signer. Rule uh that is uh has a single signer my pass key and there are no policies my pass key and there are no policies. My pass key and there are no policies and it's uh valid uh forever. And it's uh valid uh forever. And it's uh valid uh forever. Then I I'm going to u some DAP and I Then I I'm going to u some DAP and I Then I I'm going to u some DAP and I. Want to uh subscribe to a service. The want to uh subscribe to a service. The want to uh subscribe to a service. The. DAP prompts me to install a context rule DAP prompts me to install a context rule. DAP prompts me to install a context rule that contains the scope of it is um the that contains the scope of it is um the. That contains the scope of it is um the USD contract because I'm going to pay in USD contract because I'm going to pay in. USD contract because I'm going to pay in USDC. USDC. USDC. The signer is the D pub key. Uh and the The signer is the D pub key. Uh and the The signer is the D pub key. Uh and the. Policy is uh some spending limit polic policy is uh some spending limit polic policy is uh some spending limit polic. Policy that limits the the spending for policy that limits the the spending for policy that limits the the spending for. Up to 20 20 bucks per month and I'm up to 20 20 bucks per month and I'm up to 20 20 bucks per month and I'm. Subscribing for one year. So this is the subscribing for one year. So this is the. Subscribing for one year. So this is the single transaction I have to do u in single transaction I have to do u in. Single transaction I have to do u in order to subscribe for this service. Order to subscribe for this service. Order to subscribe for this service. And from this moment on the DAP uh And from this moment on the DAP uh And from this moment on the DAP uh. Developer for example they can use uh developer for example they can use uh developer for example they can use uh. The open zeppelin monitors to subscribe the open zeppelin monitors to subscribe the open zeppelin monitors to subscribe. To the install event uh on this policy to the install event uh on this policy to the install event uh on this policy. And when this gets triggered uh they and when this gets triggered uh they and when this gets triggered uh they. Will with a relayer they with the will with a relayer they with the will with a relayer they with the. Opposite layer they will charge the user opposite layer they will charge the user. Opposite layer they will charge the user smart accounts every uh every month uh smart accounts every uh every month uh. Smart accounts every uh every month uh 20 bucks. 20 bucks. 20 bucks. So the key takeaways this uh this So the key takeaways this uh this So the key takeaways this uh this. Framework is framework is framework is uh context centric framework. I will uh context centric framework. I will. Uh context centric framework. I will compare it as the I'm comparing it very compare it as the I'm comparing it very. Compare it as the I'm comparing it very often with the web to login experience. Often with the web to login experience. Often with the web to login experience. For example, when you are logging it uh For example, when you are logging it uh For example, when you are logging it uh. With your Google account uh or your with your Google account uh or your with your Google account uh or your. GitHub account like you uh authorize the GitHub account like you uh authorize the. GitHub account like you uh authorize the third party uh with some specific third party uh with some specific. Third party uh with some specific permissions. We grant some scope permissions. We grant some scope. Permissions. We grant some scope permission. you don't grant the whole permission. you don't grant the whole. Permission. you don't grant the whole access to your data but just to very access to your data but just to very. Access to your data but just to very like uh scoped permissions. So we are like uh scoped permissions. So we are. Like uh scoped permissions. So we are composing um authorization intents composing um authorization intents. Composing um authorization intents through those context rules that contain through those context rules that contain. Through those context rules that contain uh signers and policies. Uh signers and policies. Uh signers and policies. Another very important aspect is that Another very important aspect is that Another very important aspect is that. Signature verification is not hardcoded signature verification is not hardcoded signature verification is not hardcoded. Into the smart account. So it is this is into the smart account. So it is this is. Into the smart account. So it is this is very flexible and very scalable and uh very flexible and very scalable and uh. Very flexible and very scalable and uh yeah like this framework uh enables yeah like this framework uh enables. Yeah like this framework uh enables programmable authorization in in that programmable authorization in in that. Programmable authorization in in that manner. Manner. Manner. So yeah if you uh want to play with it So yeah if you uh want to play with it So yeah if you uh want to play with it. I'm inviting you to go to our repo and I'm inviting you to go to our repo and I'm inviting you to go to our repo and. To check our uh docs. Um to check our uh docs. Um to check our uh docs. Um and yeah I'm pausing it here for. And yeah I'm pausing it here for and yeah I'm pausing it here for questions uh if there are any. Questions uh if there are any. Questions uh if there are any. Great. It it was really interesting. Um Great. It it was really interesting. Um Great. It it was really interesting. Um. We have seen a lot of interest in in we have seen a lot of interest in in we have seen a lot of interest in in. Using pass keys and I think I think using pass keys and I think I think using pass keys and I think I think. There's so many ways to do like there's there's so many ways to do like there's there's so many ways to do like there's. So many capabilities in Sora for so many capabilities in Sora for so many capabilities in Sora for. Authorization but it's also complicated. Authorization but it's also complicated. Authorization but it's also complicated. It's not it's not straightforward It's not it's not straightforward It's not it's not straightforward. Forward and easy. I think the the wealth forward and easy. I think the the wealth. Forward and easy. I think the the wealth of opportunities to create custom of opportunities to create custom. Of opportunities to create custom policies and authorize your users in policies and authorize your users in. Policies and authorize your users in different ways. I think it it it's different ways. I think it it it's. Different ways. I think it it it's great, but it's also a little bit great, but it's also a little bit. Great, but it's also a little bit complicated. So, the framework you complicated. So, the framework you. Complicated. So, the framework you present here makes that a lot easier. I present here makes that a lot easier. I. Present here makes that a lot easier. I think this will be be a great great way think this will be be a great great way. Think this will be be a great great way to to add a flexible uh authorization to to to add a flexible uh authorization to. To to add a flexible uh authorization to to your DAP. So very interesting to see. To your DAP. So very interesting to see. To your DAP. So very interesting to see. I think I'll I'll drop the link to the I think I'll I'll drop the link to the I think I'll I'll drop the link to the. To the repo or to the documentation. But to the repo or to the documentation. But. To the repo or to the documentation. But if anyone has any questions, I think if anyone has any questions, I think. If anyone has any questions, I think yeah, Elliots has a question here. Um yeah, Elliots has a question here. Um. Yeah, Elliots has a question here. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, did you say that Ozair can be used. &gt;&gt; yeah, did you say that Ozair can be used &gt;&gt; yeah, did you say that Ozair can be used. To index track additions removal or to index track additions removal or to index track additions removal or. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Uh I mean you Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Uh I mean you Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Uh I mean you. There are some events that you can there are some events that you can there are some events that you can. Subscribe uh on subscribe uh on subscribe uh on uh subscribe for those events on the. Uh subscribe for those events on the uh subscribe for those events on the policies or on the um on the your smart. Policies or on the um on the your smart policies or on the um on the your smart account and yeah do uh uh do uh yeah uh. Account and yeah do uh uh do uh yeah uh account and yeah do uh uh do uh yeah uh trigger some actions according according. Trigger some actions according according trigger some actions according according. To whatever you want to do. To whatever you want to do. To whatever you want to do. Uh, one naming concern, smart account Uh, one naming concern, smart account Uh, one naming concern, smart account. Will likely overlap with stellar will likely overlap with stellar will likely overlap with stellar. Accounts and could confuse the idea that accounts and could confuse the idea that. Accounts and could confuse the idea that this is a contract. This is a contract. This is a contract. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. Uh, Yeah. Uh, Yeah. Uh, yeah. I I presented why we ch why we yeah. I I presented why we ch why we. Yeah. I I presented why we ch why we went with smart account. Um, yeah. Went with smart account. Um, yeah. Went with smart account. Um, yeah. Mentioned that that this is this may mentioned that that this is this may mentioned that that this is this may. Seem a better fit for uh uh for yeah seem a better fit for uh uh for yeah seem a better fit for uh uh for yeah. This kind of uh um this kind of uh um this kind of uh um entities entities entities. Uh stellar accounts you mean the the uh stellar accounts you mean the the uh stellar accounts you mean the the. Classic stellar accounts I yeah I classic stellar accounts I yeah I classic stellar accounts I yeah I. Suppose this is what you mean suppose this is what you mean suppose this is what you mean. But uh yeah I a smart Don't Yeah. Yeah. We have to give it a Yeah. Yeah. We have to give it a. Thought. But I I I thought. But I I I thought. But I I I think we can it can think we can it can. Think we can it can be disting distinguished well enough so be disting distinguished well enough so. Be disting distinguished well enough so not to be confused. Not to be confused. Not to be confused. It would be great to include a 15minute It would be great to include a 15minute It would be great to include a 15minute. Demo of building an actual d. Great demo of building an actual d. Great demo of building an actual d. Great. Suggestion. [laughter] suggestion. [laughter] suggestion. [laughter] I'm taking it. uh taking it. Okay, then Okay, then I'm passing it to to O. I'm passing it to to O. I'm passing it to to O. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Hi again everyone. I'm going to be &gt;&gt; Hi again everyone. I'm going to be. &gt;&gt; Hi again everyone. I'm going to be presenting presenting presenting the world token world and also RWA. The world token world and also RWA. The world token world and also RWA. So let me share the screen. Let's So let me share the screen. Let's So let me share the screen. Let's. Do entire screen. Do entire screen. Do entire screen. Please tell me if it's successful Please tell me if it's successful Please tell me if it's successful. Because I don't see the because I don't see the because I don't see the streaming tab right now. Streaming tab right now. Streaming tab right now. &gt;&gt; Yep, we see uh we see your presentation. &gt;&gt; Yep, we see uh we see your presentation. &gt;&gt; Yep, we see uh we see your presentation. &gt;&gt; Great. Great. &gt;&gt; Great. Great. &gt;&gt; Great. Great. Let's try slideshow. Let's try slideshow. Let's try slideshow. So, what's it uh that I'm going to be So, what's it uh that I'm going to be So, what's it uh that I'm going to be. Talking about? Um it's a uniform talking about? Um it's a uniform talking about? Um it's a uniform. Interface for integrating with various interface for integrating with various interface for integrating with various. Yield generating strategies also known yield generating strategies also known yield generating strategies also known. As ERC 4626 if you are familiar with the as ERC 4626 if you are familiar with the. As ERC 4626 if you are familiar with the Athereum ecosystem. Athereum ecosystem. Athereum ecosystem. The problem tokold solving is let's say The problem tokold solving is let's say The problem tokold solving is let's say. You have a th00and USDC you have a th00and USDC you have a th00and USDC and what are you going to do with this? And what are you going to do with this? And what are you going to do with this? You can lend it, you can provide it for You can lend it, you can provide it for You can lend it, you can provide it for. Uh liquidity uh liquidity uh liquidity or you can stake it, right? Um but these or you can stake it, right? Um but these. Or you can stake it, right? Um but these are all the options you can do are all the options you can do. Are all the options you can do or you can have a manager of your funds or you can have a manager of your funds. Or you can have a manager of your funds for uh utilizing the best option out for uh utilizing the best option out. For uh utilizing the best option out there. But there. But there. But for every manager you will have. For every manager you will have for every manager you will have different problems. There is no. Different problems. There is no different problems. There is no interoperability. There is no. Interoperability. There is no interoperability. There is no composibility. Composibility. Composibility. The UX in general would be bad. The UX in general would be bad. The UX in general would be bad. So, vault tries to standardize all these So, vault tries to standardize all these. So, vault tries to standardize all these and it still can be managed. And it still can be managed. And it still can be managed. So, this is what we are trying to do. So, this is what we are trying to do. So, this is what we are trying to do. So, you deposit your assets into the So, you deposit your assets into the So, you deposit your assets into the. World. The world tries to world. The world tries to world. The world tries to utilize your assets in the best way and. Utilize your assets in the best way and utilize your assets in the best way and earn some interest and you will get. Earn some interest and you will get earn some interest and you will get shares in return. And you can always. Shares in return. And you can always shares in return. And you can always do do do. Um transitions between shares and um transitions between shares and um transitions between shares and. Assets. You can convert them assets. You can convert them assets. You can convert them. Interchangeably. So how do we calculate shares and So how do we calculate shares and assets? So let's say you deposit your. Assets? So let's say you deposit your assets? So let's say you deposit your assets and you will get shares. The. Assets and you will get shares. The assets and you will get shares. The basic formula for that would be uh we. Basic formula for that would be uh we basic formula for that would be uh we will multiply the deposit assets by the. Will multiply the deposit assets by the will multiply the deposit assets by the total shares currently in the world and. Total shares currently in the world and total shares currently in the world and then we divide the this result by total. Then we divide the this result by total then we divide the this result by total assets in the world and that whole. Assets in the world and that whole assets in the world and that whole result will be your shares. Result will be your shares. Result will be your shares. This will be very important. Uh so now This will be very important. Uh so now This will be very important. Uh so now. That I'm going to do some basic math uh that I'm going to do some basic math uh that I'm going to do some basic math uh. But it's very basic so don't be scared. But it's very basic so don't be scared. But it's very basic so don't be scared. Uh first action Uh first action Uh first action Say Alice deposits 100 USDC into the. Say Alice deposits 100 USDC into the Say Alice deposits 100 USDC into the vault. Vault. Vault. So for deposit assets it's th uh 100 So for deposit assets it's th uh 100 So for deposit assets it's th uh 100. Total shares it's again 100 and total total shares it's again 100 and total total shares it's again 100 and total. Assets is uh 100. Assets is uh 100. Assets is uh 100. So let's say 10% yield is earned So let's say 10% yield is earned So let's say 10% yield is earned. And now the asset amount per share has and now the asset amount per share has and now the asset amount per share has. Increased. So previously one asset increased. So previously one asset increased. So previously one asset. Was um corresponding to one share but was um corresponding to one share but was um corresponding to one share but. Right now right now right now since the total shares have not changed since the total shares have not changed. Since the total shares have not changed it only the interest rate increase the it only the interest rate increase the. It only the interest rate increase the total asset amount total asset amount total asset amount. In the world in the world in the world then this ratio should change right uh then this ratio should change right uh. Then this ratio should change right uh right now if you provide one share you right now if you provide one share you. Right now if you provide one share you will get 1.1 1 asset in return because will get 1.1 1 asset in return because. Will get 1.1 1 asset in return because one 10% of interest rate and now Bob say one 10% of interest rate and now Bob say. One 10% of interest rate and now Bob say Bob uh deposits 300 USC Bob uh deposits 300 USC. Bob uh deposits 300 USC and we do this calculation and Bob will and we do this calculation and Bob will. And we do this calculation and Bob will get will get 272.73 shares in return. So it's not one to one. Shares in return. So it's not one to one uh mapping as in the case for Alice uh mapping as in the case for Alice. Uh mapping as in the case for Alice because there was 10%. And this is still because there was 10%. And this is still. Because there was 10%. And this is still fine because uh if you multiply the fine because uh if you multiply the. Fine because uh if you multiply the shares by 1.1 you will get 300. So it is shares by 1.1 you will get 300. So it is. Shares by 1.1 you will get 300. So it is still fair. Still fair. Still fair. And let's say another 10% of uh interest And let's say another 10% of uh interest. And let's say another 10% of uh interest has happened and now Charlie deposits has happened and now Charlie deposits. Has happened and now Charlie deposits 200 and the amount for shares would be 200 and the amount for shares would be. 200 and the amount for shares would be 165. The problem is in this previous slide is The problem is in this previous slide is. We have we have we have these decimals, right? Um this is not an these decimals, right? Um this is not an. These decimals, right? Um this is not an integer but it's kind of a floating integer but it's kind of a floating. Integer but it's kind of a floating number. This is problematic because number. This is problematic because. Number. This is problematic because how do you handle 3.33 shares for how do you handle 3.33 shares for. How do you handle 3.33 shares for example? You cannot. So for shares example? You cannot. So for shares. Example? You cannot. So for shares we round up or down. We round up or down. We round up or down. When we do we round down when do we When we do we round down when do we When we do we round down when do we. Round up. So let's say you are minting round up. So let's say you are minting round up. So let's say you are minting. Or depositing depo depositing we are or depositing depo depositing we are or depositing depo depositing we are. Rounding down your number of shares so rounding down your number of shares so rounding down your number of shares so. That you'll get slightly fewer shares that you'll get slightly fewer shares that you'll get slightly fewer shares. Than the exact ratio. The reason is than the exact ratio. The reason is than the exact ratio. The reason is. World cannot overmint shares and we have world cannot overmint shares and we have. World cannot overmint shares and we have to provide uh we have to protect the to provide uh we have to protect the. To provide uh we have to protect the world um not the users so that attacks world um not the users so that attacks. World um not the users so that attacks won't happen. Won't happen. Won't happen. So this is the same uh this this So this is the same uh this this So this is the same uh this this. Rounding down goes for minting and rounding down goes for minting and rounding down goes for minting and. Depositing and the opposite one rounding depositing and the opposite one rounding. Depositing and the opposite one rounding up goes for redeem and withdraw up goes for redeem and withdraw. Up goes for redeem and withdraw operations for gold operations for gold operations for gold. Which creates another problem which I which creates another problem which I which creates another problem which I. Will demonstrate right now. Let's say will demonstrate right now. Let's say will demonstrate right now. Let's say. Uh okay this is the inflation attack. Uh okay this is the inflation attack. Uh okay this is the inflation attack. There is couple of versions of it. There is couple of versions of it. There is couple of versions of it. Um let's say the attacker deposits one's Um let's say the attacker deposits one's. Um let's say the attacker deposits one's troop. So he minted a share troop. So he minted a share. Troop. So he minted a share and right now one share will correspond and right now one share will correspond. And right now one share will correspond to one's troop only. To one's troop only. To one's troop only. Then the keyword here is donates. It's Then the keyword here is donates. It's Then the keyword here is donates. It's. Not deposit. So since it's not deposit, not deposit. So since it's not deposit, not deposit. So since it's not deposit,. It only increases the total asset amount it only increases the total asset amount. It only increases the total asset amount but not the shares. So it's basically but not the shares. So it's basically. But not the shares. So it's basically I'm just giving away this money to the I'm just giving away this money to the. I'm just giving away this money to the vault and I'm not expecting any shares vault and I'm not expecting any shares. Vault and I'm not expecting any shares in return. Why would someone do this? In return. Why would someone do this? In return. Why would someone do this? You will see the reason. Um and if you You will see the reason. Um and if you You will see the reason. Um and if you. Convert the USDC to stroops uh you know convert the USDC to stroops uh you know convert the USDC to stroops uh you know. There are seven decimal places in there are seven decimal places in there are seven decimal places in. Stellar so we added after 10,000 seven stellar so we added after 10,000 seven stellar so we added after 10,000 seven. More u zeros and then we added the more u zeros and then we added the more u zeros and then we added the. Previous ones troop you will have this previous ones troop you will have this previous ones troop you will have this. Number for total assets and now alice number for total assets and now alice number for total assets and now alice. Deposits deposits deposits thousands troops so if you divide thousands troops so if you divide. Thousands troops so if you divide thousands troops to this total asset thousands troops to this total asset. Thousands troops to this total asset amount amount amount you will get something really small like. You will get something really small like you will get something really small like. 0.00001 0.00001 0.00001 or something like that and this will be or something like that and this will be. Or something like that and this will be ultimately zero because of the rounding ultimately zero because of the rounding. Ultimately zero because of the rounding down that I explained previously. So down that I explained previously. So. Down that I explained previously. So basically Alice deposited some money basically Alice deposited some money. Basically Alice deposited some money which which was non zero. It was which which was non zero. It was. Which which was non zero. It was thousands troops but in return she got thousands troops but in return she got. Thousands troops but in return she got zero shares and if the attacker redeems zero shares and if the attacker redeems. Zero shares and if the attacker redeems their shares they will get all the money their shares they will get all the money. Their shares they will get all the money basically stealing Alice's uh troops. Basically stealing Alice's uh troops. Basically stealing Alice's uh troops. The other scenario would be in here. So The other scenario would be in here. So The other scenario would be in here. So. Let's say again this the first two let's say again this the first two let's say again this the first two. Scenario are the same attacker deposited scenario are the same attacker deposited. Scenario are the same attacker deposited one troop and then they donated 1 thou one troop and then they donated 1 thou. One troop and then they donated 1 thou 10,000 USDC 10,000 USDC 10,000 USDC and after that say Alice deposited. And after that say Alice deposited and after that say Alice deposited 10,000 USD so it's almost a half of the. 10,000 USD so it's almost a half of the 10,000 USD so it's almost a half of the total assets right but only one stroop. Total assets right but only one stroop total assets right but only one stroop short of it so if you do the calculation. Short of it so if you do the calculation short of it so if you do the calculation. It will be somewhat like 0.99999 it will be somewhat like 0.99999 it will be somewhat like 0.99999. But since we don't have any precision but since we don't have any precision but since we don't have any precision. For the decimal points, it will again be for the decimal points, it will again be. For the decimal points, it will again be round down to zero and attacker would round down to zero and attacker would. Round down to zero and attacker would steal all Alice's money like 10,000 USD steal all Alice's money like 10,000 USD. Steal all Alice's money like 10,000 USD due to this rounding down behavior. Due to this rounding down behavior. Due to this rounding down behavior. So this is the inflation attack. This is So this is the inflation attack. This is. So this is the inflation attack. This is not only for our implementation. This not only for our implementation. This. Not only for our implementation. This attack existed through all ecosystems attack existed through all ecosystems. Attack existed through all ecosystems and fortunately we have a solution for and fortunately we have a solution for. And fortunately we have a solution for that. The most common one is decimal that. The most common one is decimal. That. The most common one is decimal offset. Offset. Offset. So instead of this regular uh or the So instead of this regular uh or the So instead of this regular uh or the. Straightforward calculation we also add straightforward calculation we also add straightforward calculation we also add. An offset to the power of 10 an offset to the power of 10 an offset to the power of 10. And it will be something like this. So and it will be something like this. So and it will be something like this. So. If you deposit one stroop instead of one if you deposit one stroop instead of one. If you deposit one stroop instead of one share you will get share you will get share you will get. This amount of shares. Uh this is up to this amount of shares. Uh this is up to this amount of shares. Uh this is up to. Your decimal offset. So let's say 1 2 3 your decimal offset. So let's say 1 2 3 your decimal offset. So let's say 1 2 3. 4 5 6 7 8 9 and in this case you will 4 5 6 7 8 9 and in this case you will 4 5 6 7 8 9 and in this case you will. Have nine for the offset and you will have nine for the offset and you will have nine for the offset and you will. Get this amount of shares get this amount of shares get this amount of shares and let's say for the same attack the. And let's say for the same attack the and let's say for the same attack the attacker then donates. Attacker then donates attacker then donates 10,000 USDC 10,000 USDC 10,000 USDC uh they won't get any shares because. Uh they won't get any shares because uh they won't get any shares because it's a donation then Alice would deposit. It's a donation then Alice would deposit it's a donation then Alice would deposit. 10,000 strooss it would have been this 10,000 strooss it would have been this 10,000 strooss it would have been this. Small amount previously if we didn't use small amount previously if we didn't use. Small amount previously if we didn't use decimal offset but since we are using decimal offset but since we are using. Decimal offset but since we are using decimal offset Alice will get one share decimal offset Alice will get one share. Decimal offset Alice will get one share and attack won't be and attack won't be and attack won't be. Uh attack won't resolve so basically uh attack won't resolve so basically uh attack won't resolve so basically. There is no attack due to this decimal there is no attack due to this decimal there is no attack due to this decimal. Offset and I will just stop presenting and I will just stop presenting and we'll move on to RWA after. And we'll move on to RWA after and we'll move on to RWA after questions. By the way, maybe we can also. Questions. By the way, maybe we can also questions. By the way, maybe we can also. Share a link for the world implement. Share a link for the world implement. Share a link for the world implement. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just uh maybe we also want to &gt;&gt; Yeah, just uh maybe we also want to. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just uh maybe we also want to shout to shout out to shout to shout out to. Shout to shout out to someone who um helped contributed to the someone who um helped contributed to the. Someone who um helped contributed to the implementation. Implementation. Implementation. Uh I don't know if he's on the call, GS uh I don't know if he's on the call, GS uh I don't know if he's on the call, GS. Maxi from Sentinel F. So yeah, he uh he Maxi from Sentinel F. So yeah, he uh he Maxi from Sentinel F. So yeah, he uh he. Helped with uh uh this implementation. Helped with uh uh this implementation. Helped with uh uh this implementation. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, &gt;&gt; laid the groundwork and we &gt;&gt; laid the groundwork and we. &gt;&gt; laid the groundwork and we uh and he also helped us writing the SE uh and he also helped us writing the SE. Uh and he also helped us writing the SE for world. We just got merged today by for world. We just got merged today by. For world. We just got merged today by the way. Um so we have a new SE guys for the way. Um so we have a new SE guys for. The way. Um so we have a new SE guys for the world. All right, great. Then I can the world. All right, great. Then I can. The world. All right, great. Then I can continue with RWA. So for this one, I'm going to be So for this one, I'm going to be presenting over some text instead of. Presenting over some text instead of presenting over some text instead of slides. Okay. Um, is the Okay. Um, is the is it readable or should I make it is it readable or should I make it. Is it readable or should I make it bigger? Bigger? Bigger? &gt;&gt; Uh, maybe just slightly bigger. Yeah, I &gt;&gt; Uh, maybe just slightly bigger. Yeah, I. &gt;&gt; Uh, maybe just slightly bigger. Yeah, I think this is good. Think this is good. Think this is good. &gt;&gt; Great. &gt;&gt; Great. &gt;&gt; Great. So RWA as you know stands for real world So RWA as you know stands for real world. So RWA as you know stands for real world assets and it's more like a switch of assets and it's more like a switch of. Assets and it's more like a switch of contracts contracts contracts compared to a single contract. So it's. Compared to a single contract. So it's compared to a single contract. So it's more complicated and involved for the. More complicated and involved for the more complicated and involved for the base RWA token. You can think of it like. Base RWA token. You can think of it like base RWA token. You can think of it like. A funible token. It has the same a funible token. It has the same a funible token. It has the same. Metadata and core functions but on top metadata and core functions but on top metadata and core functions but on top. Of that we have forced transfer uh which of that we have forced transfer uh which. Of that we have forced transfer uh which the admins can force transfers on behalf. The admins can force transfers on behalf the admins can force transfers on behalf. Of the users. We have freezing both of the users. We have freezing both of the users. We have freezing both. Address level and partial. Partial means address level and partial. Partial means. Address level and partial. Partial means we can freeze some part of your wallet we can freeze some part of your wallet. We can freeze some part of your wallet balance. For example, maybe you have balance. For example, maybe you have. Balance. For example, maybe you have 2,000 in your balance and we only froze 2,000 in your balance and we only froze. 2,000 in your balance and we only froze 500 of it. And address level is your 500 of it. And address level is your. 500 of it. And address level is your address is frozen for every like address is frozen for every like. Address is frozen for every like transfer, mint, etc. operation. So transfer, mint, etc. operation. So. Transfer, mint, etc. operation. So basically you are on hold. Basically you are on hold. Basically you are on hold. We do also provide recovery mechanisms We do also provide recovery mechanisms We do also provide recovery mechanisms. In RWA. In RWA. In RWA. In case of you lose your private key In case of you lose your private key In case of you lose your private key. Then the authorities can recover your then the authorities can recover your then the authorities can recover your. Wallet by wallet by wallet by sending your balance to another wallet sending your balance to another wallet. Sending your balance to another wallet and also all the account related and also all the account related. And also all the account related information of you as well. Uh for this information of you as well. Uh for this. Information of you as well. Uh for this recovery of course you have to convince recovery of course you have to convince. Recovery of course you have to convince the authorities by providing the the authorities by providing the. The authorities by providing the necessary documentation. It's not part necessary documentation. It's not part. Necessary documentation. It's not part of the RWA standard, but this is how it of the RWA standard, but this is how it. Of the RWA standard, but this is how it will work on behi behind the scenes. Will work on behi behind the scenes. Will work on behi behind the scenes. And you probably already know about And you probably already know about And you probably already know about. Pausible operations for pausible operations for pausible operations for the utility for other tokens as well. The utility for other tokens as well. The utility for other tokens as well. This is the same for RWA token. We can This is the same for RWA token. We can This is the same for RWA token. We can. Pause the operations for the contract. Pause the operations for the contract. Pause the operations for the contract. So this base token contract is going to So this base token contract is going to So this base token contract is going to. Be interacting with two modules or be interacting with two modules or be interacting with two modules or. Stacks. One of them is identity, the stacks. One of them is identity, the stacks. One of them is identity, the. Other one is compliance. Other one is compliance. Other one is compliance. Identity stack will be responsible from Identity stack will be responsible from Identity stack will be responsible from. Verifying your identity basically but verifying your identity basically but verifying your identity basically but. It's also very involved and I will get it's also very involved and I will get it's also very involved and I will get. Into details later. And the other one is into details later. And the other one is. Into details later. And the other one is compliance. This is mostly for hooks compliance. This is mostly for hooks. Compliance. This is mostly for hooks post and pre hooks for the post and pre hooks for the. Post and pre hooks for the operations operations operations and this is this exists mostly due to. And this is this exists mostly due to and this is this exists mostly due to allow organizations or governments or. Allow organizations or governments or allow organizations or governments or etc to include or embed their own. Etc to include or embed their own etc to include or embed their own business logic into transfers and means. Business logic into transfers and means business logic into transfers and means and burn operations. And burn operations. And burn operations. So let's go step by step. Um the RWA So let's go step by step. Um the RWA So let's go step by step. Um the RWA. Token as I told you is the main contract token as I told you is the main contract. Token as I told you is the main contract and it and it and it uh it communicates with compliance and. Uh it communicates with compliance and uh it communicates with compliance and identity verifier. The compliance is. Identity verifier. The compliance is identity verifier. The compliance is managing five hook types which I will. Managing five hook types which I will managing five hook types which I will dive further deep into. Dive further deep into. Dive further deep into. And the good thing about compliance and And the good thing about compliance and And the good thing about compliance and. Identity verifier is they are identity verifier is they are identity verifier is they are. Multi-token support which means let's multi-token support which means let's multi-token support which means let's. Say you have a compliance contract you say you have a compliance contract you say you have a compliance contract you. Can share this with multiple tokens can share this with multiple tokens can share this with multiple tokens. Multiple RWA tokens. So let's say there multiple RWA tokens. So let's say there multiple RWA tokens. So let's say there. Is another RWA token here. It can also is another RWA token here. It can also is another RWA token here. It can also. Go to the same compliance contract. I go to the same compliance contract. I go to the same compliance contract. I. Will give this example which I like. Will give this example which I like. Will give this example which I like. Let's say you have bank A and bank B in Let's say you have bank A and bank B in Let's say you have bank A and bank B in. Your country and since they are in the your country and since they are in the your country and since they are in the. Same country probably the compliance same country probably the compliance same country probably the compliance. That they need to oblige to will be the that they need to oblige to will be the that they need to oblige to will be the. Same. So they can use the same same. So they can use the same same. So they can use the same. Compliance in this case. Compliance in this case. Compliance in this case. Identity verifier again this can be Identity verifier again this can be Identity verifier again this can be. Shared across multiple tokens. um it shared across multiple tokens. um it shared across multiple tokens. um it. Validates the identity of the validates the identity of the validates the identity of the. Investors of this investors of this investors of this uh token. Uh token. Uh token. I will dive this into later. So let's I will dive this into later. So let's I will dive this into later. So let's. Skip for now. Skip for now. Skip for now. If you go for the highle basics If you go for the highle basics If you go for the highle basics. Um for the token you need to provide the um for the token you need to provide the. Um for the token you need to provide the name symbol decimals and initial supply name symbol decimals and initial supply. Name symbol decimals and initial supply very standard basic stuff. Same with the very standard basic stuff. Same with the. Very standard basic stuff. Same with the funible funible funible and on top of the funible we will have. And on top of the funible we will have and on top of the funible we will have the freezing mechanisms. We will have a. The freezing mechanisms. We will have a the freezing mechanisms. We will have a recovery mechanism. We will have force. Recovery mechanism. We will have force recovery mechanism. We will have force transfers and posible operations as I. Transfers and posible operations as I transfers and posible operations as I told you. Told you. Told you. So right now I already told about how um So right now I already told about how um. So right now I already told about how um this compliance and identity stack can this compliance and identity stack can. This compliance and identity stack can be shared. So I'm going to skip this one be shared. So I'm going to skip this one. Be shared. So I'm going to skip this one as well. So let's dive into identity as well. So let's dive into identity. As well. So let's dive into identity stack. Stack. Stack. So there can be multiple ways to verify So there can be multiple ways to verify So there can be multiple ways to verify. Identity. The one we provide which is identity. The one we provide which is identity. The one we provide which is. The default one is claim based. So um the default one is claim based. So um the default one is claim based. So um. You can think of it like I'm from Turkey you can think of it like I'm from Turkey. You can think of it like I'm from Turkey and I'm a Turkish citizen and in this and I'm a Turkish citizen and in this. And I'm a Turkish citizen and in this RWA setting maybe uh the residency is an RWA setting maybe uh the residency is an. RWA setting maybe uh the residency is an issue. So I must have a claim from the issue. So I must have a claim from the. Issue. So I must have a claim from the authorities that I'm a resident authorities that I'm a resident. Authorities that I'm a resident uh of Turkey. So I I need a residency uh of Turkey. So I I need a residency. Uh of Turkey. So I I need a residency claim issued for me by the authorities. Claim issued for me by the authorities. Claim issued for me by the authorities. And one downside of this approach can be And one downside of this approach can be. And one downside of this approach can be if it is not encrypted if it is not encrypted. If it is not encrypted then all the data for everyone since then all the data for everyone since. Then all the data for everyone since this is onchain data can be seen by this is onchain data can be seen by. This is onchain data can be seen by everyone. So this is very useful but everyone. So this is very useful but. Everyone. So this is very useful but also if you care about privacy it's it also if you care about privacy it's it. Also if you care about privacy it's it may not be the best solution. May not be the best solution. May not be the best solution. Um so there are other approaches as well Um so there are other approaches as well. Um so there are other approaches as well like um you can do Merkel tree, you can like um you can do Merkel tree, you can. Like um you can do Merkel tree, you can do ZK email, you can do your own custom do ZK email, you can do your own custom. Do ZK email, you can do your own custom approach. We do not provide these by the approach. We do not provide these by the. Approach. We do not provide these by the way but they are for sure doable and we way but they are for sure doable and we. Way but they are for sure doable and we designed the architecture in such a way designed the architecture in such a way. Designed the architecture in such a way that this uh coupling here is not tight that this uh coupling here is not tight. That this uh coupling here is not tight but loose. So you can easily plug plug but loose. So you can easily plug plug. But loose. So you can easily plug plug this one out and plug your own solution this one out and plug your own solution. This one out and plug your own solution for identity stack. Sorry here. So for identity stack. Sorry here. So. For identity stack. Sorry here. So basically you can uh replace the stack basically you can uh replace the stack. Basically you can uh replace the stack here uh and plug your own. So what do we provide for the default So what do we provide for the default identity? We provide claim topics. These. Identity? We provide claim topics. These identity? We provide claim topics. These. Will be non customer uh anti-manual will be non customer uh anti-manual will be non customer uh anti-manual. Laundering uh etc. For the topics laundering uh etc. For the topics laundering uh etc. For the topics. We limited the topics by at most 15. We we limited the topics by at most 15. We we limited the topics by at most 15. We. Also have trusted issuers. Uh these are also have trusted issuers. Uh these are also have trusted issuers. Uh these are. All separate contracts by the way. Like all separate contracts by the way. Like all separate contracts by the way. Like. This is a separate contract. This is a this is a separate contract. This is a this is a separate contract. This is a. Separate contract. This is a separate separate contract. This is a separate separate contract. This is a separate. Contract. Contract. Contract. And the issuers, the trusted issuers And the issuers, the trusted issuers And the issuers, the trusted issuers. Will be able to sign claims on behalf of will be able to sign claims on behalf of. Will be able to sign claims on behalf of the users so that the users can uh use the users so that the users can uh use. The users so that the users can uh use these claims. These claims. These claims. And And And we also store the information regarding we also store the information regarding. We also store the information regarding the identities like if they are the identities like if they are. The identities like if they are individuals or organization individuals or organization. Individuals or organization uh which country are they based in etc. Uh which country are they based in etc. Uh which country are they based in etc. So the identity stack is managing all So the identity stack is managing all So the identity stack is managing all. The claims and the the claims and the the claims and the topics and also the topics and also the. Topics and also the account related information like account related information like. Account related information like individual organization country individual organization country. Individual organization country information etc. Information etc. Information etc. The compliance one. So these are the the compliance one. So these are the the compliance one. So these are the. Hooks. This is much more hooks. This is much more hooks. This is much more straightforward. We have two pre hooks. Straightforward. We have two pre hooks straightforward. We have two pre hooks and three post hooks. And three post hooks and three post hooks transferred, created and destroyed. So I. Transferred, created and destroyed. So I transferred, created and destroyed. So I. Will start from the pre hooks. Will start from the pre hooks. Will start from the pre hooks. Say your organization needs to run Say your organization needs to run Say your organization needs to run. Additional business logic for transfers. Additional business logic for transfers. Additional business logic for transfers. So before any transfer operation So before any transfer operation So before any transfer operation. Happens, you want to run some custom happens, you want to run some custom happens, you want to run some custom. Business logic, you can do that. Uh we business logic, you can do that. Uh we business logic, you can do that. Uh we. Have a compliance contract which will have a compliance contract which will have a compliance contract which will. Call this hook when a transfer is about call this hook when a transfer is about call this hook when a transfer is about. To happen. And for this hook to work, to happen. And for this hook to work, to happen. And for this hook to work,. You can have your own contracts. You can have your own contracts. You can have your own contracts. We will call them modules. [snorts] And We will call them modules. [snorts] And We will call them modules. [snorts] And. Let's say you have a module for can let's say you have a module for can let's say you have a module for can. Transfer. So what you would do is you transfer. So what you would do is you transfer. So what you would do is you. Would link the compliance contract to would link the compliance contract to would link the compliance contract to. Your can transfer module contract and your can transfer module contract and your can transfer module contract and. This compliance contract will call your this compliance contract will call your this compliance contract will call your. Module on every time there is a transfer module on every time there is a transfer. Module on every time there is a transfer is about to happen and the good thing is. Is about to happen and the good thing is is about to happen and the good thing is. You can deploy many contracts per one you can deploy many contracts per one you can deploy many contracts per one. Hook. So for example, you can have three hook. So for example, you can have three. Hook. So for example, you can have three contracts that will be called for can contracts that will be called for can. Contracts that will be called for can transfer but five for can create which transfer but five for can create which. Transfer but five for can create which for be minting. This is completely up to for be minting. This is completely up to. For be minting. This is completely up to you. Uh we decided to go with multiple you. Uh we decided to go with multiple. You. Uh we decided to go with multiple contracts due to audit audit contracts due to audit audit. Contracts due to audit audit auditability and also separation of auditability and also separation of. Auditability and also separation of concerns. So if you just wrote your concerns. So if you just wrote your. Concerns. So if you just wrote your logic into this scan transfer and then logic into this scan transfer and then. Logic into this scan transfer and then you wrote another logic in the scan you wrote another logic in the scan. You wrote another logic in the scan transfer by pure code then it would be transfer by pure code then it would be. Transfer by pure code then it would be cumbersome to manage and debug. So cumbersome to manage and debug. So. Cumbersome to manage and debug. So that's why all business logics separated that's why all business logics separated. That's why all business logics separated into their own contracts which will be into their own contracts which will be. Into their own contracts which will be called by a relayer contract or proxy called by a relayer contract or proxy. Called by a relayer contract or proxy contract is a better architecture. Contract is a better architecture. Contract is a better architecture. The same goes for these post hooks. You The same goes for these post hooks. You The same goes for these post hooks. You. Can have additional logic for all of can have additional logic for all of can have additional logic for all of. These. These. These. And that summarizes And that summarizes And that summarizes the compliance module. The compliance module. The compliance module. So what about the access control? Uh you So what about the access control? Uh you. So what about the access control? Uh you have few options. You can go with have few options. You can go with. Have few options. You can go with ownership model or role based access ownership model or role based access. Ownership model or role based access control. So it's completely up to you. Control. So it's completely up to you. Control. So it's completely up to you. And for each kind of operation you can And for each kind of operation you can And for each kind of operation you can. Assign roles have very complex role assign roles have very complex role assign roles have very complex role. Based uh access control architecture or based uh access control architecture or based uh access control architecture or. Very simple one again completely up to very simple one again completely up to very simple one again completely up to. You. You. You. We now only provide one extension for We now only provide one extension for We now only provide one extension for. RWA which is document manager. Um RWA which is document manager. Um RWA which is document manager. Um. [clears throat] enables you to attach [clears throat] enables you to attach [clears throat] enables you to attach. Some legal documents etc to your token. Some legal documents etc to your token. Some legal documents etc to your token. Of course, we do not store the whole Of course, we do not store the whole Of course, we do not store the whole. Document in the blockchain like onchain. Document in the blockchain like onchain. Document in the blockchain like onchain. This will be inefficient. We are This will be inefficient. We are This will be inefficient. We are. Utilizing the hash. Utilizing the hash. Utilizing the hash. And you can also add your own extensions And you can also add your own extensions. And you can also add your own extensions to RWA. To RWA. To RWA. That will be it for the RWA. If you have That will be it for the RWA. If you have. That will be it for the RWA. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. Any questions, feel free to ask. Any questions, feel free to ask. I see one question. Is RWA design based I see one question. Is RWA design based I see one question. Is RWA design based. On any existing stars? Yeah, of course. On any existing stars? Yeah, of course. On any existing stars? Yeah, of course. So um we work with uh tokenia and uh ERC So um we work with uh tokenia and uh ERC. So um we work with uh tokenia and uh ERC foundation also in collaboration with foundation also in collaboration with. Foundation also in collaboration with stellar included. So all these companies stellar included. So all these companies. Stellar included. So all these companies came together and based on the RWA came together and based on the RWA. Came together and based on the RWA uh proposal for the Ethereum ecosystem uh proposal for the Ethereum ecosystem. Uh proposal for the Ethereum ecosystem or general ecosystem we made it specific or general ecosystem we made it specific. Or general ecosystem we made it specific to Stellar. So we made some few to Stellar. So we made some few. To Stellar. So we made some few deviations from the original proposal deviations from the original proposal. Deviations from the original proposal and most of our proposals to deviate and most of our proposals to deviate. And most of our proposals to deviate from it from it from it was welcomed and it will be adopted in. Was welcomed and it will be adopted in was welcomed and it will be adopted in the original standard as well. So we. The original standard as well. So we the original standard as well. So we also contributed to the maturity of the. Also contributed to the maturity of the also contributed to the maturity of the original proposal as well. So it's not. Original proposal as well. So it's not original proposal as well. So it's not designed from scratch if that's what you. Designed from scratch if that's what you designed from scratch if that's what you. Are asking. Are asking. Are asking. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. This was three really &gt;&gt; Okay, great. This was three really. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. This was three really interesting uh presentations and I think. Interesting uh presentations and I think interesting uh presentations and I think. It's very aligned with what we see that it's very aligned with what we see that it's very aligned with what we see that. Uh developers are interested in doing. Uh developers are interested in doing. Uh developers are interested in doing. Uh yeah the the uh yeah the the uh yeah the the pass key integration and use that for. Pass key integration and use that for pass key integration and use that for authorization uh is something that's. Authorization uh is something that's authorization uh is something that's very big focus on I think this framework. Very big focus on I think this framework very big focus on I think this framework. You presented is going to help a lot of you presented is going to help a lot of you presented is going to help a lot of. Developers um to create a robust developers um to create a robust developers um to create a robust. Framework for for authorization using framework for for authorization using framework for for authorization using. Pass keys um the vault is something pass keys um the vault is something pass keys um the vault is something. We've seen an increased interest in uh a we've seen an increased interest in uh a. We've seen an increased interest in uh a lot of developers want to build in a way. Lot of developers want to build in a way lot of developers want to build in a way. To earn uh for the tokens that the the to earn uh for the tokens that the the to earn uh for the tokens that the the. Users are are holding in their wallet. Users are are holding in their wallet. Users are are holding in their wallet. So very interesting as well and RWA it's So very interesting as well and RWA it's. So very interesting as well and RWA it's also super aligned with what what SDF is. Also super aligned with what what SDF is also super aligned with what what SDF is. Interested in. So I think this is a interested in. So I think this is a interested in. So I think this is a. Really this really hits right where the really this really hits right where the really this really hits right where the. Focus is from developer sites today. So focus is from developer sites today. So focus is from developer sites today. So. Super interesting and I think we we did super interesting and I think we we did super interesting and I think we we did. Post all of the links but but otherwise post all of the links but but otherwise post all of the links but but otherwise. Uh go to opensein.org uh go to opensein.org uh go to opensein.org orc I believe orc I believe. Orc I believe uh.com and and then um then you can you uh.com and and then um then you can you. Uh.com and and then um then you can you can also see all the documentation can also see all the documentation. Can also see all the documentation there. Um let's see was one more there. Um let's see was one more. There. Um let's see was one more comment. Yeah, I don't think there's any any Yeah, I don't think there's any any other questions. Uh this is last chance. Other questions. Uh this is last chance other questions. Uh this is last chance if anyone has a question but but thank. If anyone has a question but but thank if anyone has a question but but thank you both of you for for joining today. You both of you for for joining today. You both of you for for joining today. It's super interesting to see all the It's super interesting to see all the It's super interesting to see all the. Work you're doing. And I personally I work you're doing. And I personally I work you're doing. And I personally I. Think it's super interesting to see some think it's super interesting to see some. Think it's super interesting to see some of the some of the libraries you're of the some of the libraries you're. Of the some of the libraries you're building, some of the frameworks and building, some of the frameworks and. Building, some of the frameworks and some of the tooling when we go out to some of the tooling when we go out to. Some of the tooling when we go out to hackathons and when we talk to hackathons and when we talk to. Hackathons and when we talk to developers that we see that they're developers that we see that they're. Developers that we see that they're being used. I think that's that's the being used. I think that's that's the. Being used. I think that's that's the that's the greatest part of it. So So that's the greatest part of it. So So. That's the greatest part of it. So So thank you everyone uh for joining and thank you everyone uh for joining and. Thank you everyone uh for joining and thank you you two guys uh for being on thank you you two guys uh for being on. Thank you you two guys uh for being on here again here again here again &gt;&gt; and u I'm sure we will talk again uh. &gt;&gt; and u I'm sure we will talk again uh &gt;&gt; and u I'm sure we will talk again uh. Sometime soon and uh follow up on on the sometime soon and uh follow up on on the. Sometime soon and uh follow up on on the latest development. But thank you for latest development. But thank you for. Latest development. But thank you for joining everyone. We see you next week. Joining everyone. We see you next week. Joining everyone. We see you next week. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having us. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having us. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having us. &gt;&gt; See you.
