Hello and welcome everyone to this Hello and welcome everyone to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting. We are. Week's Stellar Developer Meeting. We are week's Stellar Developer Meeting. We are finally back again after Meridian and. Finally back again after Meridian and finally back again after Meridian and lots of hackathons and activities. But. Lots of hackathons and activities. But lots of hackathons and activities. But I'm great to it's great to be back. I'm great to it's great to be back. I'm great to it's great to be back. And with us today we have Steve from And with us today we have Steve from And with us today we have Steve from. Open Seelin. Open Seelin. You have Open Seelin. Open Seelin. You have Open Seelin. Open Seelin. You have. Probably heard about it. Maybe you've probably heard about it. Maybe you've probably heard about it. Maybe you've. Even tried some of their their tooling, even tried some of their their tooling, even tried some of their their tooling,. But they're building some really great but they're building some really great but they're building some really great. Tooling that's compatible with tooling that's compatible with tooling that's compatible with. Stellar and built for Stellar. So I'm Stellar and built for Stellar. So I'm Stellar and built for Stellar. So I'm. Really excited to see a demo of the really excited to see a demo of the really excited to see a demo of the. The latest tool that developed that the latest tool that developed that the latest tool that developed that . Runs the UI builder. So Steve, yeah, runs the UI builder. So Steve, yeah, runs the UI builder. So Steve, yeah,. Maybe just introduce yourself really maybe just introduce yourself really maybe just introduce yourself really. Briefly and then yeah, we can jump briefly and then yeah, we can jump briefly and then yeah, we can jump. Into the demo. Into the demo. Into the demo.  Yeah, thank you so much. I really  Yeah, thank you so much. I really.  Yeah, thank you so much. I really appreciate it. It's nice to be here and. Appreciate it. It's nice to be here and appreciate it. It's nice to be here and to be with you all here today. So. To be with you all here today. So to be with you all here today. So again, my name is Steve. I am doing. Again, my name is Steve. I am doing again, my name is Steve. I am doing developer relations with OpenZeppelin. Developer relations with OpenZeppelin developer relations with OpenZeppelin and so I handle a lot of things anywhere. And so I handle a lot of things anywhere and so I handle a lot of things anywhere. From documentation or interacting from documentation or interacting from documentation or interacting. With a lot of our ecosystem communities with a lot of our ecosystem communities with a lot of our ecosystem communities. And you know showing you guys how and you know showing you guys how and you know showing you guys how. Some of the stuff works and yeah I think some of the stuff works and yeah I think. Some of the stuff works and yeah I think it's going to be really fun. It's going to be really fun. It's going to be really fun.  Okay, I'll share the screen here. Maybe you can zoom in a little bit. Maybe you can zoom in a little bit.  Yeah, I think I can do that. And my  Yeah, I think I can do that. And my.  Yeah, I think I can do that. And my screen is a little big. There we go. I. Screen is a little big. There we go. I screen is a little big. There we go. I think that should be good. Think that should be good. Think that should be good.  Yeah. Does that look better? Yep.  Yeah. Does that look better? Yep.  Yeah. Does that look better? Yep.  Sweet. Awesome. Yeah. Well, like I said,  Sweet. Awesome. Yeah. Well, like I said,.  Sweet. Awesome. Yeah. Well, like I said, today we're going to be showing off. today we're going to be showing off today we're going to be showing off the OpenZeppelin UI builder. The OpenZeppelin UI builder. The OpenZeppelin UI builder. Essentially, this is a tool you can use Essentially, this is a tool you can use Essentially, this is a tool you can use. To interact with contracts that you have to interact with contracts that you have. To interact with contracts that you have on either Stellar mainet or Stellar on either Stellar mainet or Stellar. On either Stellar mainet or Stellar testnet, but it's actually goes a little testnet, but it's actually goes a little. Testnet, but it's actually goes a little bit further than that. it's honestly bit further than that. it's honestly. Bit further than that. it's honestly like a React component library, like a like a React component library, like a. Like a React component library, like a UI library. And so once you've created UI library. And so once you've created. UI library. And so once you've created these forms or got the basics going, you these forms or got the basics going, you. These forms or got the basics going, you can actually download it as an entire can actually download it as an entire. Can actually download it as an entire app or you can install the library as a app or you can install the library as a. App or you can install the library as a package and build these UI elements package and build these UI elements. Package and build these UI elements yourself. And it just takes a lot of yourself. And it just takes a lot of. Yourself. And it just takes a lot of that weight off of you when you're that weight off of you when you're. That weight off of you when you're trying to build interactive elements, trying to build interactive elements,. Trying to build interactive elements, you know, with your contracts. So today, you know, with your contracts. So today,. You know, with your contracts. So today, I'll just go ahead and show you what it I'll just go ahead and show you what it. I'll just go ahead and show you what it looks like. You can visit this today. Looks like. You can visit this today. Looks like. You can visit this today. It's live at builder.openzeppelin.com. It's live at builder.openzeppelin.com. It's live at builder.openzeppelin.com. And you'll be landed in this, you know, And you'll be landed in this, you know, And you'll be landed in this, you know,. New contract UI screen. And all you have new contract UI screen. And all you have. New contract UI screen. And all you have to do is just go ahead and select the to do is just go ahead and select the. To do is just go ahead and select the Stellar tab. And then you select Stellar tab. And then you select . Stellar tab. And then you select Stellar test net or mainet. So I'm going Stellar test net or mainet. So I'm going. Stellar test net or mainet. So I'm going to click test net right now. And from. To click test net right now. And from to click test net right now. And from. Here we just go ahead and paste in a here we just go ahead and paste in a here we just go ahead and paste in a. Contract ID. it does work with both contract ID. it does work with both contract ID. it does work with both. WASM and Stellar asset contracts. The WASM and Stellar asset contracts. The. WASM and Stellar asset contracts. The main difference is that these will pull main difference is that these will pull. Main difference is that these will pull directly from source, but these since directly from source, but these since. Directly from source, but these since they're not you know all the API and they're not you know all the API and. They're not you know all the API and things like that are not with source things like that are not with source. Things like that are not with source will actually pull that from GitHub will actually pull that from GitHub. Will actually pull that from GitHub directly. But both of them work, so directly. But both of them work, so. Directly. But both of them work, so you'll have no problem there. But we'll you'll have no problem there. But we'll. You'll have no problem there. But we'll go ahead and pull this one in. And right go ahead and pull this one in. And right. Go ahead and pull this one in. And right away, you'll see that we go ahead and away, you'll see that we go ahead and. Away, you'll see that we go ahead and pull in a whole bunch of stuff. First, pull in a whole bunch of stuff. First,. Pull in a whole bunch of stuff. First, we pull in the contract state here. So, we pull in the contract state here. So,. We pull in the contract state here. So, this is the current state of the this is the current state of the. This is the current state of the contract. This is kind of like our we contract. This is kind of like our we. Contract. This is kind of like our we call it our kitchen sync contract that call it our kitchen sync contract that. Call it our kitchen sync contract that has all sorts of variables and functions has all sorts of variables and functions. Has all sorts of variables and functions just to test a lot of different, you just to test a lot of different, you. Just to test a lot of different, you know, possible interactions. And we're know, possible interactions. And we're. Know, possible interactions. And we're pulling that directly from pulling that directly from. Pulling that directly from Stellar.expert. Stellar.expert. Stellar.expert. Really cool. And so, from here, we can Really cool. And so, from here, we can Really cool. And so, from here, we can. Go ahead and click next. And this is go ahead and click next. And this is go ahead and click next. And this is. Where we start to decide or build out where we start to decide or build out where we start to decide or build out. Our form. And the first thing you'll our form. And the first thing you'll our form. And the first thing you'll. Want to do is select a function. what want to do is select a function. what. Want to do is select a function. what do you want to build a form for? What do you want to build a form for? What. Do you want to build a form for? What piece do you want to interact with? And piece do you want to interact with? And. Piece do you want to interact with? And there's a whole bunch of different there's a whole bunch of different. There's a whole bunch of different stuff. I'm going to select something stuff. I'm going to select something. Stuff. I'm going to select something pretty simple, just a set text right pretty simple, just a set text right. Pretty simple, just a set text right here. So I just hit select here. And here. So I just hit select here. And. Here. So I just hit select here. And from here I can start to kind of from here I can start to kind of. From here I can start to kind of customize this. So I can say like set customize this. So I can say like set. Customize this. So I can say like set greeting. I can change the description, greeting. I can change the description,. Greeting. I can change the description, things like that. , from there I can things like that. , from there I can. Things like that. , from there I can go into the fields and have like field go into the fields and have like field. Go into the fields and have like field labels. I could do field types and you labels. I could do field types and you. Labels. I could do field types and you know if we need an email or input, know if we need an email or input,. Know if we need an email or input, there's like a whole bunch of different there's like a whole bunch of different. There's like a whole bunch of different types here. So I'm going to say we'll types here. So I'm going to say we'll. Types here. So I'm going to say we'll just call this greeting just call this greeting. Just call this greeting and say placeholder hello. And there's a and say placeholder hello. And there's a. And say placeholder hello. And there's a whole lot of stuff you can do like whole lot of stuff you can do like. Whole lot of stuff you can do like required fields. You can hide from the required fields. You can hide from the. Required fields. You can hide from the UI, use hard-coded values. It's very UI, use hard-coded values. It's very. UI, use hard-coded values. It's very customizable. And so once we have that, customizable. And so once we have that,. Customizable. And so once we have that, I'll go ahead and do an execution I'll go ahead and do an execution. I'll go ahead and do an execution method. So from here we can decide if we method. So from here we can decide if we. Method. So from here we can decide if we want to allow any wallet to connect with. Want to allow any wallet to connect with want to allow any wallet to connect with. This and start using it or if we want to this and start using it or if we want to. This and start using it or if we want to require like specific account to require like specific account to. Require like specific account to interact with it. We also have the interact with it. We also have the. Interact with it. We also have the option to do OpenZeppelin relayers. If option to do OpenZeppelin relayers. If. Option to do OpenZeppelin relayers. If you haven't checked out relayers, I you haven't checked out relayers, I. You haven't checked out relayers, I would highly recommend you do. You can would highly recommend you do. You can. Would highly recommend you do. You can check them out at check them out at check them out at. Docs.openzeppelin.comrelayer. Docs.openzeppelin.comrelayer. Docs.openzeppelin.comrelayer. And essentially they're managed services And essentially they're managed services. And essentially they're managed services kind of like a back-end server that can kind of like a back-end server that can. Kind of like a back-end server that can relay transactions for you and can relay transactions for you and can. Relay transactions for you and can automate certain things and you can do automate certain things and you can do. Automate certain things and you can do things like gasless transactions. It has things like gasless transactions. It has. Things like gasless transactions. It has full Stellar network support. So it's. Full Stellar network support. So it's full Stellar network support. So it's. Really really cool stuff. Would highly really really cool stuff. Would highly really really cool stuff. Would highly. Recommend checking it out. But for now recommend checking it out. But for now recommend checking it out. But for now. We'll just stick with like a standard we'll just stick with like a standard we'll just stick with like a standard. Account. And then from there we have a account. And then from there we have a account. And then from there we have a. UI kit. So you can basically choose UI kit. So you can basically choose UI kit. So you can basically choose. Which wallet kit you want to be which wallet kit you want to be which wallet kit you want to be. Included. So right now I have just the included. So right now I have just the included. So right now I have just the. Built by OpenZeppelin standard one. Built by OpenZeppelin standard one. Built by OpenZeppelin standard one. It's kind of like a very minimal, It's kind of like a very minimal, It's kind of like a very minimal,. Nothing really fancy. So I can see my nothing really fancy. So I can see my nothing really fancy. So I can see my. Accounts connected here. I could accounts connected here. I could accounts connected here. I could. Disconnect. but if you wanted to, you disconnect. but if you wanted to, you. Disconnect. but if you wanted to, you could also use the Stellar walts kit. Could also use the Stellar walts kit. Could also use the Stellar walts kit. And so you'll have, you know, a And so you'll have, you know, a And so you'll have, you know, a. Different experience. You can kind of different experience. You can kind of different experience. You can kind of. Customize that and choose which one you customize that and choose which one you customize that and choose which one you. Like. I'll just go ahead and switch to like. I'll just go ahead and switch to like. I'll just go ahead and switch to. Open zeppelins. And once we have OpenZeppelin. And once we have OpenZeppelin. And once we have. Everything ready, , I can either just everything ready, , I can either just everything ready, , I can either just. Go and hit next or at any point when I'm go and hit next or at any point when I'm. Go and hit next or at any point when I'm in this, , you know, building phase, I. In this, , you know, building phase, I in this, , you know, building phase, I. Can hit preview form to view it and test can hit preview form to view it and test. Can hit preview form to view it and test it out and then go back to building it. It out and then go back to building it. It out and then go back to building it. So once we have it set, I could actually So once we have it set, I could actually. So once we have it set, I could actually go ahead and give this a shot here. So I. Go ahead and give this a shot here. So I go ahead and give this a shot here. So I. Can say hello world or something like can say hello world or something like can say hello world or something like. That. Go ahead and do execute. And that. Go ahead and do execute. And that. Go ahead and do execute. And. That's just going to have me sign that that's just going to have me sign that that's just going to have me sign that. Transaction. Transaction. Transaction. And there we go. It's successful. And And there we go. It's successful. And And there we go. It's successful. And. What's really cool is that we can just what's really cool is that we can just what's really cool is that we can just. Hit this refresh button here. And you hit this refresh button here. And you hit this refresh button here. And you. Can see we have our hello world that's can see we have our hello world that's can see we have our hello world that's. Been updated in our contract state, been updated in our contract state, been updated in our contract state,. Which is really cool. And from here, we which is really cool. And from here, we which is really cool. And from here, we. Can go ahead and export this if we want can go ahead and export this if we want can go ahead and export this if we want. To. This is going to export it as a like to. This is going to export it as a like. To. This is going to export it as a like zip folder. And once you unzip it, it's zip folder. And once you unzip it, it's. Zip folder. And once you unzip it, it's going to be a V react project. And you going to be a V react project. And you. Going to be a V react project. And you could just install the dependencies, could just install the dependencies,. Could just install the dependencies, build, and then you basically have a app build, and then you basically have a app. Build, and then you basically have a app ready to go. Now, that's only half of it. Ready to go. Now, that's only half of it ready to go. Now, that's only half of it. Because that's like a really simple one because that's like a really simple one because that's like a really simple one. Form piece there. If you wanted to, you form piece there. If you wanted to, you form piece there. If you wanted to, you. Can even go to our GitHub here, which can even go to our GitHub here, which. Can even go to our GitHub here, which is open zeppelini-builder. Is open zeppelini-builder. Is open zeppelini-builder. And from here, you can actually download And from here, you can actually download. And from here, you can actually download package dependencies. You could build package dependencies. You could build. Package dependencies. You could build these and use them in your app yourself, these and use them in your app yourself,. These and use them in your app yourself, the components themselves. So, there's a. The components themselves. So, there's a the components themselves. So, there's a. Lot there. And just to show you too lot there. And just to show you too lot there. And just to show you too . The some of the other things that the UI the some of the other things that the UI. The some of the other things that the UI builder has to offer is once we created builder has to offer is once we created. Builder has to offer is once we created this UI, we can see it here under our this UI, we can see it here under our. This UI, we can see it here under our contract UIs here. And so as you build contract UIs here. And so as you build. Contract UIs here. And so as you build these forms and let's say you're doing these forms and let's say you're doing. These forms and let's say you're doing multiple different tests or multiple multiple different tests or multiple. Multiple different tests or multiple different forms, they're all stored in different forms, they're all stored in. Different forms, they're all stored in your browser as local storage and you your browser as local storage and you. Your browser as local storage and you can actually click on them here. So, can actually click on them here. So,. Can actually click on them here. So, here's a different one that's a much here's a different one that's a much. Here's a different one that's a much more complex form where I can put in an more complex form where I can put in an. More complex form where I can put in an account address. I can put an account account address. I can put an account. Account address. I can put an account label, , key values. There's a whole label, , key values. There's a whole. Label, , key values. There's a whole lot of stuff you can put here. And so, lot of stuff you can put here. And so,. Lot of stuff you can put here. And so, these are all kind of stored. And if I these are all kind of stored. And if I. These are all kind of stored. And if I wanted to, I could click on the three wanted to, I could click on the three. Wanted to, I could click on the three dots here to rename, duplicate, export. Dots here to rename, duplicate, export. Dots here to rename, duplicate, export. And all of this is basically just basic And all of this is basically just basic And all of this is basically just basic. JSON data. So at any point I can JSON data. So at any point I can JSON data. So at any point I can. Actually export all of my current UIs actually export all of my current UIs actually export all of my current UIs. Into a JSON file right here. And so from into a JSON file right here. And so from. Into a JSON file right here. And so from there I can import it and if I ever there I can import it and if I ever. There I can import it and if I ever needed to bring it back or something needed to bring it back or something. Needed to bring it back or something like that, it's all dated. Just click like that, it's all dated. Just click. Like that, it's all dated. Just click import. And it brings in those forms import. And it brings in those forms. Import. And it brings in those forms that I just had. That I just had. That I just had. And so we can just go ahead and delete And so we can just go ahead and delete And so we can just go ahead and delete. Those. Those. Those. And yeah, that is the basics of the UI And yeah, that is the basics of the UI And yeah, that is the basics of the UI. Builder. And again, I think it works builder. And again, I think it works builder. And again, I think it works. Really great if you're working with our really great if you're working with our really great if you're working with our. Wizard and you're like maybe putting wizard and you're like maybe putting wizard and you're like maybe putting. Together a contract, maybe you've together a contract, maybe you've together a contract, maybe you've. Deployed it. From here, you can just deployed it. From here, you can just deployed it. From here, you can just. Paste in that address, interact with it, paste in that address, interact with it,. Paste in that address, interact with it, and test it out. Or if you wanted to and test it out. Or if you wanted to. And test it out. Or if you wanted to build your own web app that has those build your own web app that has those. Build your own web app that has those UIs built in. Yeah, that's pretty much UIs built in. Yeah, that's pretty much. UIs built in. Yeah, that's pretty much it. It. It.  Great. if there's anyone that has  Great. if there's anyone that has.  Great. if there's anyone that has any questions, please feel free to to. Any questions, please feel free to to any questions, please feel free to to. Drop them in in the comments. I think drop them in in the comments. I think. Drop them in in the comments. I think this was this was a really interesting this was this was a really interesting. This was this was a really interesting demo. are there any limitations or demo. are there any limitations or. Demo. are there any limitations or anything I should know as a developer? Anything I should know as a developer? Anything I should know as a developer? if what is the what what what would if what is the what what what would if what is the what what what would. Be the common use case? Is it some some be the common use case? Is it some some be the common use case? Is it some some. Someone who's playing around with the someone who's playing around with the. Someone who's playing around with the UI and they can drop it into their own UI and they can drop it into their own. UI and they can drop it into their own UI as a component or what is what what UI as a component or what is what what. UI as a component or what is what what what is a typical use case you would what is a typical use case you would. What is a typical use case you would say? Say? Say?  Yeah, I think there's actually a lot of  Yeah, I think there's actually a lot of.  Yeah, I think there's actually a lot of great use cases for it. One of them,. Great use cases for it. One of them, great use cases for it. One of them, like you said, is if you're just playing. Like you said, is if you're just playing like you said, is if you're just playing. Around and you want to test around or around and you want to test around or around and you want to test around or. Try out a contract, it gives it a really try out a contract, it gives it a really. Try out a contract, it gives it a really easy un interface to start using it. ,. Easy un interface to start using it. , easy un interface to start using it. ,. But we've seen some other people as well but we've seen some other people as well. But we've seen some other people as well where like it could be used in a team where like it could be used in a team. Where like it could be used in a team application like for instance to help application like for instance to help. Application like for instance to help manage liquidity pools or build more manage liquidity pools or build more. Manage liquidity pools or build more complex forms that might be used complex forms that might be used. Complex forms that might be used internally. There's all sorts of things internally. There's all sorts of things. Internally. There's all sorts of things I think you can do. but I think you I think you can do. but I think you. I think you can do. but I think you know for people who are just starting know for people who are just starting. Know for people who are just starting out just wanting to build and get out just wanting to build and get. Out just wanting to build and get experience I think it's great for that experience I think it's great for that. Experience I think it's great for that use case personally. Yeah, I can use case personally. Yeah, I can. Use case personally. Yeah, I can definitely see it. developers in like definitely see it. developers in like. Definitely see it. developers in like early in the developer journey. if early in the developer journey. if. Early in the developer journey. if you build a smart contract, it you build a smart contract, it. You build a smart contract, it sometimes it can be a little bit sometimes it can be a little bit . Sometimes it can be a little bit complicated if you're completely new to complicated if you're completely new to. Complicated if you're completely new to Stellar to use the CLI to invoke the Stellar to use the CLI to invoke the. Stellar to use the CLI to invoke the contract and get all the the formatting contract and get all the the formatting. Contract and get all the the formatting correct in in the in the invoke command. Correct in in the in the invoke command. Correct in in the in the invoke command. Definitely makes it a lot easier to be definitely makes it a lot easier to be definitely makes it a lot easier to be. Able to quickly spin up a UI and able to quickly spin up a UI and able to quickly spin up a UI and. Interact with your smart contract and interact with your smart contract and interact with your smart contract and. Test things out. But but you said it's test things out. But but you said it's test things out. But but you said it's. Built in it was built in React. Built in it was built in React. Built in it was built in React.  Yeah. Yep. It's all basic React UI  Yeah. Yep. It's all basic React UI.  Yeah. Yep. It's all basic React UI components. I think we use Shad CN UI. Components. I think we use Shad CN UI components. I think we use Shad CN UI. Components under the hood as well. so components under the hood as well. so. Components under the hood as well. so I think we have a lot of visions too I think we have a lot of visions too. I think we have a lot of visions too about what that might look like in the about what that might look like in the. About what that might look like in the future and how you might be able to future and how you might be able to. Future and how you might be able to import them into your existing app or import them into your existing app or. Import them into your existing app or something like that. They are packages something like that. They are packages. Something like that. They are packages that you can install to an existing that you can install to an existing. That you can install to an existing React app and just start building right React app and just start building right. React app and just start building right away if you'd like to, which is really away if you'd like to, which is really. Away if you'd like to, which is really cool. Cool. Cool.  Yeah, it it definitely makes it easy to  Yeah, it it definitely makes it easy to.  Yeah, it it definitely makes it easy to drop it into to if if you're building a. Drop it into to if if you're building a drop it into to if if you're building a React application, then drop in the the. React application, then drop in the the React application, then drop in the the forms to interact with the with the. Forms to interact with the with the forms to interact with the with the smart contracts. Smart contracts. Smart contracts.  I think personally, I think we'll see a  I think personally, I think we'll see a.  I think personally, I think we'll see a lot of use of this in hackathons where. Lot of use of this in hackathons where lot of use of this in hackathons where you have limited time to accomplish. You have limited time to accomplish you have limited time to accomplish something. it's it's a very it's it. Something. it's it's a very it's it something. it's it's a very it's it looks very easy. I had a a chance to. Looks very easy. I had a a chance to looks very easy. I had a a chance to play with it yesterday and it it was. Play with it yesterday and it it was play with it yesterday and it it was just in a matter of minutes I had a. Just in a matter of minutes I had a just in a matter of minutes I had a front end for my for my my smart. Front end for my for my my smart front end for my for my my smart contract. So. Contract. So contract. So  really really great experience. I see we  really really great experience. I see we.  really really great experience. I see we have a question here. have a question here. . Have a question here. I see it as a good starting point for I see it as a good starting point for. I see it as a good starting point for building deps for your customers to building deps for your customers to. Building deps for your customers to interact with your C contracts. Yeah, interact with your C contracts. Yeah,. Interact with your C contracts. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely.  Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.  Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.  Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I even see it. I even see it I even see it. I even see it I even see it. I even see it. Sometimes. I do a I in my role as a sometimes. I do a I in my role as a. Sometimes. I do a I in my role as a dev as as you know from from yourself, dev as as you know from from yourself,. Dev as as you know from from yourself, we we get to play around with a lot of we we get to play around with a lot of. We we get to play around with a lot of new stuff. new stuff. new stuff.  sure do.  sure do.  sure do.  And and a lot of time just for the  And and a lot of time just for the.  And and a lot of time just for the convenience of it. I think I think. Convenience of it. I think I think convenience of it. I think I think this this could be a great way for me to. This this could be a great way for me to this this could be a great way for me to. To test out some new features in in to test out some new features in in to test out some new features in in. Smart contracts and when we try to roll smart contracts and when we try to roll smart contracts and when we try to roll. Out when we roll out something new. And out when we roll out something new. And out when we roll out something new. And. I like to be testing things early on, I like to be testing things early on, I like to be testing things early on,. But I don't necessarily want to build a but I don't necessarily want to build a but I don't necessarily want to build a. Whole DAP around it. So So I think I whole DAP around it. So So I think I whole DAP around it. So So I think I. Think this this has some some great think this this has some some great think this this has some some great. Opportunities for both people playing opportunities for both people playing opportunities for both people playing. Around who's experimenting, but also around who's experimenting, but also around who's experimenting, but also. Building the DAPs because they can drop building the DAPs because they can drop building the DAPs because they can drop. In the their the components in in their in the their the components in in their in the their the components in in their. In their Next.js or their React in their Next.js or their React in their Next.js or their React. Application. Application. Application.  Yeah, absolutely.  Yeah, absolutely.  Yeah, absolutely. then there's a question does it then there's a question does it then there's a question does it. Support the new release of React which support the new release of React which support the new release of React which. Includes a compiler demonstrated a few includes a compiler demonstrated a few includes a compiler demonstrated a few. Days ago at the React Summit. Days ago at the React Summit. Days ago at the React Summit. Let me see. I think as of right now Let me see. I think as of right now Let me see. I think as of right now. We might be using React 19. So probably we might be using React 19. So probably we might be using React 19. So probably. Close. I'd have to double check if we close. I'd have to double check if we close. I'd have to double check if we. Can actually get to using React can actually get to using React can actually get to using React. Compiler. But yeah, I'd be interested compiler. But yeah, I'd be interested. Compiler. But yeah, I'd be interested to try and see if that does work. I know. To try and see if that does work. I know to try and see if that does work. I know. That's still pretty new. That's still pretty new. That's still pretty new.  Yeah. Great. Any other questions?  Yeah. Great. Any other questions?  Yeah. Great. Any other questions? In the meanwhile, I will say you In the meanwhile, I will say you In the meanwhile, I will say you. Mentioned relay relay. I think we are mentioned relay relay. I think we are. Mentioned relay relay. I think we are going to do a presentation about that . Going to do a presentation about that going to do a presentation about that . In about two weeks. I think it's in about two weeks. I think it's in about two weeks. I think it's.  Oh, excellent.  Oh, excellent.  Oh, excellent.  I don't think it's on next Thursday, but  I don't think it's on next Thursday, but.  I don't think it's on next Thursday, but I think it's in two weeks if I remember. I think it's in two weeks if I remember I think it's in two weeks if I remember correctly. But we are definitely going. Correctly. But we are definitely going correctly. But we are definitely going to do a a. To do a a to do a a developer meeting around the relay and developer meeting around the relay and. Developer meeting around the relay and have a demonstration of that. So, I'm have a demonstration of that. So, I'm. Have a demonstration of that. So, I'm looking forward to that as well. Looking forward to that as well. Looking forward to that as well.  Yeah, don't miss that. That's that stuff  Yeah, don't miss that. That's that stuff.  Yeah, don't miss that. That's that stuff is pretty sweet, very helpful. Is pretty sweet, very helpful. Is pretty sweet, very helpful.  Okay, can you maybe just talk a little  Okay, can you maybe just talk a little.  Okay, can you maybe just talk a little bit about what Relay is? Bit about what Relay is? Bit about what Relay is?  Yeah, it's essentially like a it's  Yeah, it's essentially like a it's.  Yeah, it's essentially like a it's like a Rust backend. So, it's written in. Like a Rust backend. So, it's written in like a Rust backend. So, it's written in. Rust. It's very nice, fast, it's Rust. It's very nice, fast, it's Rust. It's very nice, fast, it's. Efficient, and it's very easy to set efficient, and it's very easy to set efficient, and it's very easy to set. Up in my opinion. you basically clone up in my opinion. you basically clone. Up in my opinion. you basically clone the repo. there's like a build the repo. there's like a build. The repo. there's like a build command or a setup command you run and command or a setup command you run and. Command or a setup command you run and it creates like a single binary which it creates like a single binary which. It creates like a single binary which you can run you know in most you can run you know in most. You can run you know in most environments and it'll basically create environments and it'll basically create. Environments and it'll basically create like a API interface for you know like a API interface for you know. Like a API interface for you know smart contract interactions. So you can smart contract interactions. So you can. Smart contract interactions. So you can basically set up accounts or re basically set up accounts or re. Basically set up accounts or re they're called relayers and they can they're called relayers and they can. They're called relayers and they can maybe have different addresses maybe have different addresses. Maybe have different addresses different permissions different you can different permissions different you can. Different permissions different you can load them up with different balances load them up with different balances. Load them up with different balances etc. And so from there you can kind of etc. And so from there you can kind of. Etc. And so from there you can kind of make permissioned or spec particularly make permissioned or spec particularly. Make permissioned or spec particularly granted access for part particular tasks granted access for part particular tasks. Granted access for part particular tasks you know and so there's a lot you can. You know and so there's a lot you can you know and so there's a lot you can. Do with it. I think a lot of the people do with it. I think a lot of the people do with it. I think a lot of the people. Have used them for like gasless have used them for like gasless have used them for like gasless. Transactions. You can send an API transactions. You can send an API transactions. You can send an API. Request asking to do something. The request asking to do something. The request asking to do something. The. Relayer will take care of it and then relayer will take care of it and then relayer will take care of it and then. You know on your actual user interface you know on your actual user interface you know on your actual user interface. App you never had to have a user pay for app you never had to have a user pay for. App you never had to have a user pay for gas or things like that. , but yeah, gas or things like that. , but yeah,. Gas or things like that. , but yeah, it can really build a lot of that. And I it can really build a lot of that. And I. It can really build a lot of that. And I think there's also when you use them think there's also when you use them. Think there's also when you use them with monitors, that's the other half of with monitors, that's the other half of. With monitors, that's the other half of the equation there. , monitors allow the equation there. , monitors allow. The equation there. , monitors allow you to listen to smart contract events you to listen to smart contract events. You to listen to smart contract events or functions or anything happening. You or functions or anything happening. You. Or functions or anything happening. You they're very flexible and the really they're very flexible and the really. They're very flexible and the really power comes in is like you can monitor power comes in is like you can monitor. Power comes in is like you can monitor one thing on your contract and then as a one thing on your contract and then as a. One thing on your contract and then as a reaction use something on your relayer. Reaction use something on your relayer. Reaction use something on your relayer. , you know, so that could be something , you know, so that could be something. , you know, so that could be something like, , if somebody withdraws way too like, , if somebody withdraws way too. Like, , if somebody withdraws way too much out of a contract or is an alarming much out of a contract or is an alarming. Much out of a contract or is an alarming amount of money, you can maybe pause the. Amount of money, you can maybe pause the amount of money, you can maybe pause the. Contract or you can stop certain things, contract or you can stop certain things,. Contract or you can stop certain things, you can react to things. It's kind of you can react to things. It's kind of. You can react to things. It's kind of built as both a security setup as well built as both a security setup as well. Built as both a security setup as well as, you know, just a ease of life setup as, you know, just a ease of life setup. As, you know, just a ease of life setup to, you know, for building apps and to, you know, for building apps and. To, you know, for building apps and stuff. Stuff. Stuff.  Okay, great. It doesn't seem like we  Okay, great. It doesn't seem like we.  Okay, great. It doesn't seem like we have we have any more questions. So,. Have we have any more questions. So, have we have any more questions. So, I would just thank you for for the demo. I would just thank you for for the demo I would just thank you for for the demo for the demo. It was super interesting. For the demo. It was super interesting for the demo. It was super interesting to see how easy it is to set up a front. To see how easy it is to set up a front to see how easy it is to set up a front end and create front-end components for. End and create front-end components for end and create front-end components for for a smart contract. For a smart contract. For a smart contract.  I It's kind of tooling where it's it's  I It's kind of tooling where it's it's.  I It's kind of tooling where it's it's it's it's making life a lot easier. it's it's making life a lot easier. it's it's making life a lot easier. You get something up and running You get something up and running You get something up and running. Quicker. And one of the things that I quicker. And one of the things that I quicker. And one of the things that I. Always love about using tooling like always love about using tooling like always love about using tooling like. This is that it's gone through a lot of this is that it's gone through a lot of this is that it's gone through a lot of. Testing. It's gone typically it's gone testing. It's gone typically it's gone testing. It's gone typically it's gone. Through some auditing as well. So, so through some auditing as well. So, so through some auditing as well. So, so. You get a really really solid you get a really really solid you get a really really solid . Starting point for for your project starting point for for your project starting point for for your project . Instead of trying to build everything instead of trying to build everything instead of trying to build everything. Yourself. So, thank you so much and yourself. So, thank you so much and yourself. So, thank you so much and . Yeah, we'll be back next week with with yeah, we'll be back next week with with yeah, we'll be back next week with with. Another great demo. and just a another great demo. and just a another great demo. and just a. Reminder for everyone joining here at reminder for everyone joining here at. Reminder for everyone joining here at 1:30 p.m. Pacific, we have a protocol. 1:30 p.m. Pacific, we have a protocol 1:30 p.m. Pacific, we have a protocol. Meeting on Discord. So, see you all meeting on Discord. So, see you all meeting on Discord. So, see you all. There and thank you again, Steve. There and thank you again, Steve. There and thank you again, Steve.  Thank you, Kristen. Yeah, it's great to  Thank you, Kristen. Yeah, it's great to.  Thank you, Kristen. Yeah, it's great to be here. Be here. Be here.  See you.  See you.  See you.  Bye.
