Hello and welcome everyone to this Hello and welcome everyone to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting. . Week's Stellar Developer Meeting. week's Stellar Developer Meeting. today in the studio I have Vivo from. Today in the studio I have Vivo from today in the studio I have Vivo from Halaps and he's going to give a super. Halaps and he's going to give a super Halaps and he's going to give a super exciting demo of the pro current. Exciting demo of the pro current exciting demo of the pro current progress of the scaffold Stellar. So. Progress of the scaffold Stellar. So progress of the scaffold Stellar. So please introduce yourself and yeah give. Please introduce yourself and yeah give please introduce yourself and yeah give us a little bit of just a small. Us a little bit of just a small us a little bit of just a small introduction to what is scaffold stella. Introduction to what is scaffold Stellar introduction to what is scaffold Stellar to those who have not played around. To those who have not played around to those who have not played around with it yet or haven't heard a lot about. With it yet or haven't heard a lot about with it yet or haven't heard a lot about. It. So yeah it. So yeah it. So yeah  awesome. Yeah thanks so much Carson. So.  awesome. Yeah thanks so much Carson. So  awesome. Yeah thanks so much Carson. So. Hey guys I'm Fifo I'm work at a labs. Hey guys I'm Fifo I'm work at a labs. Hey guys I'm Fifo I'm work at a labs. I'm a principal engineer there and I'll I'm a principal engineer there and I'll I'm a principal engineer there and I'll. Be presenting the scaffold Stellar. be presenting the scaffold Stellar. be presenting the scaffold Stellar. . For those that don't know about it, it's for those that don't know about it, it's. For those that don't know about it, it's basically it it includes a CLI and a basically it it includes a CLI and a. Basically it it includes a CLI and a base project in which you can start base project in which you can start. Base project in which you can start developing on Stellar and Soroban in a developing on Stellar and Soroban in a. Developing on Stellar and Soroban in a very easy way. You can think of it as an very easy way. You can think of it as an. Very easy way. You can think of it as an all-in-one repo and a lot of very all-in-one repo and a lot of very. All-in-one repo and a lot of very helpful tooling around it for you to to helpful tooling around it for you to to. Helpful tooling around it for you to to build your contracts, deploy, test it, build your contracts, deploy, test it,. Build your contracts, deploy, test it, have your own environment configuring have your own environment configuring. Have your own environment configuring the way they best suit your application the way they best suit your application. The way they best suit your application and really move fast at these initial and really move fast at these initial. And really move fast at these initial process and the whole the whole process and the whole the whole. Process and the whole the whole development cycle. So, I'm very excited development cycle. So, I'm very excited. Development cycle. So, I'm very excited to share this with you guys. To share this with you guys. To share this with you guys.  Yeah. And when when I heard about the  Yeah. And when when I heard about the.  Yeah. And when when I heard about the project for the first time, I thought. Project for the first time, I thought project for the first time, I thought this is a great way if you're new to. This is a great way if you're new to this is a great way if you're new to Stellar, great way to get started. It. Stellar, great way to get started. It Stellar, great way to get started. It has a lot of cool plugins. But as as I. Has a lot of cool plugins. But as as I has a lot of cool plugins. But as as I dig deeper into it, even as a more. Dig deeper into it, even as a more dig deeper into it, even as a more experienced developer, I actually see a. Experienced developer, I actually see a experienced developer, I actually see a lot of benefits from from using this to. Lot of benefits from from using this to lot of benefits from from using this to kind of bootstrap my my application if I. Kind of bootstrap my my application if I kind of bootstrap my my application if I. Want to try something new or build want to try something new or build want to try something new or build. Something where I don't want to spend a something where I don't want to spend a something where I don't want to spend a. Lot of time on setting up my environment lot of time on setting up my environment. Lot of time on setting up my environment and do do basic stuff. So this and do do basic stuff. So this. And do do basic stuff. So this especially I think some of the open especially I think some of the open. Especially I think some of the open sllin integrations are super exciting as sllin integrations are super exciting as. Sllin integrations are super exciting as well. So so I the more I look into it well. So so I the more I look into it. Well. So so I the more I look into it the more I think this this is not only the more I think this this is not only. The more I think this this is not only cool for new developers actually also cool for new developers actually also. Cool for new developers actually also more experienced developers who just more experienced developers who just. More experienced developers who just want to get going and build something want to get going and build something . Want to get going and build something without spending a lot of time on on without spending a lot of time on on. Without spending a lot of time on on setting up their environment. Setting up their environment. Setting up their environment.  Exactly. I think you said it all and  Exactly. I think you said it all and.  Exactly. I think you said it all and it's what I think it's great about it is. It's what I think it's great about it is it's what I think it's great about it is. That it helps not just new developers that it helps not just new developers that it helps not just new developers. That are coming to the ecosystem and that are coming to the ecosystem and that are coming to the ecosystem and. Don't really know Stellar that well. So don't really know Stellar that well. So don't really know Stellar that well. So. They might have like those common they might have like those common they might have like those common. Initial hurdles when starting projects initial hurdles when starting projects initial hurdles when starting projects. And and start playing around but it also and and start playing around but it also. And and start playing around but it also helps like seasoned developers that know. Helps like seasoned developers that know helps like seasoned developers that know. The ecosystem because you can really the ecosystem because you can really the ecosystem because you can really. Customize stuff around to make like work customize stuff around to make like work. Customize stuff around to make like work in the way you feel more comfortable and. In the way you feel more comfortable and in the way you feel more comfortable and. Can really move fast and try things can really move fast and try things can really move fast and try things. Really fast. So I love it. I've been really fast. So I love it. I've been really fast. So I love it. I've been. Working ser for for for some time and working ser for for for some time and working ser for for for some time and. I've missed this kind of tool in the I've missed this kind of tool in the I've missed this kind of tool in the. Past. Past. Past.  Yeah. And that's that's one of the  Yeah. And that's that's one of the.  Yeah. And that's that's one of the things that I really like about it things that I really like about it. Things that I really like about it because all of you guys who are working because all of you guys who are working. Because all of you guys who are working on this building this you're very you're on this building this you're very you're. On this building this you're very you're very experienced on on the Stellar very experienced on on the Stella. Very experienced on on the Stellar platform and and you make things very platform and and you make things very. Platform and and you make things very customizable customizable so you can set customizable customizable so you can set. Customizable customizable so you can set it up and you can customize your it up and you can customize your. It up and you can customize your settings your features what you want to settings your features what you want to. Settings your features what you want to include. So so it's it's nice to see include. So so it's it's nice to see. Include. So so it's it's nice to see that more experienced developer approach that more experienced developer approach. That more experienced developer approach to it as well. but you don't have to to it as well. but you don't have to. To it as well. but you don't have to set up a lot of stuff if you just want set up a lot of stuff if you just want. Set up a lot of stuff if you just want to get started and want to play with it to get started and want to play with it. To get started and want to play with it out of the box. But but let's out of the box. But but let's . Out of the box. But but let's let's get into it and and and see what let's get into it and and and see what. Let's get into it and and and see what what you guys have been working on. what you guys have been working on. what you guys have been working on.  Awesome. Awesome. Just double checking.  Awesome. Awesome. Just double checking.  Awesome. Awesome. Just double checking. Can you guys see my screen? Is Can you guys see my screen? Is Can you guys see my screen? Is. Everything okay? Everything okay? Everything okay?  Awesome. So sometime people's  Awesome. So sometime people's.  Awesome. So sometime people's complain that my my monitor has like big. Complain that my my monitor has like big complain that my my monitor has like big. Resolutions. If things are too small, resolutions. If things are too small, resolutions. If things are too small,. Just let me know. I can I can increase just let me know. I can I can increase just let me know. I can I can increase. It a little further. So I'll just start it a little further. So I'll just start it a little further. So I'll just start. With with the basic. Here you're seeing with with the basic. Here you're seeing with with the basic. Here you're seeing. The the link to Stellar CLI and I'll the the link to Stellar CLI and I'll the the link to Stellar CLI and I'll. Take these steps back and start from the take these steps back and start from the. Take these steps back and start from the very beginning. So if you're a new very beginning. So if you're a new. Very beginning. So if you're a new developer coming to the ecosystem not developer coming to the ecosystem not. Developer coming to the ecosystem not sure if you heard it up it already but sure if you heard it up it already but. Sure if you heard it up it already but Stellar CLI it's a great tool everyone Stellar CLI it's a great tool everyone. Stellar CLI it's a great tool everyone should have it and it's the the starting should have it and it's the the starting. Should have it and it's the the starting point for what we're doing here. So I point for what we're doing here. So I. Point for what we're doing here. So I recommend you go here to to Stellar recommend you go here to to Stellar. Recommend you go here to to Stellar Stellar CLI get the CLI installed and Stellar CLI get the CLI installed and. Stellar CLI get the CLI installed and we'll start with it. So Stellar CLI has we'll start with it. So Stellar CLI has. We'll start with it. So Stellar CLI has a lot of very very exciting features. A lot of very very exciting features. A lot of very very exciting features. You can manage accounts. You can spin up You can manage accounts. You can spin up. You can manage accounts. You can spin up your own container with a local network. Your own container with a local network. Your own container with a local network. You can do a bunch of of really cool You can do a bunch of of really cool You can do a bunch of of really cool. Stuff. But the nice thing that just came stuff. But the nice thing that just came. Stuff. But the nice thing that just came in recently and a lot of people might in recently and a lot of people might. In recently and a lot of people might not have realized in in in past not have realized in in in past . Not have realized in in in past releases is that now we have plugins for releases is that now we have plugins for. Releases is that now we have plugins for the CLI. So if you have the CLI the CLI. So if you have the CLI. The CLI. So if you have the CLI installed and you just go ahead and hit installed and you just go ahead and hit. Installed and you just go ahead and hit Stellar Stellar space plugin and Stellar Stellar space plugin and. Stellar Stellar space plugin and let's call search, you'll be able to let's call search, you'll be able to. Let's call search, you'll be able to search for plugins that are are search for plugins that are are. Search for plugins that are are published in the ecosystem and that can published in the ecosystem and that can. Published in the ecosystem and that can be installed on the CLI. So the idea be installed on the CLI. So the idea. Be installed on the CLI. So the idea behind that is that different projects behind that is that different projects. Behind that is that different projects might have specific needs or might look might have specific needs or might look. Might have specific needs or might look for more personalized tooling for what for more personalized tooling for what. For more personalized tooling for what they're building and this way you can they're building and this way you can. They're building and this way you can really customize your experience around really customize your experience around. Really customize your experience around it. So what we're seeing here is it. So what we're seeing here is. It. So what we're seeing here is basically it went through repositories basically it went through repositories. Basically it went through repositories that have a specific tag it looks for. I that have a specific tag it looks for. I. That have a specific tag it looks for. I mean these were mean these were mean these were.  zoom in a little bit. It's it's a little  zoom in a little bit. It's it's a little.  zoom in a little bit. It's it's a little bit hard to see. Bit hard to see. Bit hard to see.  Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Is it better like  Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Is it better like.  Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Is it better like that? Like that it's huge my screen. That? Like that it's huge my screen. That? Like that it's huge my screen.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's now it's  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's now it's.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's now it's really good. It's very easy to see. Really good. It's very easy to see. Really good. It's very easy to see.  Awesome. Awesome. So basically it just  Awesome. Awesome. So basically it just.  Awesome. Awesome. So basically it just found for hits and it's looking on. Found for hits and it's looking on found for hits and it's looking on GitHub for a specific tag to indicate. GitHub for a specific tag to indicate GitHub for a specific tag to indicate this is a plug-in for the CLI and we can. This is a plug-in for the CLI and we can this is a plug-in for the CLI and we can. See a bunch of interesting stuff see a bunch of interesting stuff see a bunch of interesting stuff. Already. So there is the scaffold already. So there is the scaffold already. So there is the scaffold. Stellar it's in a repository called a Stellar it's in a repository called a Stellar it's in a repository called a. Lababscaffold Stellar there's also you lababscaffold Stellar there's also you lababscaffold Stellar there's also you. Can see the contract bindings there is can see the contract bindings there is can see the contract bindings there is. The open zeppelink upgrader so the cla the open zeppelink upgrader so the cla the open zeppelink upgrader so the cla. For for contracts and we should be for for contracts and we should be for for contracts and we should be. Seeing a lot of a lot more exciting seeing a lot of a lot more exciting seeing a lot of a lot more exciting. Stuff coming next so for this demo stuff coming next so for this demo stuff coming next so for this demo . We'll go with the scaffold Stellar I we'll go with the scaffold Stellar I we'll go with the scaffold Stellar I. Already have it installed I'll just open already have it installed I'll just open. Already have it installed I'll just open the repo here you can access github the repo here you can access github. The repo here you can access github and iabscaffoldstellar and iabscaffoldstellar. And iabscaffoldstellar and you can go through the instructions and you can go through the instructions. And you can go through the instructions here to It's very simple. Just cargo here to It's very simple. Just cargo. Here to It's very simple. Just cargo install and you have the CLI. I already install and you have the CLI. I already. Install and you have the CLI. I already have it here. So, it's probably just have it here. So, it's probably just. Have it here. So, it's probably just Yeah, there you go. I have P V P V P V P Yeah, there you go. I have P V P V P V P. Yeah, there you go. I have P V P V P V P V P V P V P V P V P V P V 005. we V P V P V P V P V P V P V 005. we. V P V P V P V P V P V P V 005. we also have the registry which is also have the registry which is. Also have the registry which is something really exciting but I won't be something really exciting but I won't be. Something really exciting but I won't be focusing too much on this on this on focusing too much on this on this on. Focusing too much on this on this on this demo in function of time. So, I this demo in function of time. So, I. This demo in function of time. So, I think we can have subsequent sessions think we can have subsequent sessions. Think we can have subsequent sessions just to go deeper into some of the just to go deeper into some of the. Just to go deeper into some of the features that won't be here. I'll try to features that won't be here. I'll try to. Features that won't be here. I'll try to focus more on initializing the the focus more on initializing the the. Focus more on initializing the the project and and playing around with it. Project and and playing around with it. Project and and playing around with it. So, I have it installed. Once you have So, I have it installed. Once you have So, I have it installed. Once you have. The plug-in installed, you can access the plug-in installed, you can access the plug-in installed, you can access. Those through the Stellar CLA directly. Those through the Stellar CLA directly. Those through the Stellar CLA directly. So I'll go with Stellar scaffold. Just So I'll go with Stellar scaffold. Just So I'll go with Stellar scaffold. Just. Hit h to see the help and you get a hit h to see the help and you get a hit h to see the help and you get a. Bunch of new commands with the this bunch of new commands with the this bunch of new commands with the this. Plug-in. So in it will allows you allow plug-in. So in it will allows you allow plug-in. So in it will allows you allow. You to start a new project from scratch you to start a new project from scratch you to start a new project from scratch. And it comes with this pretty exciting and it comes with this pretty exciting and it comes with this pretty exciting. Model repo that you can manage your model repo that you can manage your model repo that you can manage your. Contracts. You can build the contracts, contracts. You can build the contracts, contracts. You can build the contracts,. Generate the clients, have you have a generate the clients, have you have a generate the clients, have you have a. Front end that's ready to interact and front end that's ready to interact and front end that's ready to interact and. Integrate with these clients. So it's integrate with these clients. So it's integrate with these clients. So it's. Really neat. You have a build a build really neat. You have a build a build really neat. You have a build a build. Function that not just builds the function that not just builds the function that not just builds the. Contract but also runs certain routines contract but also runs certain routines contract but also runs certain routines. That I'll be showing afterwards that are that I'll be showing afterwards that are. That I'll be showing afterwards that are associated with the configuration you associated with the configuration you. Associated with the configuration you have in your environment. You have also have in your environment. You have also. Have in your environment. You have also the generate command which allows you to the generate command which allows you to. The generate command which allows you to generate new contracts. So these generate new contracts. So these. Generate new contracts. So these allow you to go through through the allow you to go through through the. Allow you to go through through the open Zeppelink examples and it can send open Zeppelink examples and it can send. Open Zeppelink examples and it can send you to the to the OpenZeppelin wizard you to the to the OpenZeppelin wizard. You to the to the OpenZeppelin wizard and there's a bunch of new stuff coming and there's a bunch of new stuff coming. And there's a bunch of new stuff coming in the future as well. you can in the future as well. you can. In the future as well. you can upgrade existing repositories for the upgrade existing repositories for the. Upgrade existing repositories for the scaffold turning into your your scaffold turning into your your. Scaffold turning into your your workspace into a scaffold project. workspace into a scaffold project. . Workspace into a scaffold project. there's the update just to update your there's the update just to update your. There's the update just to update your environments in in your in your working environments in in your in your working. Environments in in your in your working space and also watch which I'll be space and also watch which I'll be. Space and also watch which I'll be using a lot in this demo that builds using a lot in this demo that builds. Using a lot in this demo that builds everything and keep watching for changes everything and keep watching for changes. Everything and keep watching for changes on both sides. So both the contracts and. On both sides. So both the contracts and on both sides. So both the contracts and. Also the front end. So for this let's go also the front end. So for this let's go. Also the front end. So for this let's go ahead and and start new project. I'll ahead and and start new project. I'll. Ahead and and start new project. I'll just go with Stellar scaffold in it just go with Stellar scaffold in it. Just go with Stellar scaffold in it and let's call it demo 10. I think I and let's call it demo 10. I think I. And let's call it demo 10. I think I have a bunch of demos already in this have a bunch of demos already in this. Have a bunch of demos already in this folder because I was playing with this folder because I was playing with this. Folder because I was playing with this throughout these past few days. Let's throughout these past few days. Let's. Throughout these past few days. Let's just see. Yes, cd. I'll just open this just see. Yes, cd. I'll just open this. Just see. Yes, cd. I'll just open this new project. And you can see here that new project. And you can see here that. New project. And you can see here that it downloaded the repository from it downloaded the repository from. It downloaded the repository from scaffold Stellar front end. So if you scaffold Stellar front end. So if you. Scaffold Stellar front end. So if you want to have a look at these or even want to have a look at these or even. Want to have a look at these or even submit PRs if you find anything to submit PRs if you find anything to. Submit PRs if you find anything to improve feel free to do that. So I'll go improve feel free to do that. So I'll go. Improve feel free to do that. So I'll go ahead and see the demo. I'm in the in ahead and see the demo. I'm in the in. Ahead and see the demo. I'm in the in the folder and let me open it with VS the folder and let me open it with VS. The folder and let me open it with VS Code. So there's my VS Code. Let me just Code. So there's my VS Code. Let me just. Code. So there's my VS Code. Let me just position it here and really increase position it here and really increase. Position it here and really increase this so you guys can see what's going this so you guys can see what's going. This so you guys can see what's going on. So all right, starting in this new on. So all right, starting in this new. On. So all right, starting in this new repo. What do I have in here? What where repo. What do I have in here? What where. Repo. What do I have in here? What where is this structure? What am I seeing in is this structure? What am I seeing in. Is this structure? What am I seeing in this? So just a quick walk through what this? So just a quick walk through what. This? So just a quick walk through what you're seeing here on top you have a you're seeing here on top you have a. You're seeing here on top you have a folder for contracts and this is folder for contracts and this is. Folder for contracts and this is basically where your contracts are going basically where your contracts are going. Basically where your contracts are going to live. They are following this format to live. They are following this format. To live. They are following this format in which you have a directory for each f in which you have a directory for each f. In which you have a directory for each f for each contract you have the cargo for each contract you have the cargo. For each contract you have the cargo tommo source and out of the bat you can tommo source and out of the bat you can. Tommo source and out of the bat you can see we have three examples. this is see we have three examples. this is. See we have three examples. this is something that as is in this current something that as is in this current. Something that as is in this current format and also it's important to bring format and also it's important to bring. Format and also it's important to bring the disclaimer that everything here is a the disclaimer that everything here is a. The disclaimer that everything here is a work in progress. This is very recent. Work in progress. This is very recent. Work in progress. This is very recent. So if you see any bugs or anything that So if you see any bugs or anything that So if you see any bugs or anything that. We could be improved, feel free to to to we could be improved, feel free to to to. We could be improved, feel free to to to share your feedback. We appreciate and share your feedback. We appreciate and. Share your feedback. We appreciate and there's definitely a lot of stuff that there's definitely a lot of stuff that. There's definitely a lot of stuff that will be iterating and improving over the will be iterating and improving over the. Will be iterating and improving over the the new releases, the following the new releases, the following. The new releases, the following releases. So you see under contracts releases. So you see under contracts. Releases. So you see under contracts here, I have a funible token from the here, I have a funible token from the. Here, I have a funible token from the demos. I have a hello world example and demos. I have a hello world example and. Demos. I have a hello world example and I have the NFT innumerable which is also I have the NFT innumerable which is also. I have the NFT innumerable which is also different example of contract. So different example of contract. So. Different example of contract. So contracts is where your rust code contracts is where your rust code. Contracts is where your rust code exists. This is all a big workspace and exists. This is all a big workspace and. Exists. This is all a big workspace and you can see the the source code you can see the the source code. You can see the the source code directly. If you scroll a little bit, directly. If you scroll a little bit,. Directly. If you scroll a little bit, you see packages. Right now, this is you see packages. Right now, this is. You see packages. Right now, this is empty. So where is this packages folder? Empty. So where is this packages folder? Empty. So where is this packages folder? The idea is that as I'm building these The idea is that as I'm building these The idea is that as I'm building these. Contracts, we are automatically contracts, we are automatically contracts, we are automatically. Going through our configuration and going through our configuration and going through our configuration and. Deploying these contracts and generating deploying these contracts and generating. Deploying these contracts and generating the TypeScript binds. So we are creating. The TypeScript binds. So we are creating the TypeScript binds. So we are creating. clients for these in Typescript and clients for these in Typescript and clients for these in Typescript and. Putting those in this folder. So all the putting those in this folder. So all the. Putting those in this folder. So all the clients that are generated for the clients that are generated for the. Clients that are generated for the contracts will come to the package contracts will come to the package. Contracts will come to the package folder and that's where they're going to folder and that's where they're going to. Folder and that's where they're going to be accessed from. So if I go down below be accessed from. So if I go down below. Be accessed from. So if I go down below you'll see that we also have a front end you'll see that we also have a front end. You'll see that we also have a front end here. So this is a this is a ReactJS here. So this is a this is a ReactJS. Here. So this is a this is a ReactJS with TypeScript and D and here in this with TypeScript and D and here in this. With TypeScript and D and here in this front end basically it is a a very front end basically it is a a very . Front end basically it is a a very bare bones and simple front end to start bare bones and simple front end to start. Bare bones and simple front end to start playing with your contract. But it also playing with your contract. But it also. Playing with your contract. But it also includes some some interesting thing the includes some some interesting thing the. Includes some some interesting thing the bat. You're going to see it has some bat. You're going to see it has some. Bat. You're going to see it has some providers and some hooks that you can providers and some hooks that you can. Providers and some hooks that you can use in your application and you can see use in your application and you can see. Use in your application and you can see the actual implementation we have in the actual implementation we have in. The actual implementation we have in place to play around with those. you place to play around with those. you. Place to play around with those. you also have the contracts folder which for also have the contracts folder which for. Also have the contracts folder which for now it's empty but as soon as I start now it's empty but as soon as I start. Now it's empty but as soon as I start building the the contracts you see it's building the the contracts you see it's. Building the the contracts you see it's being populated with the clients for being populated with the clients for. Being populated with the clients for each contract and you have the debug each contract and you have the debug. Each contract and you have the debug folder which is this interesting folder which is this interesting. Folder which is this interesting contract explorer that is very similar contract explorer that is very similar. Contract explorer that is very similar to what we have in Stellar lab and I'll to what we have in Stellar lab and I'll. To what we have in Stellar lab and I'll get into more details in a second. So get into more details in a second. So. Get into more details in a second. So for now it's bare bones. We don't have for now it's bare bones. We don't have. For now it's bare bones. We don't have anything. So what can we do? What can we anything. So what can we do? What can we. Anything. So what can we do? What can we start doing with this? the first start doing with this? the first. Start doing with this? the first step, let me go ahead and just open the step, let me go ahead and just open the. Step, let me go ahead and just open the rhymi here. And it suggests us to start rhymi here. And it suggests us to start. Rhymi here. And it suggests us to start with this copying the amp. So I'll just with this copying the amp. So I'll just. With this copying the amp. So I'll just copy the example end. Now we have the copy the example end. Now we have the. Copy the example end. Now we have the end. And this is basically telling us end. And this is basically telling us. End. And this is basically telling us which environment are we using. This is which environment are we using. This is. Which environment are we using. This is where our front end is going to look where our front end is going to look. Where our front end is going to look when connecting to our RPC and to our when connecting to our RPC and to our. When connecting to our RPC and to our horizon. Oh, and I didn't mention what I horizon. Oh, and I didn't mention what I. Horizon. Oh, and I didn't mention what I actually Let me just show here because actually Let me just show here because. Actually Let me just show here because I'm so used to have this up and running. I'm so used to have this up and running. I'm so used to have this up and running. I'm already running my local image of I'm already running my local image of I'm already running my local image of. The the the quick start. So if you never the the the quick start. So if you never. The the the quick start. So if you never heard of it, if you don't you don't know. Heard of it, if you don't you don't know heard of it, if you don't you don't know. What it is, basically in the Stellar what it is, basically in the Stellar what it is, basically in the Stellar. CLI, you have a container. You can run CLI, you have a container. You can run CLI, you have a container. You can run. Stellar container start and you start Stellar container start and you start Stellar container start and you start. This container locally, a docker this container locally, a docker this container locally, a docker. Container with an image that has all container with an image that has all container with an image that has all. That you need to run Stellar locally. So that you need to run Stellar locally. So. That you need to run Stellar locally. So you have your own node running locally you have your own node running locally. You have your own node running locally from scratch pream pristine node from scratch pream pristine node. From scratch pream pristine node history. You have your own RPC. You have history. You have your own RPC. You have. History. You have your own RPC. You have your own horizon. You you have your your own horizon. You you have your. Your own horizon. You you have your friend bot. So it's really handy. friend bot. So it's really handy. . Friend bot. So it's really handy. right now I'll be using it to connect right now I'll be using it to connect. Right now I'll be using it to connect and deploying everything locally in my and deploying everything locally in my. And deploying everything locally in my environment. And just an example I environment. And just an example I. Environment. And just an example I was showing the the the commands from was showing the the the commands from. Was showing the the the commands from the from the scaffold CLI. So I'll just the from the scaffold CLI. So I'll just. The from the scaffold CLI. So I'll just to show you these relationship between to show you these relationship between. To show you these relationship between contracts and packages. I'll go ahead contracts and packages. I'll go ahead. Contracts and packages. I'll go ahead and just run a build so you can see how and just run a build so you can see how. And just run a build so you can see how it does. basically if I access it does. basically if I access. It does. basically if I access Stellar Stellar Stellar scaffold scaffold scaffold. Build let me just do the the help so build let me just do the the help so build let me just do the the help so. You can see all the options. So you can see all the options. So you can see all the options. So. Basically you can build for a specific basically you can build for a specific basically you can build for a specific. Amp and it's going to look for this amp and it's going to look for this amp and it's going to look for this. Stellar scaffold and which points to Stellar scaffold and which points to Stellar scaffold and which points to. Which environment you are building your which environment you are building your which environment you are building your. Contracts. I have mine already set contracts. I have mine already set contracts. I have mine already set. Here to development. So you can build here to development. So you can build here to development. So you can build. Your contracts for for different your contracts for for different your contracts for for different. Environments. And what these are doing environments. And what these are doing environments. And what these are doing. Is that they are also looking into this is that they are also looking into this is that they are also looking into this. File over here. This environment to this file over here. This environment to this. File over here. This environment to this is very important for this scaffold is very important for this scaffold. Is very important for this scaffold project because this defines how you're project because this defines how you're. Project because this defines how you're handling this environment. So I handling this environment. So I I. Handling this environment. So I suggest you all have a look and play suggest you all have a look and play. Suggest you all have a look and play around. There's a ton of comments here around. There's a ton of comments here. Around. There's a ton of comments here to guide you through this configuration. To guide you through this configuration. To guide you through this configuration. But in short summary, what you're seeing But in short summary, what you're seeing. But in short summary, what you're seeing is you have three main environments. You. Is you have three main environments. You is you have three main environments. You. See here we have a development see here we have a development see here we have a development. Environment with the configuration for environment with the configuration for environment with the configuration for. The RPC that we'll be using the the RPC that we'll be using the the RPC that we'll be using the. Passphrase setting up to run passphrase setting up to run passphrase setting up to run. Automatically. So when this flag is set automatically. So when this flag is set automatically. So when this flag is set. For example and I'm running npm rundev, for example and I'm running npm rundev, for example and I'm running npm rundev,. It's going to automatically start the it's going to automatically start the it's going to automatically start the. Container for me. So I don't have to do container for me. So I don't have to do container for me. So I don't have to do. That or in case I forget. I do this all that or in case I forget. I do this all that or in case I forget. I do this all. The time whenever I'm working on my the time whenever I'm working on my the time whenever I'm working on my. Projects. you also have some other projects. you also have some other projects. you also have some other. Configuration around the accounts. So configuration around the accounts. So configuration around the accounts. So. This is also very neat. I'll get to into this is also very neat. I'll get to into. This is also very neat. I'll get to into more details but important things here more details but important things here. More details but important things here is that you also have other is that you also have other. Is that you also have other environments. You have the staging environments. You have the staging. Environments. You have the staging environment. You have the production environment. You have the production. Environment. You have the production environment. So normally you would have environment. So normally you would have. Environment. So normally you would have development pointing to local. You would development pointing to local. You would. Development pointing to local. You would have staging pointing to test net or have staging pointing to test net or. Have staging pointing to test net or future net. And then you'd have future net. And then you'd have. Future net. And then you'd have production pointing to mainet. So I production pointing to mainet. So I. Production pointing to mainet. So I won't make any changes right now just to won't make any changes right now just to. Won't make any changes right now just to show you guys. If I run the command to show you guys. If I run the command to. Show you guys. If I run the command to scaff Stellar scaffold build with the scaff Stellar scaffold build with the. Scaff Stellar scaffold build with the flag build clients. Flag build clients. Flag build clients. there you go. It's it's starting there you go. It's it's starting there you go. It's it's starting. To run. You see that it's doing a lot of to run. You see that it's doing a lot of. To run. You see that it's doing a lot of stuff. Let me just break it down for stuff. Let me just break it down for. Stuff. Let me just break it down for you. So basically what it's going you. So basically what it's going. You. So basically what it's going through it's going through all my through it's going through all my. Through it's going through all my contracts building each one of those. As contracts building each one of those. As. Contracts building each one of those. As they're building the contracts they're they're building the contracts they're. They're building the contracts they're also looking at these environments to also looking at these environments to. Also looking at these environments to see what I have set up here. So see what I have set up here. So . See what I have set up here. So important pieces. So first thing you'll important pieces. So first thing you'll. Important pieces. So first thing you'll notice you have this development.ac notice you have this development.ac. Notice you have this development.ac accounts which defines which accounts accounts which defines which accounts. Accounts which defines which accounts are going to be used and by default you are going to be used and by default you. Are going to be used and by default you have this with an account called me and have this with an account called me and. Have this with an account called me and the full true. What does that mean? That the full true. What does that mean? That. The full true. What does that mean? That means that if you're familiar with the means that if you're familiar with the. Means that if you're familiar with the Stellar CLI you have the Stellar keys Stellar CLI you have the Stellar keys. Stellar CLI you have the Stellar keys which allow you to if I just hit ls here. Which allow you to if I just hit ls here which allow you to if I just hit ls here. I can you can see the keys I have. It I can you can see the keys I have. It I can you can see the keys I have. It. Allow you to manage key pairs directly allow you to manage key pairs directly allow you to manage key pairs directly. From the CLI. So you can create new key from the CLI. So you can create new key from the CLI. So you can create new key. Pairs, you can initialize these accounts pairs, you can initialize these accounts. Pairs, you can initialize these accounts and you can use these accounts to run and you can use these accounts to run. And you can use these accounts to run transactions directly through the CLI. Transactions directly through the CLI. Transactions directly through the CLI. So the nice thing here is that as you So the nice thing here is that as you So the nice thing here is that as you. Set these accounts here automatically set these accounts here automatically set these accounts here automatically. Doing the build, it's going to identify doing the build, it's going to identify doing the build, it's going to identify. If I have an account called me or not. If I have an account called me or not. If I have an account called me or not. And in case I don't, it's going to And in case I don't, it's going to And in case I don't, it's going to. Create this account and initialize it create this account and initialize it create this account and initialize it. For me. And with the default equals true for me. And with the default equals true. For me. And with the default equals true flag, it is going to use this account to. Flag, it is going to use this account to flag, it is going to use this account to. Deploy the contracts as the source of deploy the contracts as the source of deploy the contracts as the source of. The transactions. So for example, if you the transactions. So for example, if you. The transactions. So for example, if you are spinning up a bunch of contracts are spinning up a bunch of contracts. Are spinning up a bunch of contracts which have the same admin, you could set which have the same admin, you could set. Which have the same admin, you could set up this as the admin account and have up this as the admin account and have. Up this as the admin account and have the admin deploy all the contracts. the admin deploy all the contracts. . The admin deploy all the contracts. down below you have here also the down below you have here also the. Down below you have here also the development contracts which specifies development contracts which specifies. Development contracts which specifies which contracts the build command should which contracts the build command should. Which contracts the build command should should build for these should build for these . should build for these environments. So here for example it environments. So here for example it. Environments. So here for example it comes out of the bat already comes out of the bat already. Comes out of the bat already preconfigured with the contracts we have preconfigured with the contracts we have. Preconfigured with the contracts we have here as examples. So you have the hello here as examples. So you have the hello. Here as examples. So you have the hello world and this inline syntax saying world and this inline syntax saying. World and this inline syntax saying that I want to generate the client for that I want to generate the client for. That I want to generate the client for it. So basically the hello world down it. So basically the hello world down. It. So basically the hello world down below we have the funible token which below we have the funible token which. Below we have the funible token which also is generating the clients but you also is generating the clients but you. Also is generating the clients but you can see down below it has something can see down below it has something. Can see down below it has something else. You can already set the else. You can already set the. Else. You can already set the constructor args directly into this constructor args directly into this. Constructor args directly into this format and you can use the accounts that format and you can use the accounts that. Format and you can use the accounts that are specified on top to be used are specified on top to be used. Are specified on top to be used parameters as arguments. So here it's parameters as arguments. So here it's. Parameters as arguments. So here it's already invoking the constructor already invoking the constructor. Already invoking the constructor arguments sorry the constructor function arguments sorry the constructor function. Arguments sorry the constructor function for my funible token setting the owner for my funible token setting the owner. For my funible token setting the owner as the MI account and an initial supply as the MI account and an initial supply. As the MI account and an initial supply and the same thing for the NFT contract and the same thing for the NFT contract. And the same thing for the NFT contract as well. It's set in the owner and you as well. It's set in the owner and you. As well. It's set in the owner and you can also play around with these because can also play around with these because. Can also play around with these because you can add post initialization you can add post initialization. You can add post initialization commands. So you can have for example commands. So you can have for example. Commands. So you can have for example this after deploy and you can chain new this after deploy and you can chain new. This after deploy and you can chain new commands after everything is deployed if commands after everything is deployed if. Commands after everything is deployed if you want to run a specific you want to run a specific. You want to run a specific configuration. So let's say that after configuration. So let's say that after. Configuration. So let's say that after deploying everything and initializing deploying everything and initializing. Deploying everything and initializing the contract you already want out of the the contract you already want out of the. The contract you already want out of the bat to mint some units to send to some bat to mint some units to send to some. Bat to mint some units to send to some accounts to send around some tokens. So accounts to send around some tokens. So. Accounts to send around some tokens. So you can do that very easily. So you see you can do that very easily. So you see. You can do that very easily. So you see a lot of stuff ran here. Actually I a lot of stuff ran here. Actually I. A lot of stuff ran here. Actually I ended up jumping a few steps. So we ended up jumping a few steps. So we. Ended up jumping a few steps. So we just have the the the contracts and the just have the the the contracts and the. Just have the the the contracts and the packages and you can see those were packages and you can see those were. Packages and you can see those were generated based on the contracts we have generated based on the contracts we have. Generated based on the contracts we have specified here. So all of the TypeScript. Specified here. So all of the TypeScript specified here. So all of the TypeScript. Packages and this also filled in the packages and this also filled in the packages and this also filled in the. Contracts for my front end. So we can contracts for my front end. So we can contracts for my front end. So we can. Start playing with this front end. All start playing with this front end. All start playing with this front end. All. Right. So let's let's get back to right. So let's let's get back to right. So let's let's get back to. Repository. I just initialized this repository. I just initialized this repository. I just initialized this. Project. What are the steps that I need project. What are the steps that I need project. What are the steps that I need. To do as a fresh project? So we just to do as a fresh project? So we just to do as a fresh project? So we just. Copied the MV. Now what we need to do, copied the MV. Now what we need to do, copied the MV. Now what we need to do,. We need to install the dependencies we need to install the dependencies we need to install the dependencies. Because we have a bunch of of because we have a bunch of of because we have a bunch of of . Dependencies that we are going to need dependencies that we are going to need dependencies that we are going to need. For example to run the concurrency and for example to run the concurrency and for example to run the concurrency and. So on. So npmi just run the so on. So npmi just run the so on. So npmi just run the. Installation. Wait a little bit. Installation. Wait a little bit. Installation. Wait a little bit. Let's just close this other one for a Let's just close this other one for a Let's just close this other one for a. Second. Okay, everything's installed. Second. Okay, everything's installed. Second. Okay, everything's installed. What is the next step? npm rundev. So as What is the next step? npm rundev. So as. What is the next step? npm rundev. So as you run npm rundev, you see a lot of you run npm rundev, you see a lot of. You run npm rundev, you see a lot of things going on here. And this is where things going on here. And this is where. Things going on here. And this is where I think the magic lies. So, and yeah, I think the magic lies. So, and yeah,. I think the magic lies. So, and yeah, run that. And a lot of stuff is running. Run that. And a lot of stuff is running. Run that. And a lot of stuff is running. I'll just go back and show you as it's I'll just go back and show you as it's I'll just go back and show you as it's. Scrolling down. So, you see that out of scrolling down. So, you see that out of scrolling down. So, you see that out of. The bat, it starts concurrently two the bat, it starts concurrently two the bat, it starts concurrently two. Commands. It starts Stellar scaffold commands. It starts Stellar scaffold commands. It starts Stellar scaffold. Watch with the build client flag and watch with the build client flag and watch with the build client flag and. Also vit. So, these go two are running also vit. So, these go two are running also vit. So, these go two are running. In separate process. You can see right in separate process. You can see right in separate process. You can see right. Away that vit's running here on number away that vit's running here on number away that vit's running here on number. One and on number zero. You can see the one and on number zero. You can see the one and on number zero. You can see the. Whole building the building whole building the building whole building the building . Commands that I that I showed before. So commands that I that I showed before. So. Commands that I that I showed before. So I'll go ahead and click here to open the. I'll go ahead and click here to open the I'll go ahead and click here to open the. Front end. It's already there. And let front end. It's already there. And let front end. It's already there. And let. Me just see if it finished building me just see if it finished building me just see if it finished building. Everything we had already built. So it's everything we had already built. So it's. Everything we had already built. So it's basically just repeated everything. But basically just repeated everything. But. Basically just repeated everything. But there we go. We have our front end. All there we go. We have our front end. All. There we go. We have our front end. All right. It's a very simple one. it right. It's a very simple one. it. Right. It's a very simple one. it starts with some instructions telling starts with some instructions telling. Starts with some instructions telling you what you can do and how you can do. You what you can do and how you can do. You what you can do and how you can do. But let me just break it down what But let me just break it down what But let me just break it down what. You're seeing here in your interface. You're seeing here in your interface. You're seeing here in your interface. Back. first thing you notice it came back. first thing you notice it came back. first thing you notice it came. Automatically connected to my account. Automatically connected to my account. Automatically connected to my account. Why is that FIFO? Well, that's mainly Why is that FIFO? Well, that's mainly Why is that FIFO? Well, that's mainly. Because I have been using this already because I have been using this already because I have been using this already. And we we we have some account and we we we have some account and we we we have some account. Management logic here that stores management logic here that stores management logic here that stores. Locally in the local storage the account locally in the local storage the account. Locally in the local storage the account that is last connected. So once you come. That is last connected. So once you come that is last connected. So once you come. Back it's going to identify it has been back it's going to identify it has been back it's going to identify it has been. Connected and just reused that one. But connected and just reused that one. But connected and just reused that one. But. I can just come on top here and switch I can just come on top here and switch I can just come on top here and switch. Accounts like or I can come here click accounts like or I can come here click accounts like or I can come here click. On something. There you go. Click and on something. There you go. Click and. On something. There you go. Click and disconnect if you want to see what is disconnect if you want to see what is. Disconnect if you want to see what is the the fresh start for the first time the the fresh start for the first time. The the fresh start for the first time you access. what is important to note you access. what is important to note. You access. what is important to note here here I'm using freighter and if here here I'm using freighter and if. Here here I'm using freighter and if you're using freighter you should set it you're using freighter you should set it. You're using freighter you should set it to a custom network because I'm using to a custom network because I'm using. To a custom network because I'm using the local one. So if you never done that the local one. So if you never done that. The local one. So if you never done that in the past you go to settings navigate in the past you go to settings navigate. In the past you go to settings navigate to network and you can set here a custom to network and you can set here a custom. To network and you can set here a custom network. If you're running on test net network. If you're running on test net. Network. If you're running on test net or mainet you're good to go because you or mainet you're good to go because you. Or mainet you're good to go because you can simply select the networks that can simply select the networks that. Can simply select the networks that you're running. But in case of a custom you're running. But in case of a custom. You're running. But in case of a custom one, you just need to input the same one, you just need to input the same. One, you just need to input the same parameters we have in the end. So what parameters we have in the end. So what. Parameters we have in the end. So what is your RPC URL? What is your horizon is your RPC URL? What is your horizon. Is your RPC URL? What is your horizon URL? What is the passphrase and allow URL? What is the passphrase and allow. URL? What is the passphrase and allow for HTTP connections? there is for HTTP connections? there is. For HTTP connections? there is something on my my my local environment something on my my my local environment. Something on my my my local environment here and I'm still trying to figure out here and I'm still trying to figure out. Here and I'm still trying to figure out what is going on. But sometimes it what is going on. But sometimes it. What is going on. But sometimes it struggles with freighter and it doesn't struggles with freighter and it doesn't. Struggles with freighter and it doesn't show up the the proper balance. But I show up the the proper balance. But I. Show up the the proper balance. But I see it's something related specifically see it's something related specifically. See it's something related specifically to this to this environment I'm running. To this to this environment I'm running. To this to this environment I'm running. But it's it's going to work. Everything But it's it's going to work. Everything But it's it's going to work. Everything. Is fine. I'll be showing to you guys. Is fine. I'll be showing to you guys. Is fine. I'll be showing to you guys. So, if I click here on connect, you see So, if I click here on connect, you see So, if I click here on connect, you see. That we're using the Stellar wallet kit. That we're using the Stellar wallet kit. That we're using the Stellar wallet kit. This is a nice library we have in the This is a nice library we have in the This is a nice library we have in the. Ecosystem, which basically connects to ecosystem, which basically connects to ecosystem, which basically connects to. Several different wallets in the several different wallets in the several different wallets in the. Ecosystems and it's just one integration ecosystems and it's just one integration. Ecosystems and it's just one integration you make and you're good to go. So, here. You make and you're good to go. So, here you make and you're good to go. So, here. I have these two wallets installed I have these two wallets installed I have these two wallets installed. Here, but it supports way more wallets. Here, but it supports way more wallets. Here, but it supports way more wallets. I'll just go with Freder. And wait a I'll just go with Freder. And wait a I'll just go with Freder. And wait a. Second. Did I click it? Oh, something's second. Did I click it? Oh, something's second. Did I click it? Oh, something's. Going on. What happened? Oh, there you going on. What happened? Oh, there you going on. What happened? Oh, there you. Go. Not sure what happened. I think my go. Not sure what happened. I think my go. Not sure what happened. I think my. My my computer is frying because my my computer is frying because my my computer is frying because. Everything just slowed down. Oh my god. Everything just slowed down. Oh my god. Everything just slowed down. Oh my god. I'm not sure what's going on. Let me I'm not sure what's going on. Let me I'm not sure what's going on. Let me. Just double check if it's there's an just double check if it's there's an just double check if it's there's an. Issue here. Right is not available. Oh, issue here. Right is not available. Oh, issue here. Right is not available. Oh,. What is going on? Did my did my plugin what is going on? Did my did my plugin what is going on? Did my did my plugin. Just just die? Just just die? Just just die? Oh, what the hell happened here? Oh, what the hell happened here? Oh, what the hell happened here? Let me just Yeah, I should definitely Let me just Yeah, I should definitely Let me just Yeah, I should definitely. Open the tickets with Fred. Let me just open the tickets with Fred. Let me just open the tickets with Fred. Let me just. Try and kill everything from scratch. Oh, no. I kill everything from scratch. Oh, no. I. Can't do that. Otherwise, I'll be out of can't do that. Otherwise, I'll be out of. Can't do that. Otherwise, I'll be out of the session. Let me just try it again the session. Let me just try it again. The session. Let me just try it again once. , is there a way I can maybe once. , is there a way I can maybe. Once. , is there a way I can maybe restart the extension? Restart the extension? Restart the extension? , where is Can I just do this and , where is Can I just do this and , where is Can I just do this and. Bring it back? Bring it back? Bring it back? Let me see. Oh, there you go. It's popping me for Oh, there you go. It's popping me for my password. Is this correct? There you. My password. Is this correct? There you my password. Is this correct? There you go. Okay, I think it's going on now. Not. Go. Okay, I think it's going on now. Not go. Okay, I think it's going on now. Not. Sure what's going on. I'll definitely sure what's going on. I'll definitely sure what's going on. I'll definitely. Open a ticket for for the demo gods open a ticket for for the demo gods open a ticket for for the demo gods. Blessing us. Blessing us. Blessing us. Okay, so I connected my freighter Okay, so I connected my freighter Okay, so I connected my freighter. Wallet. What you see here, it wallet. What you see here, it wallet. What you see here, it. Automatically brings the balance and we automatically brings the balance and we automatically brings the balance and we. Have this small indicator here in the have this small indicator here in the have this small indicator here in the. Top which checks what is the top which checks what is the top which checks what is the. Environment that you have set here in environment that you have set here in environment that you have set here in. Your local environment and it indicates your local environment and it indicates your local environment and it indicates. If you're connected to that or in case if you're connected to that or in case if you're connected to that or in case. You're not in case I'm connected to test you're not in case I'm connected to test. You're not in case I'm connected to test net for example in the wallet it's going. Net for example in the wallet it's going net for example in the wallet it's going. To to throw a different message and to to throw a different message and to to throw a different message and. Indicator just so you know that you're indicator just so you know that you're indicator just so you know that you're. Not in the intended environment because not in the intended environment because not in the intended environment because. We want these front ends to be built for we want these front ends to be built for. We want these front ends to be built for a specific environment. So here I'm a specific environment. So here I'm. A specific environment. So here I'm connected with my FIFO wallet and there connected with my FIFO wallet and there. Connected with my FIFO wallet and there you go. What can I do FIFO? What can you go. What can I do FIFO? What can. You go. What can I do FIFO? What can this front end do for me? What can I this front end do for me? What can I. This front end do for me? What can I what can I use this for? So the nice what can I use this for? So the nice. What can I use this for? So the nice thing starts once we click on this thing starts once we click on this. Thing starts once we click on this button over at the top. So if you're button over at the top. So if you're. Button over at the top. So if you're familiar with Stellar lab the familiar with Stellar lab the. Familiar with Stellar lab the laboratory. You have a functionality laboratory. You have a functionality. Laboratory. You have a functionality there called I think it's called there called I think it's called. There called I think it's called contract explorer as well that has the contract explorer as well that has the. Contract explorer as well that has the invoke contract tab. Basically what we invoke contract tab. Basically what we. Invoke contract tab. Basically what we did is that we ported a good part of did is that we ported a good part of. Did is that we ported a good part of that implementation over to here. And a that implementation over to here. And a. That implementation over to here. And a big shout out to to to to the team from big shout out to to to to the team from. Big shout out to to to to the team from from Stellar Lab that helped us through from Stellar Lab that helped us through. From Stellar Lab that helped us through the process. The process. The process. And what you're seeing here is that as I And what you're seeing here is that as I. And what you're seeing here is that as I open my front end, it automatically goes. Open my front end, it automatically goes open my front end, it automatically goes. Through my packages and the contracts I through my packages and the contracts I through my packages and the contracts I. Have here. They load the clients, they have here. They load the clients, they have here. They load the clients, they. Load the wasmas, they bring the whole load the wasmas, they bring the whole . Load the wasmas, they bring the whole spec for the client and show me this spec for the client and show me this. Spec for the client and show me this interface which allows me to directly interface which allows me to directly. Interface which allows me to directly interact with the contract in my local interact with the contract in my local. Interact with the contract in my local environment. So what you're seeing here environment. So what you're seeing here. Environment. So what you're seeing here are the three contracts I have here. I are the three contracts I have here. I. Are the three contracts I have here. I can simply click and switch which can simply click and switch which. Can simply click and switch which contract I'm interact with and I can contract I'm interact with and I can. Contract I'm interact with and I can start invoking transaction invoking start invoking transaction invoking. Start invoking transaction invoking functions from here. So I'll just go and functions from here. So I'll just go and. Functions from here. So I'll just go and and show some examples. Let's go through. And show some examples. Let's go through and show some examples. Let's go through. The hello world. And if we check the the hello world. And if we check the the hello world. And if we check the. Hello world contract, basically what it hello world contract, basically what it hello world contract, basically what it. Does is that it has this hello function does is that it has this hello function does is that it has this hello function. Which receives an argument for two and which receives an argument for two and which receives an argument for two and. Say hello hello to the two arguments. Say hello hello to the two arguments. Say hello hello to the two arguments. So I'll go ahead and just say fo and So I'll go ahead and just say fo and So I'll go ahead and just say fo and. Since I have my account connected I can since I have my account connected I can since I have my account connected I can. Both simulate or submit. I'll break both simulate or submit. I'll break both simulate or submit. I'll break. Those into details. So I'll start just those into details. So I'll start just those into details. So I'll start just. With simulate. If I click simulate it's with simulate. If I click simulate it's with simulate. If I click simulate it's. Basically running the simulation of the basically running the simulation of the basically running the simulation of the. Transaction. And you see some stuff transaction. And you see some stuff transaction. And you see some stuff. Already changed. So okay, what changed already changed. So okay, what changed already changed. So okay, what changed. Here? First thing is it is using my here? First thing is it is using my here? First thing is it is using my. Account that is connected here as the account that is connected here as the account that is connected here as the. Source account of the transaction and is source account of the transaction and is. Source account of the transaction and is simulating an invocation with the simulating an invocation with the. Simulating an invocation with the parameters that I'm putting here. you parameters that I'm putting here. you. Parameters that I'm putting here. you can see on top that it it showed this can see on top that it it showed this. Can see on top that it it showed this flag to indicate it is a read flag to indicate it is a read. Flag to indicate it is a read invocation. So that means that if I go invocation. So that means that if I go. Invocation. So that means that if I go ahead and submit this invocation to to ahead and submit this invocation to to. Ahead and submit this invocation to to the network and it is processed, there's the network and it is processed, there's. The network and it is processed, there's no change in state. We're not changing no change in state. We're not changing. No change in state. We're not changing any state of the contract. So there's no any state of the contract. So there's no. Any state of the contract. So there's no real reason to actually submit and pay real reason to actually submit and pay. Real reason to actually submit and pay for the fees. If we just want to fetch for the fees. If we just want to fetch. For the fees. If we just want to fetch some value or see some result, we can some value or see some result, we can. Some value or see some result, we can just simulate and see the result which just simulate and see the result which. Just simulate and see the result which is what we have down below. Here we have is what we have down below. Here we have. Is what we have down below. Here we have the response and the result of the the response and the result of the. The response and the result of the simulation. So it is a successful one simulation. So it is a successful one. Simulation. So it is a successful one and you can click here on show details and you can click here on show details. And you can click here on show details and you expand the whole view and you and you expand the whole view and you. And you expand the whole view and you have the entire response. So if you have the entire response. So if you. Have the entire response. So if you scroll down if you're familiar with scroll down if you're familiar with. Scroll down if you're familiar with this, you see that we have these results this, you see that we have these results. This, you see that we have these results object and here we can see the the object and here we can see the the. Object and here we can see the the return value. So it's saying hello FIFO return value. So it's saying hello FIFO. Return value. So it's saying hello FIFO with the parameter that I use. So if I with the parameter that I use. So if I. With the parameter that I use. So if I say something different like hello John say something different like hello John. Say something different like hello John I'll simulate again. Show the details. I'll simulate again. Show the details. I'll simulate again. Show the details. Go down below and there you go. Hello Go down below and there you go. Hello Go down below and there you go. Hello. John. Awesome. What else can you do? John. Awesome. What else can you do? John. Awesome. What else can you do? . Let's try a different thing. let's let's try a different thing. let's let's try a different thing. let's. For example let's switch here and for example let's switch here and for example let's switch here and. Make a new function and let's make some make a new function and let's make some make a new function and let's make some. Changes. Let's store a value. So, I changes. Let's store a value. So, I changes. Let's store a value. So, I. Think things start to get interesting as think things start to get interesting as. Think things start to get interesting as you start playing with your contracts you start playing with your contracts. You start playing with your contracts and and and change things around. So, and and and change things around. So,. And and and change things around. So, I'll just store let's say what can we I'll just store let's say what can we. I'll just store let's say what can we send here? Let's send an address. So, . Send here? Let's send an address. So, send here? Let's send an address. So, . Let's send an address let's send an address let's send an address and it's address we don't return. And it's address we don't return and it's address we don't return anything and we'll just store these in. Anything and we'll just store these in anything and we'll just store these in the in the storage. So just go ahead. M. The in the storage. So just go ahead. M the in the storage. So just go ahead. M do storage. Oh, there you go. Copilot. Do storage. Oh, there you go. Copilot. Do storage. Oh, there you go. Copilot. Let me just double check. Set. No, this Let me just double check. Set. No, this Let me just double check. Set. No, this. Is wrong. This is wrong. Damn it. Is wrong. This is wrong. Damn it. Is wrong. This is wrong. Damn it. Copilot. So storage instance. Let's use Copilot. So storage instance. Let's use Copilot. So storage instance. Let's use. Instance for now. Is I have cold hands. Instance for now. Is I have cold hands. Instance for now. Is I have cold hands. instance set. Okay. let's use a instance set. Okay. let's use a instance set. Okay. let's use a. Simple key. So single short. I think I simple key. So single short. I think I simple key. So single short. I think I. Might have to import this single short. Might have to import this single short. Might have to import this single short. Let's just call my key for now. And the Let's just call my key for now. And the Let's just call my key for now. And the. Value will be the address that we're value will be the address that we're value will be the address that we're. Sending. Sending. Sending. Okay, let me just save. Let's see. Where Okay, let me just save. Let's see. Where. Okay, let me just save. Let's see. Where am I? Oh, this should be There you am I? Oh, this should be There you. Am I? Oh, this should be There you go. Let me just save it again. I think go. Let me just save it again. I think. Go. Let me just save it again. I think this is good to go. Let's wait a little this is good to go. Let's wait a little. This is good to go. Let's wait a little bit. You see that as soon as I'm saving bit. You see that as soon as I'm saving. Bit. You see that as soon as I'm saving everything is running again. So, it's everything is running again. So, it's. Everything is running again. So, it's watching for changes in real time. And watching for changes in real time. And. Watching for changes in real time. And as it identifies that I changed the the as it identifies that I changed the the. As it identifies that I changed the the the the contract and it builds and it the the contract and it builds and it. The the contract and it builds and it notices that was different. Then it runs notices that was different. Then it runs. Notices that was different. Then it runs the whole routine. So it redeploys, the whole routine. So it redeploys,. The whole routine. So it redeploys, reinitializes. And this is very very reinitializes. And this is very very. Reinitializes. And this is very very powerful because it means that as I'm powerful because it means that as I'm. Powerful because it means that as I'm making changes, it's identifying when making changes, it's identifying when. Making changes, it's identifying when it's relevant and it redeploys. It it's relevant and it redeploys. It. It's relevant and it redeploys. It regenerates everything. And if you paid regenerates everything. And if you paid. Regenerates everything. And if you paid attention, you should have seen that the attention, you should have seen that the. Attention, you should have seen that the front end already updated here on the front end already updated here on the. Front end already updated here on the side. So I already have the starv side. So I already have the starv. Side. So I already have the starv showing up in here. So that's really showing up in here. So that's really. Showing up in here. So that's really neat because it means that as I'm making neat because it means that as I'm making. Neat because it means that as I'm making changes, I can already invoke from the changes, I can already invoke from the. Changes, I can already invoke from the front end. So the star val here allow me front end. So the star val here allow me. Front end. So the star val here allow me to send an address. So I'll just copy my. To send an address. So I'll just copy my to send an address. So I'll just copy my. On address from here. We should on address from here. We should on address from here. We should. Definitely add the copy button here. So definitely add the copy button here. So definitely add the copy button here. So. I'll just paste it here. I'll simulate. I'll just paste it here. I'll simulate. I'll just paste it here. I'll simulate. I see that I can send it. I can submit I see that I can send it. I can submit I see that I can send it. I can submit. This. But if you notice here on top now, this. But if you notice here on top now,. This. But if you notice here on top now, the badge is slightly different. Let me the badge is slightly different. Let me. The badge is slightly different. Let me close this. You see now it indicates close this. You see now it indicates. Close this. You see now it indicates it's a right invocation. So this means it's a right invocation. So this means. It's a right invocation. So this means that based on this simulation if I that based on this simulation if I. That based on this simulation if I submit this I'll be changing some submit this I'll be changing some. Submit this I'll be changing some value and storing some value in the value and storing some value in the. Value and storing some value in the contract. So I'll go ahead I'll click in contract. So I'll go ahead I'll click in. Contract. So I'll go ahead I'll click in submit and it's popping me up to sign. Submit and it's popping me up to sign. Submit and it's popping me up to sign. this is just because of the the issue this is just because of the the issue. this is just because of the the issue I mentioned here in my environment. It I mentioned here in my environment. It. I mentioned here in my environment. It sometimes don't know I have balance but sometimes don't know I have balance but. Sometimes don't know I have balance but there you go it was executed and here it there you go it was executed and here it. There you go it was executed and here it is. This is this oh damn it one password. Is. This is this oh damn it one password is. This is this oh damn it one password. It's going to be popping up. So what it's going to be popping up. So what it's going to be popping up. So what. You're seeing here is the result of the you're seeing here is the result of the you're seeing here is the result of the. Submission and this is is slightly submission and this is is slightly submission and this is is slightly. Different. So it has the same compact different. So it has the same compact different. So it has the same compact. Version but I can click on details and I version but I can click on details and I. Version but I can click on details and I can expand. Oh should I just close this? Can expand. Oh should I just close this? Can expand. Oh should I just close this? Can I just Yeah, let me just finish it. Can I just Yeah, let me just finish it. Can I just Yeah, let me just finish it. There you go. One password. So what There you go. One password. So what There you go. One password. So what. You're seeing here as the the summary you're seeing here as the the summary you're seeing here as the the summary. You have the hash of the transaction you have the hash of the transaction you have the hash of the transaction. Have the ledger number for when it was have the ledger number for when it was have the ledger number for when it was. Processed. you have the transaction processed. you have the transaction processed. you have the transaction. Envelope in XDR, but you can also click envelope in XDR, but you can also click envelope in XDR, but you can also click. Here and quickly switch to JSON and view here and quickly switch to JSON and view. Here and quickly switch to JSON and view the the JSON version of this object. The the JSON version of this object. The the JSON version of this object. The same thing for the result. You can The same thing for the result. You can The same thing for the result. You can. Convert it to JSON and so on. So, this convert it to JSON and so on. So, this convert it to JSON and so on. So, this. Is really nice. Okay. Oh, did it just is really nice. Okay. Oh, did it just is really nice. Okay. Oh, did it just. Reopen? That's awful. Okay. Oh, it's reopen? That's awful. Okay. Oh, it's reopen? That's awful. Okay. Oh, it's. Because of this one. Let me just how because of this one. Let me just how because of this one. Let me just how. Can I can I just disable it? Let me just can I can I just disable it? Let me just. Can I can I just disable it? Let me just go to the extensions real quick and go to the extensions real quick and. Go to the extensions real quick and disable this guy so it doesn't pop up on disable this guy so it doesn't pop up on. Disable this guy so it doesn't pop up on our face. Okay, I was talking about the our face. Okay, I was talking about the. Our face. Okay, I was talking about the submission. So, I just submitted made a submission. So, I just submitted made a. Submission. So, I just submitted made a change. What else is important to change. What else is important to. Change. What else is important to highlight here as you're playing with highlight here as you're playing with. Highlight here as you're playing with these contracts and and you might have these contracts and and you might have. These contracts and and you might have noticed already all of the functions are noticed already all of the functions are. Noticed already all of the functions are loaded here with their specific loaded here with their specific. Loaded here with their specific arguments and the specific types that arguments and the specific types that. Arguments and the specific types that these arguments are in. So for example, these arguments are in. So for example,. These arguments are in. So for example, if you're looking here to the hello, it if you're looking here to the hello, it. If you're looking here to the hello, it expects an SC string. So it's only expects an SC string. So it's only. Expects an SC string. So it's only accepting strings. So as I'm typing accepting strings. So as I'm typing. Accepting strings. So as I'm typing here, it's validating the the the input here, it's validating the the the input. Here, it's validating the the the input that I'm providing. So for example, here that I'm providing. So for example, here. That I'm providing. So for example, here it expects an address for the store. If it expects an address for the store. If. It expects an address for the store. If I put anything else other than an I put anything else other than an. I put anything else other than an address, address, address, you'll see that it's validating and. You'll see that it's validating and you'll see that it's validating and telling me, hey, this is not a public. Telling me, hey, this is not a public telling me, hey, this is not a public key or a contract ID. So it needs to be. Key or a contract ID. So it needs to be key or a contract ID. So it needs to be a valid address. And you should see this. A valid address. And you should see this a valid address. And you should see this. For all of your functions, all of the for all of your functions, all of the for all of your functions, all of the. The known types. So if you go here over the known types. So if you go here over the known types. So if you go here over. The funible token for example, you see the funible token for example, you see the funible token for example, you see. We have all of these types indicated we have all of these types indicated we have all of these types indicated. Here along with the fields. So we have here along with the fields. So we have here along with the fields. So we have. Here I 128 and so on. And for functions here I 128 and so on. And for functions here I 128 and so on. And for functions. That don't have like arguments don't that don't have like arguments don't that don't have like arguments don't. Expect arguments you just see this expect arguments you just see this expect arguments you just see this. Compact version. So you can just check compact version. So you can just check compact version. So you can just check. And simulate like hey is this paused? and simulate like hey is this paused? . And simulate like hey is this paused? yes it's not paused returns false. Yes it's not paused returns false. Yes it's not paused returns false. Awesome. This is really useful. Awesome. This is really useful. Awesome. This is really useful. Okay what else? What what else can we Okay what else? What what else can we Okay what else? What what else can we. See here? Let me take a step back and see here? Let me take a step back and see here? Let me take a step back and. See what I took notes. See if I'm not see what I took notes. See if I'm not see what I took notes. See if I'm not. Forgetting anything. Oh, yes. As you're forgetting anything. Oh, yes. As you're forgetting anything. Oh, yes. As you're. Seeing here on top, we have the name of seeing here on top, we have the name of seeing here on top, we have the name of. The contract and the contract ID. You the contract and the contract ID. You the contract and the contract ID. You. Can just copy it if you're playing can just copy it if you're playing can just copy it if you're playing. Around making direct invocations in the around making direct invocations in the around making direct invocations in the. In the CLI, but you can also click here in the CLI, but you can also click here in the CLI, but you can also click here. On show details. And that's very on show details. And that's very on show details. And that's very. Interesting. So, what you're seeing here interesting. So, what you're seeing here. Interesting. So, what you're seeing here is the additional data about this is the additional data about this. Is the additional data about this contract. So here you have the contract contract. So here you have the contract. Contract. So here you have the contract was hash if you want to play with the was hash if you want to play with the. Was hash if you want to play with the deployed was version. you also have deployed was version. you also have. Deployed was version. you also have the contract metadata and if you're not the contract metadata and if you're not. The contract metadata and if you're not familiar with with what is the contract familiar with with what is the contract. Familiar with with what is the contract metadata you can just come here and metadata you can just come here and. Metadata you can just come here and click to see the documentation and read click to see the documentation and read. Click to see the documentation and read a little bit more but in essence these a little bit more but in essence these. A little bit more but in essence these are some some some some pieces of data are some some some some pieces of data. Are some some some some pieces of data that are automatically embedded into the that are automatically embedded into the. That are automatically embedded into the was that included into the the was was that included into the the was. Was that included into the the was during the compilation but you can also during the compilation but you can also. During the compilation but you can also add your own custom metadata depending add your own custom metadata depending. Add your own custom metadata depending on what you want to send to to the to on what you want to send to to the to. On what you want to send to to the to the to the deployed version of the the to the deployed version of the. The to the deployed version of the contract. So basically what we're doing contract. So basically what we're doing. Contract. So basically what we're doing here is that in this front end once we here is that in this front end once we. Here is that in this front end once we are going through the the our clients are going through the the our clients. Are going through the the our clients and identifying that we have clients for and identifying that we have clients for. And identifying that we have clients for these contracts we are also getting these contracts we are also getting. These contracts we are also getting their wasmas getting the was hash their wasmas getting the was hash. Their wasmas getting the was hash getting the wasmas and decoding the getting the wasmas and decoding the. Getting the wasmas and decoding the was to extract this metadata was to extract this metadata. Was to extract this metadata automatically. So if you connect for automatically. So if you connect for. Automatically. So if you connect for example this to contract deploying test example this to contract deploying test. Example this to contract deploying test net this is also going to work and pull net this is also going to work and pull. Net this is also going to work and pull all of the metadata related to that all of the metadata related to that. All of the metadata related to that contract. Let's just go ahead and make contract. Let's just go ahead and make. Contract. Let's just go ahead and make some changes and add some metadata to some changes and add some metadata to. Some changes and add some metadata to this contract. So let's go into this this contract. So let's go into this. This contract. So let's go into this hello world contract. It has just the hello world contract. It has just the. Hello world contract. It has just the basic metadata here indicating the basic metadata here indicating the. Basic metadata here indicating the version, the SDK version, the protocol version, the SDK version, the protocol. Version, the SDK version, the protocol version and release. So I'll just go version and release. So I'll just go. Version and release. So I'll just go ahead and there are a few ways in which ahead and there are a few ways in which. Ahead and there are a few ways in which you can do this. One that is very simple you can do this. One that is very simple. You can do this. One that is very simple is directly through the tommo file. So is directly through the tommo file. So. Is directly through the tommo file. So I'll just copy here and go to the tommo I'll just copy here and go to the tommo. I'll just copy here and go to the tommo file and I'll add this section here for file and I'll add this section here for. File and I'll add this section here for package metadata.Stellar. Package metadata.Stellar. Package metadata.Stellar. And we have some some some some And we have some some some some And we have some some some some. Different properties here basically different properties here basically different properties here basically. Indicating this is a contract. I have indicating this is a contract. I have indicating this is a contract. I have. Some custom ones like I have my custom some custom ones like I have my custom some custom ones like I have my custom. String fu my custom boot through. We string fu my custom boot through. We string fu my custom boot through. We. Have authors we have the repository the have authors we have the repository the have authors we have the repository the. Homepage and all of these are going to homepage and all of these are going to homepage and all of these are going to. Be baked into the contract during the be baked into the contract during the be baked into the contract during the. Build. You can also beyond this you can build. You can also beyond this you can build. You can also beyond this you can. Also come here and this is something you also come here and this is something you. Also come here and this is something you can do in your own contracts which is to. Can do in your own contracts which is to can do in your own contracts which is to. Use the macro contract contract use the macro contract contract use the macro contract contract. Matter there you go let me just make matter there you go let me just make matter there you go let me just make. Sure it's imported and for contract sure it's imported and for contract sure it's imported and for contract. Matter all you need to do is to form a matter all you need to do is to form a matter all you need to do is to form a. Key which I'll just say my key which I'll just say my key which I'll just say my my key that's more than enough and a. my key that's more than enough and a my key that's more than enough and a value so for the value I'll just call. Value so for the value I'll just call value so for the value I'll just call I'll just say fifu. I'll just say fifu I'll just say fifu oh yeah there we go. Let me just save oh yeah there we go. Let me just save. oh yeah there we go. Let me just save it will also rerun everything. So let's it will also rerun everything. So let's. It will also rerun everything. So let's just wait a little bit and as it's doing just wait a little bit and as it's doing. Just wait a little bit and as it's doing basically everything is going to be basically everything is going to be. Basically everything is going to be included into the was during the included into the was during the. Included into the was during the compilation and once we load it in the compilation and once we load it in the. Compilation and once we load it in the front end we are going to decode from front end we are going to decode from. Front end we are going to decode from the wasp and and and present it show in the wasp and and and present it show in. The wasp and and and present it show in the front end. So I think everything has the front end. So I think everything has. The front end. So I think everything has run here. Let me just go and there you run here. Let me just go and there you. Run here. Let me just go and there you go. You see we have a bunch of new stuff go. You see we have a bunch of new stuff. Go. You see we have a bunch of new stuff popping up now. So all the keys that I popping up now. So all the keys that I. Popping up now. So all the keys that I have included through the tommo plus the have included through the tommo plus the. Have included through the tommo plus the key I included here. So let me just see key I included here. So let me just see. Key I included here. So let me just see my key foil here on top is of type meta my key foil here on top is of type meta. My key foil here on top is of type meta entry. We have the other traditional entry. We have the other traditional. Entry. We have the other traditional ones. We have the outs that came from ones. We have the outs that came from. Ones. We have the outs that came from the tommo. We have contract true the the tommo. We have contract true the. The tommo. We have contract true the home domain and so on. So that's very home domain and so on. So that's very. Home domain and so on. So that's very powerful and if you want to reuse this powerful and if you want to reuse this. Powerful and if you want to reuse this in your project you can just grab these in your project you can just grab these. In your project you can just grab these components and reusing the front end components and reusing the front end. Components and reusing the front end app. And in the same way way something app. And in the same way way something. App. And in the same way way something that we we were conscious about here is that we we were conscious about here is. That we we were conscious about here is that all of this contract explorer that all of this contract explorer. That all of this contract explorer capability and and functionality is not capability and and functionality is not. Capability and and functionality is not something that you want to ship to your something that you want to ship to your. Something that you want to ship to your production environment for example. So production environment for example. So. Production environment for example. So everything that you see related to this everything that you see related to this. Everything that you see related to this page is tightly organized within the page is tightly organized within the. Page is tightly organized within the debug directory. So you can easily just debug directory. So you can easily just. Debug directory. So you can easily just delete this this debug directory and delete this this debug directory and. Delete this this debug directory and extract everything and you'll be have a extract everything and you'll be have a. Extract everything and you'll be have a clean project. And also if you want to clean project. And also if you want to. Clean project. And also if you want to just reuse some bits, you can just go just reuse some bits, you can just go. Just reuse some bits, you can just go select the components and reuse those in select the components and reuse those in. Select the components and reuse those in your project. So moving forward, okay, your project. So moving forward, okay,. Your project. So moving forward, okay, we made some changes. I updated the we made some changes. I updated the. We made some changes. I updated the metadata. What else can we do? So you metadata. What else can we do? So you. Metadata. What else can we do? So you remember I was telling you about the remember I was telling you about the. Remember I was telling you about the environments and let me just go ahead environments and let me just go ahead. Environments and let me just go ahead here and find the file environments. Here and find the file environments. Here and find the file environments. Which is the file that allows us to make which is the file that allows us to make. Which is the file that allows us to make some configuration about the some configuration about the. Some configuration about the environment we're working on. So I'll environment we're working on. So I'll. Environment we're working on. So I'll just go ahead here and have a look at just go ahead here and have a look at. Just go ahead here and have a look at the NFT one. And for the NFT one, we see the NFT one. And for the NFT one, we see. The NFT one. And for the NFT one, we see that all it has said is we have we want that all it has said is we have we want. That all it has said is we have we want to we want to build clients for this to we want to build clients for this. To we want to build clients for this contract and we also are constructing contract and we also are constructing. Contract and we also are constructing this with me the MI account as the this with me the MI account as the. This with me the MI account as the owner. So what if we also wanna let's owner. So what if we also wanna let's. Owner. So what if we also wanna let's say men some some units of it. So let me say men some some units of it. So let me. Say men some some units of it. So let me go ahead and grab this which is the go ahead and grab this which is the. Go ahead and grab this which is the example we have here and I basically am example we have here and I basically am. Example we have here and I basically am going to add a after deploy and here we going to add a after deploy and here we. Going to add a after deploy and here we can just chain different commands we can just chain different commands we. Can just chain different commands we want to run after the deploy. So here in want to run after the deploy. So here in. Want to run after the deploy. So here in this example I'll just going go around this example I'll just going go around. This example I'll just going go around and but let me see what is the actual and but let me see what is the actual. And but let me see what is the actual syntax for this contract. NFT syntax for this contract. NFT. Syntax for this contract. NFT innumerable innumerable innumerable contract and the constructor. Okay,. contract and the constructor. Okay, contract and the constructor. Okay, so it's a nouner and it's an address. So. So it's a nouner and it's an address. So so it's a nouner and it's an address. So. That's where sorry not the constructor, that's where sorry not the constructor, that's where sorry not the constructor,. The mint. So it's two and an address. The mint. So it's two and an address. The mint. So it's two and an address. There we go. Let me go to the There we go. Let me go to the There we go. Let me go to the. Environments. So mint two and then an environments. So mint two and then an environments. So mint two and then an. Address. I'll just delete this. I just address. I'll just delete this. I just address. I'll just delete this. I just. Give the name of the the address and give the name of the the address and give the name of the the address and. There you go. It should be able as I there you go. It should be able as I there you go. It should be able as I. Make new deployments, it should be able make new deployments, it should be able make new deployments, it should be able. To do it. Now, even though it's running, to do it. Now, even though it's running,. To do it. Now, even though it's running, I didn't change anything in the I didn't change anything in the. I didn't change anything in the contract. So, it's not going to identify contract. So, it's not going to identify. Contract. So, it's not going to identify changes in the was. So, it's not going changes in the was. So, it's not going. Changes in the was. So, it's not going to deploy a new was for me. So, I'll to deploy a new was for me. So, I'll. To deploy a new was for me. So, I'll just go ahead and make a change to this just go ahead and make a change to this. Just go ahead and make a change to this contract. So, one thing that we can take contract. So, one thing that we can take. Contract. So, one thing that we can take advantage of this update and I already advantage of this update and I already. Advantage of this update and I already highlighted that we can also add rest highlighted that we can also add rest. Highlighted that we can also add rest docs here as comments. So for example we docs here as comments. So for example we. Docs here as comments. So for example we can say that this no it doesn't can say that this no it doesn't. Can say that this no it doesn't returns the owner the contract no returns the owner the contract no. Returns the owner the contract no copilot this is a mint a new token to copilot this is a mint a new token to. Copilot this is a mint a new token to specified address color must be and so specified address color must be and so. Specified address color must be and so on okay this is good enough let me just on okay this is good enough let me just. On okay this is good enough let me just leave these two lines so once we have leave these two lines so once we have. Leave these two lines so once we have these docs on top of the functions these docs on top of the functions. These docs on top of the functions and we save these are going to be and we save these are going to be. And we save these are going to be included in the w and in the spec of the included in the w and in the spec of the. Included in the w and in the spec of the contract. So when we are loading the contract. So when we are loading the. Contract. So when we are loading the front end, we are going to identify this front end, we are going to identify this. Front end, we are going to identify this and show those alongside with the and show those alongside with the. And show those alongside with the functions. So let's just wait a second. Functions. So let's just wait a second. Functions. So let's just wait a second. It's running everything. You should be It's running everything. You should be It's running everything. You should be. Seeing this sometimes blinking a little seeing this sometimes blinking a little seeing this sometimes blinking a little. Bit. This means that there's a lot of bit. This means that there's a lot of bit. This means that there's a lot of. Stuff going on and the the vit is stuff going on and the the vit is stuff going on and the the vit is. Watching for these changes and just watching for these changes and just watching for these changes and just. Updating everything. So running. I'll updating everything. So running. I'll updating everything. So running. I'll. Just for let me just double check. just for let me just double check. just for let me just double check. . I think everything executed. Let me just I think everything executed. Let me just. I think everything executed. Let me just have a look. it's the enumerable. have a look. it's the enumerable. have a look. it's the enumerable. Let me just see if Oh yeah, got to have Let me just see if Oh yeah, got to have Let me just see if Oh yeah, got to have. A look why it didn't just up there a look why it didn't just up there a look why it didn't just up there. Automatically. But there it is. I put automatically. But there it is. I put. Automatically. But there it is. I put it into into lines. This is very small. It into into lines. This is very small. It into into lines. This is very small. It should expand a little bit further. It should expand a little bit further. It should expand a little bit further. So a lot of stuff to take notes as So a lot of stuff to take notes as So a lot of stuff to take notes as. Improvements, but basically it brings improvements, but basically it brings improvements, but basically it brings. The the rust doc here. We have some the the rust doc here. We have some the the rust doc here. We have some. Indications and it's going to always indications and it's going to always indications and it's going to always. Show up with the the functions that that show up with the the functions that that. Show up with the the functions that that they are attached to. So, okay, I added they are attached to. So, okay, I added. They are attached to. So, okay, I added the step to mint and and and already the step to mint and and and already. The step to mint and and and already send that to the address which is what send that to the address which is what. Send that to the address which is what is the name of the address? Me. So, let is the name of the address? Me. So, let. Is the name of the address? Me. So, let me go ahead and get this address. What me go ahead and get this address. What. Me go ahead and get this address. What is the key? So, Stellar keys public is the key? So, Stellar keys public. Is the key? So, Stellar keys public key me. No, isn't that Oh, I added a a K key me. No, isn't that Oh, I added a a K. Key me. No, isn't that Oh, I added a a K and again a typo. Oh, yeah, but it and again a typo. Oh, yeah, but it. And again a typo. Oh, yeah, but it worked. So, this is the MI account. So worked. So, this is the MI account. So. Worked. So, this is the MI account. So let me check if it has a balance. Let me check if it has a balance. Let me check if it has a balance. Simulate. There you go. We see read Simulate. There you go. We see read Simulate. There you go. We see read. Successful. Let me check the balance. Successful. Let me check the balance. Successful. Let me check the balance. And it has. Here it is. Return value. It And it has. Here it is. Return value. It. And it has. Here it is. Return value. It has. It has a balance of one one NFT. So. Has. It has a balance of one one NFT. So has. It has a balance of one one NFT. So. If I check I think we have another if I check I think we have another if I check I think we have another. Function here owner off and the token function here owner off and the token function here owner off and the token. ID. So we know that this is the ID. So we know that this is the ID. So we know that this is the. Sequential token. So the token number sequential token. So the token number sequential token. So the token number. Zero will be the first one. Yes, I can zero will be the first one. Yes, I can zero will be the first one. Yes, I can. Simulate and see that the owner simulate and see that the owner simulate and see that the owner. Is the address of my admin. Some other is the address of my admin. Some other is the address of my admin. Some other. Stuff you could be doing and it's very stuff you could be doing and it's very stuff you could be doing and it's very. Helpful here. So, I use this key, but helpful here. So, I use this key, but helpful here. So, I use this key, but. Sometimes I don't have those in my my sometimes I don't have those in my my sometimes I don't have those in my my. Wallets. So, you can use Stellar keys to wallets. So, you can use Stellar keys to. Wallets. So, you can use Stellar keys to also grab the private keys and import. Also grab the private keys and import also grab the private keys and import. In your wallets if you want to run some in your wallets if you want to run some in your wallets if you want to run some. Functions for example from the admin functions for example from the admin functions for example from the admin. Perspective. So I'll go with Stellar perspective. So I'll go with Stellar perspective. So I'll go with Stellar. Keys secret if I'm not mistaken me. Keys secret if I'm not mistaken me. Keys secret if I'm not mistaken me. There you go. That's the secret of the There you go. That's the secret of the There you go. That's the secret of the. MI account. So I'll just go ahead and MI account. So I'll just go ahead and MI account. So I'll just go ahead and. Freighter. Freighter. Freighter. And for freighter we have here you click And for freighter we have here you click. And for freighter we have here you click on this icon on top. You see your on this icon on top. You see your. On this icon on top. You see your accounts and you can easily click on accounts and you can easily click on. Accounts and you can easily click on import secret key. I just paste it. And import secret key. I just paste it. And. Import secret key. I just paste it. And remember if you're seeing the secret key remember if you're seeing the secret key. Remember if you're seeing the secret key publicly in this recording you should be. Publicly in this recording you should be publicly in this recording you should be. Using this for real because this has using this for real because this has using this for real because this has. Been exposed. Let me just put my been exposed. Let me just put my been exposed. Let me just put my. Password. And don't forget to click on password. And don't forget to click on password. And don't forget to click on. This checkbox and I'll just import it. This checkbox and I'll just import it. This checkbox and I'll just import it. There you go. AM2 I. Yes, that's There you go. AM2 I. Yes, that's There you go. AM2 I. Yes, that's. Correct. That's the account. All right. Correct. That's the account. All right. Correct. That's the account. All right. So, I'm connected with my admin now. So, So, I'm connected with my admin now. So,. So, I'm connected with my admin now. So, if I want to play around and I want to if I want to play around and I want to. If I want to play around and I want to make transactions or means from the make transactions or means from the. Make transactions or means from the perspective of the owner, I can do that. Perspective of the owner, I can do that. Perspective of the owner, I can do that. So, I just go ahead for example, grab So, I just go ahead for example, grab So, I just go ahead for example, grab. The address of a different one which is the address of a different one which is the address of a different one which is. My FIFO account. I'll just come here, my FIFO account. I'll just come here, my FIFO account. I'll just come here,. Copy, and again switch to my admin, copy, and again switch to my admin, copy, and again switch to my admin,. Which is this one. And let me mint a which is this one. And let me mint a which is this one. And let me mint a. Token to my FIFO account. There we go. Token to my FIFO account. There we go. Token to my FIFO account. There we go. And one important thing here, you notice And one important thing here, you notice. And one important thing here, you notice that right away I can click on submit. That right away I can click on submit. That right away I can click on submit. You don't have to manually simulate. You You don't have to manually simulate. You. You don't have to manually simulate. You can always simulate to see beforehand can always simulate to see beforehand. Can always simulate to see beforehand what will be the the outcome if it is what will be the the outcome if it is. What will be the the outcome if it is likely to fail or not. But you can just likely to fail or not. But you can just. Likely to fail or not. But you can just come here and directly click on submit come here and directly click on submit. Come here and directly click on submit and it's going to run the whole and it's going to run the whole. And it's going to run the whole workflow. So it's going to configure the workflow. So it's going to configure the. Workflow. So it's going to configure the transaction, simulate it, check the transaction, simulate it, check the. Transaction, simulate it, check the result, prepare the transaction, sign, result, prepare the transaction, sign,. Result, prepare the transaction, sign, and then submit. So I will just click on and then submit. So I will just click on. And then submit. So I will just click on submit. You'll be prompted to to to submit. You'll be prompted to to to. Submit. You'll be prompted to to to reveal and sign, approve and continue. Reveal and sign, approve and continue. Reveal and sign, approve and continue. Yes, that's correct. Sign transaction. Yes, that's correct. Sign transaction. Yes, that's correct. Sign transaction. And there you go. It was successfully And there you go. It was successfully And there you go. It was successfully. Executed. So, if I grab my FIFO account executed. So, if I grab my FIFO account executed. So, if I grab my FIFO account. Here now and check for the balance here now and check for the balance here now and check for the balance. And simulate, I should be able to see and simulate, I should be able to see and simulate, I should be able to see. That it holds a token. Oops. Oops. Too that it holds a token. Oops. Oops. Too that it holds a token. Oops. Oops. Too. Much scroll. There you go. Return value much scroll. There you go. Return value much scroll. There you go. Return value. Number one. It means it's hold holding number one. It means it's hold holding number one. It means it's hold holding. One NFD. And if I check for the owner of one NFD. And if I check for the owner of. One NFD. And if I check for the owner of the number one, the number one, the number one,. Let me see. Show details. Who is owning let me see. Show details. Who is owning let me see. Show details. Who is owning. The NFT number one? There you go. The the NFT number one? There you go. The the NFT number one? There you go. The. FIFA account. Awesome. Awesome. Okay, FIFA account. Awesome. Awesome. Okay, FIFA account. Awesome. Awesome. Okay,. Fifo, but you're just showing the Fifo, but you're just showing the Fifo, but you're just showing the. Examples we have here. You just made examples we have here. You just made examples we have here. You just made. Small tweaks. What else can we do? What small tweaks. What else can we do? What small tweaks. What else can we do? What. Else is in there for us? So, another else is in there for us? So, another else is in there for us? So, another. Nice thing that I want to show here nice thing that I want to show here nice thing that I want to show here. Today is the generate. So, if you go to today is the generate. So, if you go to today is the generate. So, if you go to. Let me just close let me stop this for a let me just close let me stop this for a. Let me just close let me stop this for a while and close this one so you guys can. While and close this one so you guys can while and close this one so you guys can. See this. , let me just go to Stellar see this. , let me just go to Stellar see this. , let me just go to Stellar. Scaffold scaffold scaffold again. Show the commands. These are the again. Show the commands. These are the. Again. Show the commands. These are the commands we have. I want to show you the commands we have. I want to show you the. Commands we have. I want to show you the generate one. So the generate one is to generate one. So the generate one is to. Generate one. So the generate one is to generate new contracts in this generate new contracts in this. Generate new contracts in this repository. So let me go ahead Stellar repository. So let me go ahead Stellar. Repository. So let me go ahead Stellar scaffold generate and let me see the scaffold generate and let me see the. Scaffold generate and let me see the options we have here. So basically options we have here. So basically . Options we have here. So basically sorry I can generate contracts. So sorry I can generate contracts. So. Sorry I can generate contracts. So generate contract h and there you go. So generate contract h and there you go. So. Generate contract h and there you go. So the options I have here I can clone one the options I have here I can clone one. The options I have here I can clone one of the examples existing in the open of the examples existing in the open. Of the examples existing in the open zapping repository. And if you're not zapping repository. And if you're not. Zapping repository. And if you're not familiar let me just make sure I have it familiar let me just make sure I have it. Familiar let me just make sure I have it here. this is the repository. It's here. this is the repository. It's. Here. this is the repository. It's managed by open zapling. They have some managed by open zapling. They have some. Managed by open zapling. They have some very nice examples over here that you very nice examples over here that you. Very nice examples over here that you can have a look. So basically you can can have a look. So basically you can. Can have a look. So basically you can choose any one of those and directly choose any one of those and directly. Choose any one of those and directly clone into the to the repository. you clone into the to the repository. you. Clone into the to the repository. you also have the option to list the also have the option to list the. Also have the option to list the existing ones which will show the list existing ones which will show the list. Existing ones which will show the list of the ones in the examples. You can of the ones in the examples. You can. Of the ones in the examples. You can also go to the wizard. So it's going to also go to the wizard. So it's going to. Also go to the wizard. So it's going to pop up. Let me show you. If you hit pop up. Let me show you. If you hit. Pop up. Let me show you. If you hit contract, contract, contract, oops, oops, oops,. From wizard, from wizard, from wizard, it pops up the wizard from open zap it pops up the wizard from open zap. It pops up the wizard from open zap link. So, this is a really nice wizard link. So, this is a really nice wizard. Link. So, this is a really nice wizard that allows you to combine different that allows you to combine different. That allows you to combine different features. So, I want to make a token features. So, I want to make a token. Features. So, I want to make a token that is mintable and it's burnable and that is mintable and it's burnable and. That is mintable and it's burnable and pausible. So, it adds all of these pausible. So, it adds all of these. Pausible. So, it adds all of these characteristics and all the markers and characteristics and all the markers and. Characteristics and all the markers and you can just grab it and bring to your you can just grab it and bring to your. You can just grab it and bring to your project. But what I'll be doing here is project. But what I'll be doing here is. Project. But what I'll be doing here is basically using the other option which basically using the other option which. Basically using the other option which is I'll go contract ls. Oh sorry it's a is I'll go contract ls. Oh sorry it's a. Is I'll go contract ls. Oh sorry it's a ls and here I can see all the available ls and here I can see all the available. Ls and here I can see all the available contracts in the open z. So I'll go contracts in the open z. So I'll go. Contracts in the open z. So I'll go ahead and copy one. Let me see. I'll get ahead and copy one. Let me see. I'll get. Ahead and copy one. Let me see. I'll get let's let's use the funible cap if I'm let's let's use the funible cap if I'm. Let's let's use the funible cap if I'm not mistaken. I think that's a good one. Not mistaken. I think that's a good one. Not mistaken. I think that's a good one. Let me just again check it's from. Okay. Let me just again check it's from. Okay. Let me just again check it's from. Okay. So I'll use from. So stylish scaffold So I'll use from. So stylish scaffold So I'll use from. So stylish scaffold. Generate contract from and I'll add it's generate contract from and I'll add it's. Generate contract from and I'll add it's fun how do you write it? Funible cap. Fun how do you write it? Funible cap. Fun how do you write it? Funible cap. Funible Funible Funible funible funible funible cap. Is that correct? I hope so. Yes. . Cap. Is that correct? I hope so. Yes. cap. Is that correct? I hope so. Yes. . Let me see. Yes. We have a new contract let me see. Yes. We have a new contract let me see. Yes. We have a new contract. Here. So if you look here we have the here. So if you look here we have the here. So if you look here we have the. Contract funible cat. It was it was contract funible cat. It was it was contract funible cat. It was it was. Imported in our repository. So let me go imported in our repository. So let me go. Imported in our repository. So let me go ahead and also add it to our add it to ahead and also add it to our add it to. Ahead and also add it to our add it to our configuration. So it can be built our configuration. So it can be built. Our configuration. So it can be built and then we can generate a client and so and then we can generate a client and so. And then we can generate a client and so on. And let me have a look. Does it have. On. And let me have a look. Does it have on. And let me have a look. Does it have. A constructor? Yes, it has a constructor a constructor? Yes, it has a constructor. A constructor? Yes, it has a constructor and expects a cap interfere. So let's go. And expects a cap interfere. So let's go and expects a cap interfere. So let's go. To our do we have it open? No. Where is to our do we have it open? No. Where is to our do we have it open? No. Where is. It? Environments. It? Environments. It? Environments. I'll go ahead and add a new contract. So I'll go ahead and add a new contract. So. I'll go ahead and add a new contract. So I'll use the same syntax we did for the I'll use the same syntax we did for the. I'll use the same syntax we did for the token for the fun token. I'll just token for the fun token. I'll just. Token for the fun token. I'll just copy this. let me put it at the end. Copy this. let me put it at the end. Copy this. let me put it at the end. So I'll have a new one. And this one is So I'll have a new one. And this one is So I'll have a new one. And this one is. Funo funo funo kept. It's important that it matches the kept. It's important that it matches the. Kept. It's important that it matches the name. Let me see how it's set in the name. Let me see how it's set in the. Name. Let me see how it's set in the tunnel. Tunnel. Tunnel. where is the tunnel? There you go. where is the tunnel? There you go. where is the tunnel? There you go. Example. So it's fun cap example. Yes. Example. So it's fun cap example. Yes. Example. So it's fun cap example. Yes. But it needs to match the the final But it needs to match the the final But it needs to match the the final. File generated. So it should have the file generated. So it should have the file generated. So it should have the. Underscore. So, French ball cap example. Underscore. So, French ball cap example. Underscore. So, French ball cap example. There we go. Client true. And we also There we go. Client true. And we also There we go. Client true. And we also. Want to want to want to invoke the constructor right afterwards, invoke the constructor right afterwards,. Invoke the constructor right afterwards, but it accepts a cap argument with an but it accepts a cap argument with an. But it accepts a cap argument with an integer. So, I'll just say the cap is integer. So, I'll just say the cap is. Integer. So, I'll just say the cap is 10,000. Just an arbitrary number. And 10,000. Just an arbitrary number. And. 10,000. Just an arbitrary number. And let's save. Let me see. Oh, sorry. I had let's save. Let me see. Oh, sorry. I had. Let's save. Let me see. Oh, sorry. I had stopped the command here. So, npm stopped the command here. So, npm. Stopped the command here. So, npm rundev. Rundev. Rundev. Let's see if it identifies the changes Let's see if it identifies the changes Let's see if it identifies the changes. Right away and and runs it. It's running everything. Let me go back It's running everything. Let me go back here to see. There we go. But I think it. Here to see. There we go. But I think it here to see. There we go. But I think it. Didn't deploy it yet. Let's wait a didn't deploy it yet. Let's wait a didn't deploy it yet. Let's wait a. Little bit. Is it running? Let me see little bit. Is it running? Let me see little bit. Is it running? Let me see. This teller. This teller. This teller. Hello. And so on. No, I think it's Hello. And so on. No, I think it's Hello. And so on. No, I think it's. Stopped. So, I should have run the stopped. So, I should have run the stopped. So, I should have run the. Command before I updated it. Let's just command before I updated it. Let's just command before I updated it. Let's just. Make a a small change so it detects the make a a small change so it detects the make a a small change so it detects the. Change. I'll just add some comments change. I'll just add some comments change. I'll just add some comments. Here. Maybe on this one. Oh, no. It's here. Maybe on this one. Oh, no. It's here. Maybe on this one. Oh, no. It's. Still running. Sorry. There you go. Still running. Sorry. There you go. Still running. Sorry. There you go. Still running. Still running. Still running. Still running. Still running. Still running. Everything updated. Blinking for a while. Don't worry. This Blinking for a while. Don't worry. This happens sometimes as we are removing and. Happens sometimes as we are removing and happens sometimes as we are removing and. Adding packages. Let me just double adding packages. Let me just double adding packages. Let me just double. Check if this is because we added a new check if this is because we added a new check if this is because we added a new. Package that not was not tracked. I package that not was not tracked. I package that not was not tracked. I. Know there is an open issue that the know there is an open issue that the know there is an open issue that the. Team is working was working today around team is working was working today around. Team is working was working today around how we are tracking the newly generated how we are tracking the newly generated. How we are tracking the newly generated packages. So sometimes we add a new packages. So sometimes we add a new. Packages. So sometimes we add a new package and it might not identify in the package and it might not identify in the. Package and it might not identify in the workspace. So we can so we just run the workspace. So we can so we just run the. Workspace. So we can so we just run the npmi here at the root level and it will npmi here at the root level and it will. Npmi here at the root level and it will identify. This is a quick workaround but identify. This is a quick workaround but. Identify. This is a quick workaround but I know there they're patching it as we I know there they're patching it as we. I know there they're patching it as we are presenting this. And there you go. Are presenting this. And there you go. Are presenting this. And there you go. That was it. it's loading everything. That was it. it's loading everything. That was it. it's loading everything. There you go. We see a new one here. There you go. We see a new one here. There you go. We see a new one here. Funible cap example we have our token Funible cap example we have our token . Funible cap example we have our token it does it have an admin let me just it does it have an admin let me just. It does it have an admin let me just double check no it doesn't have an admin double check no it doesn't have an admin. Double check no it doesn't have an admin so that means that I can just m with any. So that means that I can just m with any so that means that I can just m with any. Account so let me check the total account so let me check the total account so let me check the total. Supply before we start invoking this supply before we start invoking this supply before we start invoking this. Contract and the total supply is indeed contract and the total supply is indeed contract and the total supply is indeed. Zero so there are no units in existence zero so there are no units in existence zero so there are no units in existence. Or running around so let's go ahead and or running around so let's go ahead and or running around so let's go ahead and. Mint some so I'll just mint to the to mint some so I'll just mint to the to mint some so I'll just mint to the to. Our admin or to our main account our admin or to our main account our admin or to our main account. Directly and you open here. Copy. Directly and you open here. Copy. Directly and you open here. Copy. Let's just use this one amount. Let's Let's just use this one amount. Let's Let's just use this one amount. Let's. Just use a normal amount that's under just use a normal amount that's under just use a normal amount that's under. The cap. So, this one should be okay the cap. So, this one should be okay the cap. So, this one should be okay. Because it's under the cap. Because it's under the cap. Because it's under the cap. Loading. There we go. Execute it. Submit Loading. There we go. Execute it. Submit. Loading. There we go. Execute it. Submit it. If I get this account and check the it. If I get this account and check the. It. If I get this account and check the balance, simulate. Show details. And I balance, simulate. Show details. And I. Balance, simulate. Show details. And I run down here. 5,000. So, the balance is run down here. 5,000. So, the balance is. Run down here. 5,000. So, the balance is there. it was minted. So, let's go ahead. There. it was minted. So, let's go ahead there. it was minted. So, let's go ahead. And try to mint 50,01. And try to mint 50,01. And try to mint 50,01. And this now shouldn't go ahead. So, if And this now shouldn't go ahead. So, if And this now shouldn't go ahead. So, if. I click both simulator submit, it fails I click both simulator submit, it fails I click both simulator submit, it fails. Because the simulation fails because we because the simulation fails because we because the simulation fails because we. Are hitting the cap. So, we should be are hitting the cap. So, we should be are hitting the cap. So, we should be. Able to see here the details of the able to see here the details of the able to see here the details of the. Failed simulation and what happened. So failed simulation and what happened. So failed simulation and what happened. So. As you see we just added a new contract as you see we just added a new contract as you see we just added a new contract. Started playing around and you see started playing around and you see started playing around and you see. Things gives us a lot of speed because things gives us a lot of speed because things gives us a lot of speed because. You can just start invoking everything you can just start invoking everything you can just start invoking everything. From the client and seeing the changes from the client and seeing the changes from the client and seeing the changes. Right away. So I think this is very right away. So I think this is very right away. So I think this is very. Powerful and should be very helpful for powerful and should be very helpful for powerful and should be very helpful for. New developers coming getting up to new developers coming getting up to new developers coming getting up to. Speed and seeing how the implementation speed and seeing how the implementation speed and seeing how the implementation. Is managing all these workflows and you is managing all these workflows and you is managing all these workflows and you. Should be seeing some improvements should be seeing some improvements should be seeing some improvements. Coming soon as we gather feedback and coming soon as we gather feedback and coming soon as we gather feedback and. Start adding more functionality to it. Start adding more functionality to it. Start adding more functionality to it. So, I'll pause for a second and take a So, I'll pause for a second and take a So, I'll pause for a second and take a. Sip of water just to to lubricate my my sip of water just to to lubricate my my sip of water just to to lubricate my my. Vocal cords. And Carson, I'm not sure if vocal cords. And Carson, I'm not sure if. Vocal cords. And Carson, I'm not sure if we have any questions or if like to open. We have any questions or if like to open we have any questions or if like to open. Up for anyone. Up for anyone. Up for anyone.  I think we pretty much caught up  I think we pretty much caught up.  I think we pretty much caught up questions, but if anyone has questions, but if anyone has. Questions, but if anyone has questions, please feel free to to ask. Questions, please feel free to to ask. Questions, please feel free to to ask. I think this this is a really this is I think this this is a really this is. I think this this is a really this is a really great demo that shows how much a really great demo that shows how much. A really great demo that shows how much progress you've made on this. I love progress you've made on this. I love. Progress you've made on this. I love that the tooling is built in. It makes that the tooling is built in. It makes. That the tooling is built in. It makes it super easy to debug and to develop it super easy to debug and to develop. It super easy to debug and to develop and add on to your smart contracts. and add on to your smart contracts. . And add on to your smart contracts. you don't need to have a ton of tooling you don't need to have a ton of tooling. You don't need to have a ton of tooling set up. it's all built in. It makes set up. it's all built in. It makes. Set up. it's all built in. It makes it very very easy. So yeah, I it very very easy. So yeah, I I. It very very easy. So yeah, I downloaded the and ran the the latest downloaded the and ran the the latest. Downloaded the and ran the the latest that's at least the public one last that's at least the public one last. That's at least the public one last night and it was super easy to get up night and it was super easy to get up. Night and it was super easy to get up and running as as soon as I figured and running as as soon as I figured. And running as as soon as I figured out that I needed to have my my Docker out that I needed to have my my Docker. Out that I needed to have my my Docker running. I didn't have that. It running. I didn't have that. It. running. I didn't have that. It was on pause. So after that was on pause. So after that. Was on pause. So after that everything was pretty smooth and and I everything was pretty smooth and and I. Everything was pretty smooth and and I and and there was there was a comment and and there was there was a comment. And and there was there was a comment about about Stellar Lab you can about about Stellar Lab you can. about about Stellar Lab you can actually connect Stellar Lab to quick actually connect Stellar Lab to quick. Actually connect Stellar Lab to quick start that works even if you have start that works even if you have. Start that works even if you have quick start and you have this running on quick start and you have this running on. Quick start and you have this running on your local machine you can still use your local machine you can still use . Your local machine you can still use the web-based Stellar lab but but I the web-based Stellar lab but but I. The web-based Stellar lab but but I think most of the functionality that think most of the functionality that. Think most of the functionality that that that I would be interested in you that that I would be interested in you. That that I would be interested in you already exposed those here like the already exposed those here like the. Already exposed those here like the smart contracts, you can invoke them and smart contracts, you can invoke them and. Smart contracts, you can invoke them and you can see the output. So most of the you can see the output. So most of the. You can see the output. So most of the functionality I use in cell lab is is functionality I use in cell lab is is. Functionality I use in cell lab is is already included in in this in this already included in in this in this. Already included in in this in this version. So yeah, amazing amazing job. Version. So yeah, amazing amazing job. Version. So yeah, amazing amazing job.  Awesome. It's great to hear that and I  Awesome. It's great to hear that and I.  Awesome. It's great to hear that and I invite everyone to play around, test,. Invite everyone to play around, test, invite everyone to play around, test, share the feedback, especially people. Share the feedback, especially people share the feedback, especially people participating in the hackathons. Like. Participating in the hackathons. Like participating in the hackathons. Like this is a great starter for the. This is a great starter for the this is a great starter for the hackathons. They can really get up to. Hackathons. They can really get up to hackathons. They can really get up to speed. Speed. Speed. Yeah, I think for hack meridian, Yeah, I think for hack meridian, Yeah, I think for hack meridian,. We definitely need to do a big push to we definitely need to do a big push to we definitely need to do a big push to. Get people going on this. I we always get people going on this. I we always. Get people going on this. I we always see when we do hackathons, we always see. See when we do hackathons, we always see see when we do hackathons, we always see. Some struggle a little bit setting up some struggle a little bit setting up. Some struggle a little bit setting up their environment, get everything their environment, get everything. Their environment, get everything installed and sometimes they maybe spend installed and sometimes they maybe spend. Installed and sometimes they maybe spend an hour getting things up and running an hour getting things up and running. An hour getting things up and running instead of starting to code or to decide instead of starting to code or to decide. Instead of starting to code or to decide what to build. So this is really a fast what to build. So this is really a fast. What to build. So this is really a fast track to to get started working on track to to get started working on. Track to to get started working on your project and and start coding. Your project and and start coding. Your project and and start coding.  Yeah. And and we have some hidden gems  Yeah. And and we have some hidden gems.  Yeah. And and we have some hidden gems that I didn't even touch here because of. That I didn't even touch here because of that I didn't even touch here because of. The time. But if I really suggest the time. But if I really suggest the time. But if I really suggest. You guys have a look. For example, we you guys have a look. For example, we you guys have a look. For example, we. Have some hooks that allow you to have some hooks that allow you to have some hooks that allow you to. Directly listen for specific events. So directly listen for specific events. So directly listen for specific events. So. If you're playing with events and if you're playing with events and if you're playing with events and. Meeting events in your contract, you can meeting events in your contract, you can. Meeting events in your contract, you can already in your front end start already in your front end start. Already in your front end start listening for those and reacting listening for those and reacting. Listening for those and reacting automatically. So you could make some automatically. So you could make some. Automatically. So you could make some fancy stuff here. I think this could be fancy stuff here. I think this could be. Fancy stuff here. I think this could be a next step for this explorer to have a next step for this explorer to have. A next step for this explorer to have some options to already list and see the some options to already list and see the. Some options to already list and see the events coming up as you're making the events coming up as you're making the. Events coming up as you're making the invocations. But this could be very invocations. But this could be very. Invocations. But this could be very powerful. Powerful. Powerful.  Yeah. Great.  Yeah. Great.  Yeah. Great.  Awesome. Awesome. If you guys find  Awesome. Awesome. If you guys find.  Awesome. Awesome. If you guys find anything or have any any feedback, feel. Anything or have any any feedback, feel anything or have any any feedback, feel free to share directly in the repository. Free to share directly in the repository free to share directly in the repository. Or get get in touch with us. Or get get in touch with us. Or get get in touch with us.  Yeah. How is the best way? Let's say I  Yeah. How is the best way? Let's say I.  Yeah. How is the best way? Let's say I find a bug or something is not working. Find a bug or something is not working. Find a bug or something is not working. What is the best way to to to let you What is the best way to to to let you What is the best way to to to let you. Guys know? Guys know? Guys know?  I encourage everyone to directly open  I encourage everyone to directly open.  I encourage everyone to directly open a niche on the repository because we are. A niche on the repository because we are a niche on the repository because we are. Definitely looking there every day. It definitely looking there every day. It definitely looking there every day. It. Will be the quickest way, but we're also will be the quickest way, but we're also. Will be the quickest way, but we're also on Discord. So on the developer Discord,. On Discord. So on the developer Discord, on Discord. So on the developer Discord,. The developer community, we're always the developer community, we're always the developer community, we're always. There. So feel free to just tag us, me there. So feel free to just tag us, me there. So feel free to just tag us, me. Or the team. We're always looking there. Or the team. We're always looking there. Or the team. We're always looking there.  Great.  Great.  Great. Okay. If there's no other questions, Okay. If there's no other questions, Okay. If there's no other questions,. I would like to thank you so much for I would like to thank you so much for I would like to thank you so much for. Giving this demo. This was a very giving this demo. This was a very giving this demo. This was a very. Extensive demo. you really took us far extensive demo. you really took us far extensive demo. you really took us far. Into into the scaffold Stellar and it into into the scaffold Stellar and it into into the scaffold Stellar and it. Was really great. so yeah, thank you was really great. so yeah, thank you was really great. so yeah, thank you so much and I think we will probably do so much and I think we will probably do so much and I think we will probably do. Another update at a later time but another update at a later time but another update at a later time but. Until then I would encourage everyone until then I would encourage everyone until then I would encourage everyone. who builds on Stellar to try it out. who builds on Stellar to try it out. who builds on Stellar to try it out. It it's really impressive. I love how It it's really impressive. I love how It it's really impressive. I love how. How much is included how much you how much is included how much you how much is included how much you. Don't need to set up manually and don't need to set up manually and don't need to set up manually and. Integrating the tooling and and getting integrating the tooling and and getting integrating the tooling and and getting. To a point where you start to be to a point where you start to be to a point where you start to be. Productive super fast. I think that's productive super fast. I think that's productive super fast. I think that's. That's that's a great experience. so that's that's a great experience. so that's that's a great experience. so. So so yeah, go ahead and try it out and so so yeah, go ahead and try it out and so so yeah, go ahead and try it out and. yeah, thank you for for listening in. yeah, thank you for for listening in. yeah, thank you for for listening in. We will be back next Thursday. Thank you We will be back next Thursday. Thank you. We will be back next Thursday. Thank you everyone.
