Okay I think we have like a couple of okay I think we have like a couple of things on the uh agenda so. Things on the uh agenda so things on the uh agenda so um um um I think the first one was uh. I think the first one was uh I think the first one was uh around around around please. Please please um to kind of give a quick update of on um to kind of give a quick update of on. Um to kind of give a quick update of on where we are and then um where we are and then um. Where we are and then um and then uh like we have a follow-up and then uh like we have a follow-up. And then uh like we have a follow-up um um um uh discussions on the archiving work. Uh discussions on the archiving work uh discussions on the archiving work that Garen has been working on. Maybe I can start with yeah face given maybe I can start with yeah face given that this is like a quick thing. Um so yeah so like we have uh we started um so yeah so like we have uh we started. To kind of uh go back to the that fee to kind of uh go back to the that fee to kind of uh go back to the that fee. Cap that uh I was looking at the draft cap that uh I was looking at the draft cap that uh I was looking at the draft. It was first put together end of June it was first put together end of June it was first put together end of June. Last year so it has been sitting last year so it has been sitting last year so it has been sitting. Accumulating dust for a long time and um accumulating dust for a long time and um. Accumulating dust for a long time and um yeah so we're actually like looking into. Yeah so we're actually like looking into yeah so we're actually like looking into. This again this again this again um we started a um we started a um we started a uh by doing a couple things so first one. Uh by doing a couple things so first one uh by doing a couple things so first one. Was around was around was around [Music] [Music] [Music] um um um refreshing the the cap to reflect. Refreshing the the cap to reflect refreshing the the cap to reflect as much as possible where we left it. As much as possible where we left it as much as possible where we left it where it left things off in the on the. Where it left things off in the on the where it left things off in the on the mailing list. Mailing list mailing list uh there's plenty of still of open uh there's plenty of still of open. Uh there's plenty of still of open questions questions questions and uh yeah we're going to go over that. And uh yeah we're going to go over that and uh yeah we're going to go over that um I think the other thing was that we. Um I think the other thing was that we um I think the other thing was that we started a thread uh on this code on the. Started a thread uh on this code on the started a thread uh on this code on the channels. Channels channels so so so yeah at this point it's more like yeah yeah at this point it's more like yeah. Yeah at this point it's more like yeah we need to go through we need to go through. We need to go through and iterate on this uh before we can and iterate on this uh before we can. And iterate on this uh before we can give more updates on on what's going to give more updates on on what's going to. Give more updates on on what's going to be next on the on the feed front and be next on the on the feed front and. Be next on the on the feed front and basically like the yeah what we're basically like the yeah what we're. Basically like the yeah what we're realizing is that there are a lot of realizing is that there are a lot of. Realizing is that there are a lot of things that we didn't incorporate yet things that we didn't incorporate yet. Things that we didn't incorporate yet like there are like there are like there are. You know this was written before we had you know this was written before we had you know this was written before we had. For example the pre-flight for example the pre-flight for example the pre-flight in the picture things like that so. In the picture things like that so in the picture things like that so yeah there will be a. Yeah there will be a yeah there will be a for sure a little more a few more for sure a little more a few more. For sure a little more a few more changes that need to have to be done changes that need to have to be done. Changes that need to have to be done but that's kind of uh what we are with but that's kind of uh what we are with. But that's kind of uh what we are with this uh not everyone to kind of spend this uh not everyone to kind of spend. This uh not everyone to kind of spend more time on this just like uh you know more time on this just like uh you know. More time on this just like uh you know I'm inviting people to I'm inviting people to. I'm inviting people to um to kind of follow the conversations um to kind of follow the conversations. Um to kind of follow the conversations and uh and uh and uh yeah yeah yeah talk about and maybe help on you know. Talk about and maybe help on you know talk about and maybe help on you know helping us making decisions on this one. Helping us making decisions on this one helping us making decisions on this one do we maybe want to keep a free high. Do we maybe want to keep a free high do we maybe want to keep a free high level overview of what is there and you. Level overview of what is there and you level overview of what is there and you know what are the open questions we are. Know what are the open questions we are know what are the open questions we are trying to solve a recent page let's. Trying to solve a recent page let's trying to solve a recent page let's spend more time on the archival. Spend more time on the archival spend more time on the archival proposal yeah I think that yeah like so I guess. Yeah I think that yeah like so I guess yeah good good point uh like the type of yeah good good point uh like the type of. Yeah good good point uh like the type of things we are trying to things we are trying to. Things we are trying to uh uh uh uh big issues I would say that we need uh big issues I would say that we need. Uh big issues I would say that we need to to to uh to kind of converge on uh on the feed. Uh to kind of converge on uh on the feed uh to kind of converge on uh on the feed. Front is front is front is on what type of experience we want to on what type of experience we want to. On what type of experience we want to expose to contract developers when it expose to contract developers when it. Expose to contract developers when it comes to the different markets that that comes to the different markets that that. Comes to the different markets that that exist in the system exist in the system exist in the system. So we have the uh different resource so we have the uh different resource so we have the uh different resource. Types we have a types we have a types we have a um Ledger space we have a compute so. Um Ledger space we have a compute so um Ledger space we have a compute so like uh when when transactions execute. Like uh when when transactions execute like uh when when transactions execute we have a network bandwidth and NBS I. We have a network bandwidth and NBS I we have a network bandwidth and NBS I think in terms of C markets that's. Think in terms of C markets that's think in terms of C markets that's Canada we have other things that are. Canada we have other things that are Canada we have other things that are related more to external systems so like. Related more to external systems so like related more to external systems so like. When people for example when people for example when people for example uh uh uh produce metadata that then then gets. Produce metadata that then then gets produce metadata that then then gets consumed by systems like uh horizon or. Consumed by systems like uh horizon or consumed by systems like uh horizon or sort of an OPC or yeah like um still are. Sort of an OPC or yeah like um still are sort of an OPC or yeah like um still are. Expert in red like uses uh this kind of expert in red like uses uh this kind of expert in red like uses uh this kind of. Of a data stream so like making it that of a data stream so like making it that of a data stream so like making it that. People can just people can just people can just spam those other systems is is part of. Spam those other systems is is part of spam those other systems is is part of the you know in school for for the the. The you know in school for for the the the you know in school for for the the fee schedule. Fee schedule fee schedule um and then what did I forget oh yeah um um and then what did I forget oh yeah um. Um and then what did I forget oh yeah um we have also archives uh what has we have also archives uh what has. We have also archives uh what has basically answered basically answered basically answered. Uh uh uh uh mandatory right like published to uh mandatory right like published to. Uh mandatory right like published to those history archives those history archives. Those history archives so making sure so that people don't use so making sure so that people don't use. So making sure so that people don't use that as they are alternative to that as they are alternative to. That as they are alternative to S3 or you know like S3 or you know like S3 or you know like. Other places that you know when people other places that you know when people other places that you know when people. Can store data if they want want to the can store data if they want want to the can store data if they want want to the. Difference here is that those history difference here is that those history difference here is that those history. Archives are archives are archives are um um um romantic analysis forever after so there. Romantic analysis forever after so there romantic analysis forever after so there. Are some constraints there are some constraints there are some constraints there um and yeah so like the type of problems. Um and yeah so like the type of problems um and yeah so like the type of problems. Around those um this um the the model around those um this um the the model around those um this um the the model. For fees is how do we make it that we for fees is how do we make it that we for fees is how do we make it that we. Can balance usability so right now you can balance usability so right now you can balance usability so right now you. Know people used to do the classic know people used to do the classic know people used to do the classic. System they have system they have system they have a very simple way to think about things. A very simple way to think about things a very simple way to think about things basically you have a base fee for one. Basically you have a base fee for one basically you have a base fee for one operation if your transaction contains. Operation if your transaction contains operation if your transaction contains more than one you just multiply and. More than one you just multiply and more than one you just multiply and that's kind of your your base in a way. That's kind of your your base in a way that's kind of your your base in a way to kind of think think about the you. To kind of think think about the you to kind of think think about the you know in terms of fee and if you want to. Know in terms of fee and if you want to know in terms of fee and if you want to get ahead of other transactions on the. Get ahead of other transactions on the get ahead of other transactions on the network for whatever reason. Network for whatever reason network for whatever reason it just increase your your feeling. It just increase your your feeling it just increase your your feeling that's kind of it right. That's kind of it right that's kind of it right um um um and and and in soroban like the. In soroban like the in soroban like the because of the competition between those because of the competition between those. Because of the competition between those different different different um um um resource types that are open-ended right. Resource types that are open-ended right resource types that are open-ended right. In terms of in terms of in terms of consumption and competition so consumption and competition so. Consumption and competition so um yeah we're going to need um yeah we're going to need. Um yeah we're going to need something a little bit better than that something a little bit better than that. Something a little bit better than that I mean like they're they're like in I mean like they're they're like in. I mean like they're they're like in places like in places like in places like in you know Italian they have. You know Italian they have you know Italian they have uh you know a version of what you can do. Uh you know a version of what you can do uh you know a version of what you can do. Do with these so this is a do with these so this is a do with these so this is a single fee for for everything. Single fee for for everything single fee for for everything um there are like proposals to make it. Um there are like proposals to make it um there are like proposals to make it maybe okay it comes to. Maybe okay it comes to maybe okay it comes to um um um to different resource types but that's. To different resource types but that's to different resource types but that's nothing yet in Italian it is implemented. Nothing yet in Italian it is implemented nothing yet in Italian it is implemented. In other on cases like polkadot I think in other on cases like polkadot I think in other on cases like polkadot I think. [Music] [Music] [Music] but yeah that's why we are kind of but yeah that's why we are kind of. But yeah that's why we are kind of trying to get trying to get trying to get something usable. Okay okay um um um I think that's kind of what I wanted to I think that's kind of what I wanted to. I think that's kind of what I wanted to talk about on the feed from just you talk about on the feed from just you. Talk about on the feed from just you know heads up it's coming know heads up it's coming. Know heads up it's coming let's see and uh yeah we have the next let's see and uh yeah we have the next. Let's see and uh yeah we have the next guarant that I think wanted to give us a guarant that I think wanted to give us a. Guarant that I think wanted to give us a little more updates on last time there little more updates on last time there. Little more updates on last time there was like we started to talk about the was like we started to talk about the. Was like we started to talk about the archive archive archive mechanism that allows to to save space. Mechanism that allows to to save space mechanism that allows to to save space on the on the Ledger. On the on the Ledger on the on the Ledger so that we can keep the network so that we can keep the network. So that we can keep the network as cheap as as possible as cheap as as possible as cheap as as possible. Uh and I think there were a few uh and I think there were a few uh and I think there were a few. Interesting follow-up conversations that interesting follow-up conversations that. Interesting follow-up conversations that also happen uh after that in this Garden. Also happen uh after that in this Garden also happen uh after that in this Garden. Of this goal so of this goal so of this goal so Aaron and give us maybe a Aaron and give us maybe a. Aaron and give us maybe a little a few updates on what's going on little a few updates on what's going on. Little a few updates on what's going on there there there yeah so I guess first I want to talk a. Yeah so I guess first I want to talk a yeah so I guess first I want to talk a little or just have some time for. Little or just have some time for little or just have some time for questions about the interface that we. Questions about the interface that we questions about the interface that we talked about last week and so kind of. Talked about last week and so kind of talked about last week and so kind of just like a high level summary of what. Just like a high level summary of what just like a high level summary of what we went over uh last time is essentially. We went over uh last time is essentially we went over uh last time is essentially. All sort of on uh data has this rent fee all sort of on uh data has this rent fee. All sort of on uh data has this rent fee and this rent balance and this rent balance. And this rent balance um and so every Ledger or periodically um and so every Ledger or periodically. Um and so every Ledger or periodically you have to pay rent for keeping an you have to pay rent for keeping an. You have to pay rent for keeping an entry live on The Ledger and then entry live on The Ledger and then. Entry live on The Ledger and then whenever an entry runs out of its rent whenever an entry runs out of its rent. Whenever an entry runs out of its rent balance it could still be in from The balance it could still be in from The. Balance it could still be in from The Ledger and then sent to the archive and Ledger and then sent to the archive and. Ledger and then sent to the archive and so with that interface we've kind of so with that interface we've kind of. So with that interface we've kind of exposed three different classes of exposed three different classes of. Exposed three different classes of storage uh these kind of three different storage uh these kind of three different. Storage uh these kind of three different types of storage replace uh today what types of storage replace uh today what. Types of storage replace uh today what is currently the storage layer which is is currently the storage layer which is. Is currently the storage layer which is like end dot storage in your smart like end dot storage in your smart. Like end dot storage in your smart contract code and so with these three contract code and so with these three. Contract code and so with these three types of storage Ares we have a unique types of storage Ares we have a unique. Types of storage Ares we have a unique storage which is there's only ever one storage which is there's only ever one. Storage which is there's only ever one version of the entry that exists the version of the entry that exists the. Version of the entry that exists the entry either exists on the bucket list entry either exists on the bucket list. Entry either exists on the bucket list or there's a single version of that or there's a single version of that. Or there's a single version of that entry on the archive but never both entry on the archive but never both. Entry on the archive but never both and this is useful for uh types of data and this is useful for uh types of data. And this is useful for uh types of data that have security concerns such as that have security concerns such as. That have security concerns such as nonsense or certain types of nonsense or certain types of. Nonsense or certain types of authorization where there could be authorization where there could be. Authorization where there could be security risks and issues if you have security risks and issues if you have. Security risks and issues if you have multiple versions of that entry uh that multiple versions of that entry uh that. Multiple versions of that entry uh that could be restored kind of the the use could be restored kind of the the use. Could be restored kind of the the use case here is if you could think about case here is if you could think about. Case here is if you could think about um Implement a nonce where you didn't um Implement a nonce where you didn't. Um Implement a nonce where you didn't have this unique storage guarantee you have this unique storage guarantee you. Have this unique storage guarantee you could find yourself where you have a could find yourself where you have a. Could find yourself where you have a version one of the nonce in the archive version one of the nonce in the archive. Version one of the nonce in the archive of like say value five and then version of like say value five and then version. Of like say value five and then version two of the nonce and the archive with a two of the nonce and the archive with a. Two of the nonce and the archive with a different value and then you can imagine different value and then you can imagine. Different value and then you can imagine how a malicious user could restore those. How a malicious user could restore those how a malicious user could restore those. Entries in such a way that your knots entries in such a way that your knots entries in such a way that your knots. Values out of date and not the correct values out of date and not the correct values out of date and not the correct. Value that should be so that's unique value that should be so that's unique value that should be so that's unique. Data it's more expensive because you data it's more expensive because you data it's more expensive because you. Have to prove that something doesn't have to prove that something doesn't have to prove that something doesn't. Exist in the archive whenever you create exist in the archive whenever you create. Exist in the archive whenever you create something new and so there's a little something new and so there's a little. Something new and so there's a little bit of work that needs to be done so bit of work that needs to be done so. Bit of work that needs to be done so it's the most expensive data type but it's the most expensive data type but. It's the most expensive data type but it's reserved for like those security it's reserved for like those security. It's reserved for like those security and high-risk sort of entries and then and high-risk sort of entries and then. And high-risk sort of entries and then after unique storage we have what's after unique storage we have what's. After unique storage we have what's called recreatable storage which is a called recreatable storage which is a. Called recreatable storage which is a similar in that recreable storage similar in that recreable storage. Similar in that recreable storage entries whenever you run out of rent entries whenever you run out of rent. Entries whenever you run out of rent balance also get sent to the archive the balance also get sent to the archive the. Balance also get sent to the archive the only difference is that recreatable only difference is that recreatable. Only difference is that recreatable storage might have different versions in storage might have different versions in. Storage might have different versions in the archiver multiple different versions. The archiver multiple different versions the archiver multiple different versions. Exists at the same time the reason for exists at the same time the reason for exists at the same time the reason for. This is that whenever you create a this is that whenever you create a this is that whenever you create a. Recreatable storage entry you don't recreatable storage entry you don't recreatable storage entry you don't. Check the archive to see if something check the archive to see if something check the archive to see if something. Already exists there and so say you have already exists there and so say you have. Already exists there and so say you have something like a balance that got something like a balance that got. Something like a balance that got archived and then you go to create a new archived and then you go to create a new. Archived and then you go to create a new version of that after your old key got version of that after your old key got. Version of that after your old key got archived in recreatable storage you archived in recreatable storage you. Archived in recreatable storage you don't check the archive and so you just don't check the archive and so you just. Don't check the archive and so you just create a new entry with the exact same create a new entry with the exact same. Create a new entry with the exact same key and so you have this key collision key and so you have this key collision. Key and so you have this key collision and so that's uh it's a little cheaper and so that's uh it's a little cheaper. And so that's uh it's a little cheaper than unique storage because you don't than unique storage because you don't. Than unique storage because you don't have to check the archive and actually have to check the archive and actually. Have to check the archive and actually show that this entry is unique that show that this entry is unique that. Show that this entry is unique that could be multiple versions of it so it's could be multiple versions of it so it's. Could be multiple versions of it so it's cheaper but it's not appropriate for cheaper but it's not appropriate for. Cheaper but it's not appropriate for security types such as like nonsense or security types such as like nonsense or. Security types such as like nonsense or auth where you don't want multiple auth where you don't want multiple. Auth where you don't want multiple versions and so that's unique storage versions and so that's unique storage. Versions and so that's unique storage and recreatable storage both of which and recreatable storage both of which. And recreatable storage both of which can be archived and then the final type can be archived and then the final type. Can be archived and then the final type of storage is called temporary storage of storage is called temporary storage. Of storage is called temporary storage and this are for short-lived entries and and this are for short-lived entries and. And this are for short-lived entries and so whenever a temporary storage entry so whenever a temporary storage entry. So whenever a temporary storage entry runs out of rent it just gets deleted it runs out of rent it just gets deleted it. Runs out of rent it just gets deleted it doesn't get sent to the archive and so doesn't get sent to the archive and so. Doesn't get sent to the archive and so temporary storage is an appropriate for temporary storage is an appropriate for. Temporary storage is an appropriate for sensitive data that you want to keep sensitive data that you want to keep. Sensitive data that you want to keep around like user balances but can be around like user balances but can be. Around like user balances but can be useful for data types that either don't useful for data types that either don't. Useful for data types that either don't need to live very often like a need to live very often like a. Need to live very often like a short-term authorization to let an short-term authorization to let an. Short-term authorization to let an address spend your funds for instance or address spend your funds for instance or. Address spend your funds for instance or for data types that can be easily for data types that can be easily. For data types that can be easily recreated if they get deleted such as recreated if they get deleted such as. Recreated if they get deleted such as like a payment path or a payment Channel like a payment path or a payment Channel. Like a payment path or a payment Channel or something like that or something like that. Or something like that and so I think and so I think and so I think um now even I think first I just want to. Um now even I think first I just want to um now even I think first I just want to. Open up the floor for questions and to open up the floor for questions and to open up the floor for questions and to. Talk about this kind of like a interface talk about this kind of like a interface. Talk about this kind of like a interface and in particular talk about this like and in particular talk about this like. And in particular talk about this like three-tiered approach and having three three-tiered approach and having three. Three-tiered approach and having three different classes of storage because I different classes of storage because I. Different classes of storage because I know that there's a little controversial know that there's a little controversial. Know that there's a little controversial and it's definitely a little bit more and it's definitely a little bit more. And it's definitely a little bit more complex on the current interface just complex on the current interface just. Complex on the current interface just wondering if there are any questions wondering if there are any questions. Wondering if there are any questions um that uh I do I do have a question if if I can. Uh I do I do have a question if if I can go for it go for it go for it um um um so this is in in my sense this is. So this is in in my sense this is so this is in in my sense this is actually a very good design I like it um. Actually a very good design I like it um actually a very good design I like it um. Excuse me I'm wondering in terms of excuse me I'm wondering in terms of excuse me I'm wondering in terms of. Staging uh this work I I it's quite staging uh this work I I it's quite staging uh this work I I it's quite. Complicated uh and involved in some some complicated uh and involved in some some. Complicated uh and involved in some some quantity of it is going to depend on quantity of it is going to depend on. Quantity of it is going to depend on um um um some pretty big components being built. Some pretty big components being built some pretty big components being built out in terms of the archivers. Out in terms of the archivers out in terms of the archivers um which is fine and and I think we can. Um which is fine and and I think we can um which is fine and and I think we can I think we can do some staging um I'm. I think we can do some staging um I'm I think we can do some staging um I'm I'm I'm. I'm in the sense of you know deploying in the sense of you know deploying in the sense of you know deploying. Versions of zoroban that uh have the versions of zoroban that uh have the versions of zoroban that uh have the. Interface but but you know some of it is interface but but you know some of it is. Interface but but you know some of it is just defined to do nothing at this point. Just defined to do nothing at this point just defined to do nothing at this point. Or that sort of thing or that sort of thing or that sort of thing um um um I'm a little bit concerned about the. I'm a little bit concerned about the I'm a little bit concerned about the unique storage one because unique. Unique storage one because unique unique storage one because unique uh right off the bat has to have these. Uh right off the bat has to have these uh right off the bat has to have these these uh exclusion proofs in order to do. These uh exclusion proofs in order to do these uh exclusion proofs in order to do. Any rights is that correct any rights is that correct any rights is that correct yes I think what we could do is we can. Yes I think what we could do is we can yes I think what we could do is we can still do a staging process right. Still do a staging process right still do a staging process right um and so I think what this would. Um and so I think what this would um and so I think what this would probably look like in practice is. Probably look like in practice is probably look like in practice is whenever we launch sort button we don't. Whenever we launch sort button we don't whenever we launch sort button we don't have the archive built out and so kind. Have the archive built out and so kind have the archive built out and so kind of uh the current plan for you know v0. Of uh the current plan for you know v0 of uh the current plan for you know v0 on launch is to have the interface set. On launch is to have the interface set on launch is to have the interface set so to expose the unique recreable and. So to expose the unique recreable and so to expose the unique recreable and temporary storage entry types to the. Temporary storage entry types to the temporary storage entry types to the user and then to charge rent. User and then to charge rent user and then to charge rent um and so uh the the thing that won't be. Um and so uh the the thing that won't be um and so uh the the thing that won't be. There though is that whenever your rent there though is that whenever your rent there though is that whenever your rent. Balance goes to zero you won't get balance goes to zero you won't get balance goes to zero you won't get. Delayed and you won't get sent to the delayed and you won't get sent to the delayed and you won't get sent to the. Archive because the archive won't be archive because the archive won't be archive because the archive won't be. Built yet right and so I think for built yet right and so I think for built yet right and so I think for. Unique data in particular what we Unique data in particular what we Unique data in particular what we. Probably just want to do is we can still probably just want to do is we can still. Probably just want to do is we can still I think we still should launch uh unique. I think we still should launch uh unique I think we still should launch uh unique. Data and recreable storage data and recreable storage data and recreable storage um just so that contracts can have the. Um just so that contracts can have the um just so that contracts can have the correct Paradigm written at launch but. Correct Paradigm written at launch but correct Paradigm written at launch but what we can do I think at the. What we can do I think at the what we can do I think at the implementation level is just the four uh. Implementation level is just the four uh implementation level is just the four uh. Just special cases right so like before just special cases right so like before just special cases right so like before. We have these proofs we can just say we have these proofs we can just say we have these proofs we can just say. Um essentially like creating unique um essentially like creating unique um essentially like creating unique. Entries does not require proof of entries does not require proof of entries does not require proof of. Exclusion until we actually provide an exclusion until we actually provide an exclusion until we actually provide an. Interface for those proof of exclusions interface for those proof of exclusions interface for those proof of exclusions. That's that's exactly the part I was I that's that's exactly the part I was I that's that's exactly the part I was I. Was asking about is is do you think we was asking about is is do you think we was asking about is is do you think we. Would just sort of make it an optional would just sort of make it an optional would just sort of make it an optional. Field at first and then when we rev the field at first and then when we rev the field at first and then when we rev the. Protocol the optional field has to have protocol the optional field has to have protocol the optional field has to have. A value in it and we'll Define what that a value in it and we'll Define what that. A value in it and we'll Define what that value is in the future well we could do value is in the future well we could do. Value is in the future well we could do that we're actually now that I'm that we're actually now that I'm. That we're actually now that I'm thinking about it um what we could do is thinking about it um what we could do is. Thinking about it um what we could do is just uh zero initialize through cache just uh zero initialize through cache. Just uh zero initialize through cache and say the root archive hash is null and say the root archive hash is null. And say the root archive hash is null and then proof of exclusion become and then proof of exclusion become. And then proof of exclusion become trivial right because if your hash is trivial right because if your hash is. Trivial right because if your hash is null uh then you're guaranteed that it's null uh then you're guaranteed that it's. Null uh then you're guaranteed that it's empty and so I actually think we can empty and so I actually think we can. Empty and so I actually think we can provide proofs of exclusion on day Zero provide proofs of exclusion on day Zero. Provide proofs of exclusion on day Zero actually actually actually um if we just Define the the null hash. Um if we just Define the the null hash um if we just Define the the null hash and so the proof will always be null but. And so the proof will always be null but and so the proof will always be null but. That's about proof if your root hash is that's about proof if your root hash is that's about proof if your root hash is. Null okay the other thing I'm thinking null okay the other thing I'm thinking null okay the other thing I'm thinking. Is that is that is that you want this you want to use uniques you want this you want to use uniques. You want this you want to use uniques for nonsense and uh it seems like we we for nonsense and uh it seems like we we. For nonsense and uh it seems like we we update nonsense quite a lot update nonsense quite a lot. Update nonsense quite a lot um um um and so I'm a little bit concerned about and so I'm a little bit concerned about. And so I'm a little bit concerned about sort of an expensive sort of an expensive. Sort of an expensive operation that involves constructing a operation that involves constructing a. Operation that involves constructing a proof of exclusion proof of exclusion proof of exclusion. Has to has to has to adhere to every every nonce update adhere to every every nonce update. Adhere to every every nonce update certainly I I wonder about the nonsense certainly I I wonder about the nonsense. Certainly I I wonder about the nonsense that are maintained by the auth system that are maintained by the auth system. That are maintained by the auth system maybe Dima could speak to that I think maybe Dima could speak to that I think. Maybe Dima could speak to that I think the third yeah I can I'm sorry if you the third yeah I can I'm sorry if you. The third yeah I can I'm sorry if you don't mind current so I think guaranteed don't mind current so I think guaranteed. Don't mind current so I think guaranteed is using non's example is well just uh is using non's example is well just uh. Is using non's example is well just uh an example of uh why this problem an example of uh why this problem. An example of uh why this problem matters for the built-in nonsense at matters for the built-in nonsense at. Matters for the built-in nonsense at least uh we decided to move forward with least uh we decided to move forward with. Least uh we decided to move forward with a temporary knowns approach or nonsense a temporary knowns approach or nonsense. A temporary knowns approach or nonsense and signatures basically have some time and signatures basically have some time. And signatures basically have some time boundaries and uh certain the temporary boundaries and uh certain the temporary. Boundaries and uh certain the temporary Ledger entries so they don't even run Ledger entries so they don't even run. Ledger entries so they don't even run again again again and uh I would say this should be a. And uh I would say this should be a and uh I would say this should be a preferred approach right like I. Preferred approach right like I preferred approach right like I reiterated this several times in the. Reiterated this several times in the reiterated this several times in the discussions here on Discord that with. Discussions here on Discord that with discussions here on Discord that with the existence of temporary storage it's. The existence of temporary storage it's the existence of temporary storage it's a really good idea to try benefit from. A really good idea to try benefit from a really good idea to try benefit from it and. It and it and try to design for it right like in this try to design for it right like in this. Try to design for it right like in this case of nonsense right we can have this case of nonsense right we can have this. Case of nonsense right we can have this we need to bump it multiple times and we need to bump it multiple times and. We need to bump it multiple times and it's not super convenient and stuff and it's not super convenient and stuff and. It's not super convenient and stuff and I I think the main use case for The I I think the main use case for The. I I think the main use case for The Unique storage is really some admin data Unique storage is really some admin data. Unique storage is really some admin data like you really don't want your admin like you really don't want your admin. Like you really don't want your admin entry to be taken over by someone just entry to be taken over by someone just. Entry to be taken over by someone just because it has expired right you have a because it has expired right you have a. Because it has expired right you have a token contract that you have insured token contract that you have insured. Token contract that you have insured once a year ago and you have never once a year ago and you have never. Once a year ago and you have never touched it but you don't want to wake touched it but you don't want to wake. Touched it but you don't want to wake after a year the rent has expired you after a year the rent has expired you. After a year the rent has expired you don't really want someone else to just don't really want someone else to just. Don't really want someone else to just re-initialize it because the entry has re-initialize it because the entry has. Re-initialize it because the entry has expired so I feel like this is the main expired so I feel like this is the main. Expired so I feel like this is the main use case and this is a really pretty use case and this is a really pretty. Use case and this is a really pretty cold entries if you think about it right cold entries if you think about it right. Cold entries if you think about it right so yeah I think thinking about this a so yeah I think thinking about this a. So yeah I think thinking about this a bit I I I sort of retract my concern bit I I I sort of retract my concern. Bit I I I sort of retract my concern because I think you're right that if if because I think you're right that if if. Because I think you're right that if if the system has a well-defined notion of the system has a well-defined notion of. The system has a well-defined notion of temporary storage with with time limits temporary storage with with time limits. Temporary storage with with time limits on it then you just you just time bound on it then you just you just time bound. On it then you just you just time bound anything that is that is anything that is that is. Anything that is that is you you propagate those time bounds to you you propagate those time bounds to. You you propagate those time bounds to the things that use that storage such the things that use that storage such. The things that use that storage such that they they would they would become that they they would they would become. That they they would they would become invalid at the same moment so I I can invalid at the same moment so I I can. Invalid at the same moment so I I can see that being quite quite a viable see that being quite quite a viable. See that being quite quite a viable approach I like that that's good thank approach I like that that's good thank. Approach I like that that's good thank you I also uh once uh make one you I also uh once uh make one. You I also uh once uh make one additional clarification I think in your additional clarification I think in your. Additional clarification I think in your original question you said oh do you original question you said oh do you. Original question you said oh do you have to like provide a proof of have to like provide a proof of. Have to like provide a proof of exclusion every time you update it and exclusion every time you update it and. Exclusion every time you update it and that's not true uh you only have to that's not true uh you only have to. That's not true uh you only have to provide the proof at creation time provide the proof at creation time. Provide the proof at creation time um and then of course you have to um and then of course you have to. Um and then of course you have to provide proofs if you run out of rent provide proofs if you run out of rent. Provide proofs if you run out of rent and then get sent to the archive uh but and then get sent to the archive uh but. And then get sent to the archive uh but once it's actually live on the bucket once it's actually live on the bucket. Once it's actually live on the bucket list then um it says just as if you're list then um it says just as if you're. List then um it says just as if you're modifying any other entry uh the proofs modifying any other entry uh the proofs. Modifying any other entry uh the proofs only apply if it's not on the bucket only apply if it's not on the bucket. Only apply if it's not on the bucket list or if you're creating something for list or if you're creating something for. List or if you're creating something for the first time and so if it's like um the first time and so if it's like um. The first time and so if it's like um again this is just an example but like again this is just an example but like. Again this is just an example but like if it's a nonsense that's regularly used if it's a nonsense that's regularly used. If it's a nonsense that's regularly used uh then it wouldn't matter it would be uh then it wouldn't matter it would be. Uh then it wouldn't matter it would be very cheap and efficient because it very cheap and efficient because it. Very cheap and efficient because it would never get to the archive okay would never get to the archive okay. Would never get to the archive okay and oh I have one other very minor and oh I have one other very minor. And oh I have one other very minor question uh and this is more of a design question uh and this is more of a design. Question uh and this is more of a design like time to hit the thesaurus uh we like time to hit the thesaurus uh we. Like time to hit the thesaurus uh we already have something in a system already have something in a system. Already have something in a system called an archive uh I I just feel like called an archive uh I I just feel like. Called an archive uh I I just feel like we gotta use a different word for this we gotta use a different word for this. We gotta use a different word for this because it's just gonna it's just gonna because it's just gonna it's just gonna. Because it's just gonna it's just gonna follow up a lot of things that are follow up a lot of things that are. Follow up a lot of things that are already referred our guys yeah maybe already referred our guys yeah maybe. Already referred our guys yeah maybe like deep State source and like the yeah like deep State source and like the yeah. Like deep State source and like the yeah I don't know what you're gonna call it I don't know what you're gonna call it. I don't know what you're gonna call it but maybe maybe not start with deep but maybe maybe not start with deep. But maybe maybe not start with deep state that might be a tough a graveyard yeah a graveyard yeah. Cool so I guess um any other questions cool so I guess um any other questions cool so I guess um any other questions. About specifically the recreatable about specifically the recreatable about specifically the recreatable. Temporary and then unique storage temporary and then unique storage temporary and then unique storage. Interface before you move on interface before you move on interface before you move on. Uh yes I'd like to ask uh yes I'd like to ask uh yes I'd like to ask um why um why. Um why um like is there any reason uh why you um like is there any reason uh why you. Um like is there any reason uh why you don't use something like a bloom filter don't use something like a bloom filter. Don't use something like a bloom filter uh to uh to uh to um to check whether the entry already. Um to check whether the entry already um to check whether the entry already exists in the arch Avenue because uh. Exists in the arch Avenue because uh exists in the arch Avenue because uh given uh given the notion that we have a. Given uh given the notion that we have a given uh given the notion that we have a. Bloom filter of all entries in the bloom filter of all entries in the bloom filter of all entries in the. Archive we can probably archive we can probably archive we can probably avoid having multiple versions of. Avoid having multiple versions of avoid having multiple versions of archived entries and I think having only. Archived entries and I think having only archived entries and I think having only. One version in the archive and one version in the archive and one version in the archive and. Preventing users to recreate preventing users to recreate preventing users to recreate. Some entries that already exist in the some entries that already exist in the some entries that already exist in the. Archive archive archive makes a lot of sense easier makes a lot of sense easier makes a lot of sense easier. Yeah so we definitely investigated this yeah so we definitely investigated this yeah so we definitely investigated this. Um a lot and we tried to find a way if um a lot and we tried to find a way if um a lot and we tried to find a way if. There is a way for validators to store there is a way for validators to store there is a way for validators to store. Keys or to at least have some knowledge keys or to at least have some knowledge keys or to at least have some knowledge. Of what's in the archive I think there's of what's in the archive I think there's. Of what's in the archive I think there's a couple issues there so first um the a couple issues there so first um the. A couple issues there so first um the goal of the archival state is to bound goal of the archival state is to bound. Goal of the archival state is to bound the amount of storage that values need the amount of storage that values need. The amount of storage that values need to store and so if they need to store a to store and so if they need to store a. To store and so if they need to store a key even though that's you know less key even though that's you know less. Key even though that's you know less than storing the entire uh data entry than storing the entire uh data entry. Than storing the entire uh data entry that's still an unbounded storage so that's still an unbounded storage so. That's still an unbounded storage so that's issue number one but I think in that's issue number one but I think in. That's issue number one but I think in particular particular particular um you'd have to have a set of keys that. Um you'd have to have a set of keys that um you'd have to have a set of keys that. Grows unbounded and that's not a great grows unbounded and that's not a great grows unbounded and that's not a great. Solution because especially for sorbonne solution because especially for sorbonne. Solution because especially for sorbonne data types there's a lot of instances data types there's a lot of instances. Data types there's a lot of instances where the key is actually as big or where the key is actually as big or. Where the key is actually as big or larger than the value because if you can larger than the value because if you can. Larger than the value because if you can think like the keys are 32 bytes think like the keys are 32 bytes. Think like the keys are 32 bytes um and I'm not you know super in depth um and I'm not you know super in depth. Um and I'm not you know super in depth at the current sort of implementation so at the current sort of implementation so. At the current sort of implementation so correct me if I'm wrong my understanding. Correct me if I'm wrong my understanding correct me if I'm wrong my understanding. Is keys are 32 bytes but the value for is keys are 32 bytes but the value for is keys are 32 bytes but the value for. Instance could be something as small as instance could be something as small as instance could be something as small as. I can that's only like four bytes or I can that's only like four bytes or I can that's only like four bytes or. Something like that and so I think something like that and so I think something like that and so I think. You're not getting as good cost savings you're not getting as good cost savings you're not getting as good cost savings. As you think if you just store the keys as you think if you just store the keys as you think if you just store the keys. Business set not to your Bloom filter business set not to your Bloom filter business set not to your Bloom filter. Question or if there's a way to store question or if there's a way to store question or if there's a way to store. The keys in a more efficient manner the the keys in a more efficient manner the the keys in a more efficient manner the. Issue with Bloom filters in particular issue with Bloom filters in particular issue with Bloom filters in particular. Is that they don't it's very difficult is that they don't it's very difficult is that they don't it's very difficult. To resize the bloom filter and so if you to resize the bloom filter and so if you. To resize the bloom filter and so if you say I have Unbound State and say okay say I have Unbound State and say okay. Say I have Unbound State and say okay we're going to pick a bloom filter we're going to pick a bloom filter. We're going to pick a bloom filter that's one gigabyte large that's one gigabyte large. That's one gigabyte large um but in 10 years you need a larger um but in 10 years you need a larger. Um but in 10 years you need a larger Bloom filter because you're getting a Bloom filter because you're getting a. Bloom filter because you're getting a lot of collisions and stuff it's lot of collisions and stuff it's. Lot of collisions and stuff it's impossible to just resize that bloom impossible to just resize that bloom. Impossible to just resize that bloom filter without having all the values filter without having all the values. Filter without having all the values because whenever you change the size of because whenever you change the size of. Because whenever you change the size of the bloom filter you have to rehash the bloom filter you have to rehash. The bloom filter you have to rehash everything that you've added to the everything that you've added to the. Everything that you've added to the bloom filter which would not be possible bloom filter which would not be possible. Bloom filter which would not be possible for the validators because they've for the validators because they've. For the validators because they've thrown all those values away and so thrown all those values away and so. Thrown all those values away and so essentially to resize your Bloom filter essentially to resize your Bloom filter. Essentially to resize your Bloom filter have to replay history from the have to replay history from the. Have to replay history from the beginning of time in order to resurface beginning of time in order to resurface. Beginning of time in order to resurface all the values that need to be in that all the values that need to be in that. All the values that need to be in that blend filter and additionally there's blend filter and additionally there's. Blend filter and additionally there's still issues with Bloom filters because still issues with Bloom filters because. Still issues with Bloom filters because they're probabilistic in nature and so they're probabilistic in nature and so. They're probabilistic in nature and so you would still have key collisions you would still have key collisions. You would still have key collisions sometimes or I guess sometimes or I guess sometimes or I guess. Um or not Keyhole rather because they um or not Keyhole rather because they um or not Keyhole rather because they. Only return only return only return um they don't return false Nexus I don't um they don't return false Nexus I don't. Um they don't return false Nexus I don't think but then there'd be certain keys think but then there'd be certain keys. Think but then there'd be certain keys that just based on the probabilistic that just based on the probabilistic. That just based on the probabilistic nature of the bloom filter uh the nature of the bloom filter uh the. Nature of the bloom filter uh the validators would think they're in the validators would think they're in the. Validators would think they're in the archive even though they weren't in the archive even though they weren't in the. Archive even though they weren't in the archive and so that would also be an archive and so that would also be an. Archive and so that would also be an issue where um just based on whatever issue where um just based on whatever. Issue where um just based on whatever your hash function is there'd be certain your hash function is there'd be certain. Your hash function is there'd be certain keys that would essentially be keys that would essentially be. Keys that would essentially be impossible to create because the balloon impossible to create because the balloon. Impossible to create because the balloon filter thinks they already exist when filter thinks they already exist when. Filter thinks they already exist when they really don't they really don't they really don't. Um so that answers your question about um so that answers your question about um so that answers your question about. The the bloom filter issue in particular the the bloom filter issue in particular. The the bloom filter issue in particular the issue in general as well I'm not entirely uh sure that. I'm not entirely uh sure that um the resizing uh issue is uh such a um the resizing uh issue is uh such a. Um the resizing uh issue is uh such a huge problem because uh you have an huge problem because uh you have an. Huge problem because uh you have an archive where you have all the keys archive where you have all the keys. Archive where you have all the keys so once uh in a let's say 10 years it's so once uh in a let's say 10 years it's. So once uh in a let's say 10 years it's possible to organize a resizing using possible to organize a resizing using. Possible to organize a resizing using the archives as a source of all the the archives as a source of all the. The archives as a source of all the existing keys existing keys existing keys and to make like a maintenance for all. And to make like a maintenance for all and to make like a maintenance for all the validators. The validators the validators as for the size of the bloom filter for as for the size of the bloom filter for. As for the size of the bloom filter for example I just checked and one billion example I just checked and one billion. Example I just checked and one billion entries uh entries uh entries uh with a reasonable. With a reasonable with a reasonable um um um false positives like uh Point uh Point uh. 0.1 percent uh 0.1 percent uh 0.1 percent uh probability of false negatives takes. Probability of false negatives takes probability of false negatives takes about two and a half gigabytes so it's. About two and a half gigabytes so it's about two and a half gigabytes so it's not the clutch and it will be enough for. Not the clutch and it will be enough for not the clutch and it will be enough for. The first billion entries uh the first billion entries uh the first billion entries uh. I think it's a reasonable trade-off for I think it's a reasonable trade-off for I think it's a reasonable trade-off for. To avoid to avoid to avoid some other complexities as for the false some other complexities as for the false. Some other complexities as for the false positives case uh I think since you have. Positives case uh I think since you have positives case uh I think since you have. The vehicle tree or some other structure the vehicle tree or some other structure. The vehicle tree or some other structure if it's not set and so on yet then you if it's not set and so on yet then you. If it's not set and so on yet then you can probably check whether their hive can probably check whether their hive. Can probably check whether their hive this is archive contains the given K this is archive contains the given K. This is archive contains the given K give given key if it's uh give given key if it's uh. Give given key if it's uh let's say it can be a resurrected or let's say it can be a resurrected or. Let's say it can be a resurrected or something like this maybe I'm missing something like this maybe I'm missing. Something like this maybe I'm missing something because I haven't think about something because I haven't think about. Something because I haven't think about this this this for quite a long time but do you still think that. Do you still think that using some Bloom filters other using some Bloom filters other. Using some Bloom filters other probabilistic structures won't help to probabilistic structures won't help to. Probabilistic structures won't help to prevent collisions of entries in prevent collisions of entries in. Prevent collisions of entries in archives like maybe there is some other archives like maybe there is some other. Archives like maybe there is some other option option option because yeah this point looks like one. Because yeah this point looks like one because yeah this point looks like one of the most controversial things about. Of the most controversial things about of the most controversial things about the archives to me. The archives to me the archives to me yeah this is a an interesting idea yeah this is a an interesting idea. Yeah this is a an interesting idea actually I think um you mentioned that actually I think um you mentioned that. Actually I think um you mentioned that perhaps use the bloom filter perhaps use the bloom filter. Perhaps use the bloom filter um as like a almost a caching layer for um as like a almost a caching layer for. Um as like a almost a caching layer for efficiency and then efficiency and then efficiency and then. Um using the proofs as kind of like a um using the proofs as kind of like a um using the proofs as kind of like a. Back end in case you get a false back end in case you get a false back end in case you get a false. Positive I'm still not 100 sure if the positive I'm still not 100 sure if the positive I'm still not 100 sure if the. False positive case can be avoided right false positive case can be avoided right. False positive case can be avoided right because say like uh from uh this would because say like uh from uh this would. Because say like uh from uh this would be very frustrating from a user be very frustrating from a user. Be very frustrating from a user standpoint say I have a key standpoint say I have a key. Standpoint say I have a key um or like there's some like um or like there's some like. Um or like there's some like deterministic way to like Define cues deterministic way to like Define cues. Deterministic way to like Define cues right so like I give my address right so like I give my address. Right so like I give my address um and then like the address is input um and then like the address is input. Um and then like the address is input that generates that generates that generates. Um the keys for entries associated with um the keys for entries associated with um the keys for entries associated with. My account right like in a token my account right like in a token my account right like in a token. Contract contract contract if one of those keys is a false positive if one of those keys is a false positive. If one of those keys is a false positive then you just won't be able to create then you just won't be able to create. Then you just won't be able to create any entries uh based on your uh any entries uh based on your uh. Any entries uh based on your uh your the invoker address right and so I your the invoker address right and so I. Your the invoker address right and so I don't know if there's a way if you get a don't know if there's a way if you get a. Don't know if there's a way if you get a false positive to somehow track the false positive to somehow track the. False positive to somehow track the archive and say oh actually that wasn't archive and say oh actually that wasn't. Archive and say oh actually that wasn't a false positive it really is it really a false positive it really is it really. A false positive it really is it really doesn't exist I promise doesn't exist I promise. Doesn't exist I promise um and so I'm not sure um and so I'm not sure um and so I'm not sure. If there is a way to get around that if there is a way to get around that if there is a way to get around that. Case because I think like even if you case because I think like even if you case because I think like even if you. Say like a reasonable false positive say like a reasonable false positive say like a reasonable false positive. Rate like a 0.1 percent that still means rate like a 0.1 percent that still means. Rate like a 0.1 percent that still means that one out of I think a thousand Keys that one out of I think a thousand Keys. That one out of I think a thousand Keys um or maybe a ten thousand keys I might um or maybe a ten thousand keys I might. Um or maybe a ten thousand keys I might be off by zero or something there but be off by zero or something there but. Be off by zero or something there but essentially like one of the Thousand essentially like one of the Thousand. Essentially like one of the Thousand Keys Keys Keys um you'll think it's in the archive when. Um you'll think it's in the archive when um you'll think it's in the archive when. It really isn't which means that you are it really isn't which means that you are. It really isn't which means that you are not allowed to create one of the not allowed to create one of the. Not allowed to create one of the thousand one out of a thousand Keys thousand one out of a thousand Keys. Thousand one out of a thousand Keys which I feel like could be a really which I feel like could be a really. Which I feel like could be a really significant issue from the user significant issue from the user. Significant issue from the user interface perspective do you think uh that uh the time of. Do you think uh that uh the time of checking the existence of the key uh checking the existence of the key uh. Checking the existence of the key uh over the Merkel tree or the miracle over the Merkel tree or the miracle. Over the Merkel tree or the miracle trios or the structure you plan to use trios or the structure you plan to use. Trios or the structure you plan to use for uh uh archive proofs uh it's like for uh uh archive proofs uh it's like. For uh uh archive proofs uh it's like um um um a really huge time like seconds minutes. A really huge time like seconds minutes a really huge time like seconds minutes uh or even more because if it's. Uh or even more because if it's uh or even more because if it's relatively small then. Relatively small then relatively small then checking checking checking checking the existence only for. Checking the existence only for checking the existence only for conflicting entries and uh you will be. Conflicting entries and uh you will be conflicting entries and uh you will be checking computer and entries only when. Checking computer and entries only when checking computer and entries only when someone tries to create already existing. Someone tries to create already existing someone tries to create already existing. Entry which entry which entry which actually I shouldn't be as uh as uh often uh operation so uh like. Uh as uh often uh operation so uh like what are the time requirements for what are the time requirements for. What are the time requirements for checking against the try checking against the try. Checking against the try also I think uh one uh clarification also I think uh one uh clarification. Also I think uh one uh clarification here is that you can't just track here is that you can't just track. Here is that you can't just track against the archive directly because the against the archive directly because the. Against the archive directly because the archivers don't participate in consensus. Archivers don't participate in consensus archivers don't participate in consensus. And are not validators uh they are off and are not validators uh they are off and are not validators uh they are off. Chain right and so you can't just like chain right and so you can't just like chain right and so you can't just like. Search through the tree brute force and search through the tree brute force and search through the tree brute force and. Trust that the contents are correct so trust that the contents are correct so trust that the contents are correct so. There has to be some way for the there has to be some way for the there has to be some way for the. Archivers to give a proof to validators archivers to give a proof to validators archivers to give a proof to validators. That the validators can then validate that the validators can then validate that the validators can then validate. Themselves and so I think that's why themselves and so I think that's why themselves and so I think that's why. Part of the reason we're using this try part of the reason we're using this try part of the reason we're using this try. Model where we can get both proofs of model where we can get both proofs of model where we can get both proofs of. Explosion pros of inclusion because I explosion pros of inclusion because I explosion pros of inclusion because I. Think um the difference between this think um the difference between this think um the difference between this. Case and the Ubuntu case is that in the case and the Ubuntu case is that in the case and the Ubuntu case is that in the. Ubuntu case you can trust the uh the Ubuntu case you can trust the uh the Ubuntu case you can trust the uh the. Archive in our case we can't trust the archive in our case we can't trust the archive in our case we can't trust the. Archive we have to have some proof via archive we have to have some proof via archive we have to have some proof via. Like a hash or something and so like a hash or something and so like a hash or something and so. I'm still I think I think it could be I'm still I think I think it could be I'm still I think I think it could be. Interesting this Bloom filter approach interesting this Bloom filter approach interesting this Bloom filter approach. If we can if we can if we can do the bloom filter do the bloom filter do the bloom filter. Um and then if there's a collision maybe um and then if there's a collision maybe. Um and then if there's a collision maybe um say even though there's a collision um say even though there's a collision. Um say even though there's a collision in the bloom filter I'm going to go and in the bloom filter I'm going to go and. In the bloom filter I'm going to go and get a proof of exclusion get a proof of exclusion. Get a proof of exclusion um and that would perhaps make it more um and that would perhaps make it more. Um and that would perhaps make it more efficient and mean that in most cases efficient and mean that in most cases. Efficient and mean that in most cases you can get away with creating entries you can get away with creating entries. You can get away with creating entries without a perfect exclusion without a perfect exclusion. Without a perfect exclusion um um um but I'm still not sure what that would but I'm still not sure what that would. But I'm still not sure what that would look like I guess maybe what we could do look like I guess maybe what we could do. Look like I guess maybe what we could do is you create your entry you check the is you create your entry you check the. Is you create your entry you check the bloom filter and then if you get an bloom filter and then if you get an. Bloom filter and then if you get an error on the bloom filter then you go error on the bloom filter then you go. Error on the bloom filter then you go try to get proof of exclusion and if try to get proof of exclusion and if. Try to get proof of exclusion and if there's a valid proof of exclusion on there's a valid proof of exclusion on. There's a valid proof of exclusion on chain that can override the bloom filter chain that can override the bloom filter. Chain that can override the bloom filter that might be an interesting that might be an interesting. That might be an interesting optimization optimization optimization um but um but. Um but I guess that's second point I guess that's second point I guess that's second point. For explanation I don't want to steal for explanation I don't want to steal for explanation I don't want to steal. The time uh it's definitely um like I I need to make more research um like I I need to make more research. On this and probably we should get back on this and probably we should get back on this and probably we should get back. On this in that sales matter to to on this in that sales matter to to on this in that sales matter to to. Instill the time instill the time instill the time uh on this question here thanks for the. Uh on this question here thanks for the uh on this question here thanks for the explanation yeah I think that's a I. Explanation yeah I think that's a I explanation yeah I think that's a I think it's definitely an interesting. Think it's definitely an interesting think it's definitely an interesting idea that's definitely worth pursuing um. Idea that's definitely worth pursuing um idea that's definitely worth pursuing um. I guess one question I would ask is I guess one question I would ask is I guess one question I would ask is. Under this proposal of the bloom filter under this proposal of the bloom filter under this proposal of the bloom filter. And whatnot this would make all data and whatnot this would make all data and whatnot this would make all data. Unique data and so I'm wondering if unique data and so I'm wondering if unique data and so I'm wondering if. There are use cases where a user might there are use cases where a user might there are use cases where a user might. Actually want data to be recreatable uh actually want data to be recreatable uh actually want data to be recreatable uh. So thinking of the balanced use case I'm so thinking of the balanced use case I'm. So thinking of the balanced use case I'm thinking like is there ever a scenario thinking like is there ever a scenario. Thinking like is there ever a scenario where it's actually an advantage to have where it's actually an advantage to have. Where it's actually an advantage to have multiple different versions multiple different versions. Multiple different versions um as opposed to only having this strict um as opposed to only having this strict. Um as opposed to only having this strict um one uh unique key um one uh unique key. Um one uh unique key um per archive per bucket list so I'm um per archive per bucket list so I'm. Um per archive per bucket list so I'm thinking like for instance in the thinking like for instance in the. Thinking like for instance in the case of balances where the multiple case of balances where the multiple. Case of balances where the multiple different versions of the balance can different versions of the balance can. Different versions of the balance can just be summed together just be summed together. Just be summed together is that a Advantage is that a Advantage is that a Advantage. Um and is there like a do we still want um and is there like a do we still want um and is there like a do we still want. To expose a repradable storage interface to expose a repradable storage interface. To expose a repradable storage interface so you can be even faster and I guess so you can be even faster and I guess. So you can be even faster and I guess like not have to do this like Bloom like not have to do this like Bloom. Like not have to do this like Bloom filter check not because of exclusion filter check not because of exclusion. Filter check not because of exclusion all that sort of stuff or is like a all that sort of stuff or is like a. All that sort of stuff or is like a strict guarantee one key no collisions strict guarantee one key no collisions. Strict guarantee one key no collisions um powerful and that we shouldn't expose um powerful and that we shouldn't expose. Um powerful and that we shouldn't expose this interface at all to tell the truth from my experience. To tell the truth from my experience there is uh probably a known cases when there is uh probably a known cases when. There is uh probably a known cases when you need several versions of the same you need several versions of the same. You need several versions of the same major entry major entry major entry in most cases it's even a destructive. In most cases it's even a destructive in most cases it's even a destructive problem right because. Problem right because problem right because creating an account or something else. Creating an account or something else creating an account or something else may may. May [Music] [Music] [Music] be a huge problem be a huge problem be a huge problem. I I I'd say that the I I I'd say that the I I I'd say that the use case for uh use case for uh. Use case for uh like optional recreating uh like optional recreating uh like optional recreating uh. Or maintaining several versions of the or maintaining several versions of the or maintaining several versions of the. Same Ledger entry is a rather and I haven't and I haven't seen any use cases for this. Seen any use cases for this seen any use cases for this and just one question that basically. And just one question that basically and just one question that basically from the contract. From the contract from the contract to host interface tend to point like to host interface tend to point like. To host interface tend to point like there is no version in any Video Edit to there is no version in any Video Edit to. There is no version in any Video Edit to kind of work around some issues in the kind of work around some issues in the. Kind of work around some issues in the current approach but in general the current approach but in general the. Current approach but in general the interfaces that like you put something interfaces that like you put something. Interfaces that like you put something into storage and it will stay there into storage and it will stay there. Into storage and it will stay there quote unquote forever or you know you quote unquote forever or you know you. Quote unquote forever or you know you put it into Temp Storage then it will put it into Temp Storage then it will. Put it into Temp Storage then it will be removed after a certain time period be removed after a certain time period. Be removed after a certain time period but you know like even from the period but you know like even from the period. But you know like even from the period is interface standpoint seriously no is interface standpoint seriously no. Is interface standpoint seriously no case for this multiple entry versions case for this multiple entry versions. Case for this multiple entry versions and uh I think the main reason they are and uh I think the main reason they are. And uh I think the main reason they are thinking of hiding it is just to kind of thinking of hiding it is just to kind of. Thinking of hiding it is just to kind of save some time and cost just to be able save some time and cost just to be able. Save some time and cost just to be able to quickly create entries without proof to quickly create entries without proof. To quickly create entries without proof of Proof Set exclusion but it's more of Proof Set exclusion but it's more. Of Proof Set exclusion but it's more like an implementation detail that like an implementation detail that. Like an implementation detail that unfortunately the contract writers would unfortunately the contract writers would. Unfortunately the contract writers would need to worry about in some cases versus. Need to worry about in some cases versus need to worry about in some cases versus. Like you know something is there things like you know something is there things like you know something is there things. That can be used as a feature or the that can be used as a feature or the that can be used as a feature or the. Contractor correct like if you need any contractor correct like if you need any contractor correct like if you need any. Sort of person you can build it yourself sort of person you can build it yourself. Sort of person you can build it yourself using just or as key so what not so I'm using just or as key so what not so I'm. Using just or as key so what not so I'm pretty sure there is no legitimate case pretty sure there is no legitimate case. Pretty sure there is no legitimate case for recreatable storage Beyond it like for recreatable storage Beyond it like. For recreatable storage Beyond it like or requirements to the scalability or requirements to the scalability. Or requirements to the scalability um um um yeah yeah like maybe I can add that yeah yeah like maybe I can add that. Yeah yeah like maybe I can add that the reason the reason the reason right now the the reason we are looking. Right now the the reason we are looking right now the the reason we are looking at this recruitable storage. At this recruitable storage at this recruitable storage is is is that we have token balances that are. That we have token balances that are that we have token balances that are interestingly. Interestingly interestingly uh one of the kind of uh primary use uh one of the kind of uh primary use. Uh one of the kind of uh primary use cases for fast at all right and uh cases for fast at all right and uh. Cases for fast at all right and uh if we don't have recreatable if we don't have recreatable. If we don't have recreatable storage we basically have either storage we basically have either. Storage we basically have either Temporaries right uh entries which for Temporaries right uh entries which for. Temporaries right uh entries which for balance is a no-go balance is a no-go balance is a no-go. Or going with those unique uh entries or going with those unique uh entries or going with those unique uh entries. And for that uh you need troops and for that uh you need troops and for that uh you need troops. Uh to create the balance so the cost of uh to create the balance so the cost of uh to create the balance so the cost of. An overhead of an overhead of an overhead of uh just kind of setting up your wallet. Uh just kind of setting up your wallet uh just kind of setting up your wallet becomes uh. Becomes uh becomes uh uh you know quite quite big for any new uh you know quite quite big for any new. Uh you know quite quite big for any new token that's kind of the the problem token that's kind of the the problem. Token that's kind of the the problem here is that um here is that um here is that um. I think the overhead of proofs is I think the overhead of proofs is I think the overhead of proofs is. Probably acceptable the first time you probably acceptable the first time you probably acceptable the first time you. Kind of create your own wallet on your kind of create your own wallet on your kind of create your own wallet on your. On the network on the network on the network but anytime you add a balance for any. But anytime you add a balance for any but anytime you add a balance for any token. Token token it seems it seems it seems that uh having this overhead is kind of that uh having this overhead is kind of. That uh having this overhead is kind of too much too much too much um but yeah maybe we that's kind of part. Um but yeah maybe we that's kind of part um but yeah maybe we that's kind of part. Of this discussion right to see you know of this discussion right to see you know. Of this discussion right to see you know are we wrong here are we wrong here are we wrong here. Yeah so I guess the the trade-off and yeah so I guess the the trade-off and yeah so I guess the the trade-off and. With the bloom filter approach where um with the bloom filter approach where um with the bloom filter approach where um. You know and let's just put aside like you know and let's just put aside like you know and let's just put aside like. The uh resizing and migration issues for the uh resizing and migration issues for. The uh resizing and migration issues for now but the bloom filter approach all now but the bloom filter approach all. Now but the bloom filter approach all data is unique data is unique data is unique. Um but the false positive uh rate is the um but the false positive uh rate is the. Um but the false positive uh rate is the percentage of the time that you will percentage of the time that you will. Percentage of the time that you will need to provide a proof of exclusion for need to provide a proof of exclusion for. Need to provide a proof of exclusion for creating new entry and so let's just I creating new entry and so let's just I. Creating new entry and so let's just I guess the trade-off is everything is guess the trade-off is everything is. Guess the trade-off is everything is unique and the interface is easier but unique and the interface is easier but. Unique and the interface is easier but one out of a thousand Creations are very one out of a thousand Creations are very. One out of a thousand Creations are very slow and require process of create slow and require process of create. Slow and require process of create precept explosion whereas if we have precept explosion whereas if we have. Precept explosion whereas if we have unique data and recreatable data then unique data and recreatable data then. Unique data and recreatable data then the unique data is guaranteed to always the unique data is guaranteed to always. The unique data is guaranteed to always be slow but the recreatable data is be slow but the recreatable data is. Be slow but the recreatable data is guaranteed to always be fast and so I guaranteed to always be fast and so I. Guaranteed to always be fast and so I guess the trade-off is do we want guess the trade-off is do we want. Guess the trade-off is do we want um all data to be fast most of the time um all data to be fast most of the time. Um all data to be fast most of the time or all data creation to be fast most of or all data creation to be fast most of. Or all data creation to be fast most of the time and sometimes to be really slow the time and sometimes to be really slow. The time and sometimes to be really slow for the easier user interface or have a for the easier user interface or have a. For the easier user interface or have a more complex user interface where one more complex user interface where one. More complex user interface where one type of data is always slow to create type of data is always slow to create. Type of data is always slow to create and one type of data is guaranteed and one type of data is guaranteed. And one type of data is guaranteed always fast to create I guess that's the always fast to create I guess that's the. Always fast to create I guess that's the the fundamental trade-off at least in my. The fundamental trade-off at least in my the fundamental trade-off at least in my. Mind and that sounds about right like the and that sounds about right like the thing about the blue tilt the other is. Thing about the blue tilt the other is thing about the blue tilt the other is that if in the context of like a balance. That if in the context of like a balance that if in the context of like a balance. Right right right the ID the the key right of that balance the ID the the key right of that balance. The ID the the key right of that balance is actually deterministic is actually deterministic. Is actually deterministic so as it's deterministic it becomes kind so as it's deterministic it becomes kind. So as it's deterministic it becomes kind of um attackable of um attackable of um attackable. Uh unless we can come up with like a uh unless we can come up with like a uh unless we can come up with like a. Cryptographic uh you know Broomfield of cryptographic uh you know Broomfield of cryptographic uh you know Broomfield of. Sorts uh it's it's very easy to sorts uh it's it's very easy to sorts uh it's it's very easy to. Basically basically basically you know cause certain keys to be uh to you know cause certain keys to be uh to. You know cause certain keys to be uh to have complex in the boom filter and then have complex in the boom filter and then. Have complex in the boom filter and then you're kind of back to you're kind of back to. You're kind of back to that you know even though it's one in a that you know even though it's one in a. That you know even though it's one in a thousand you know if you're the one that thousand you know if you're the one that. Thousand you know if you're the one that is always hit by the is always hit by the. Is always hit by the by the one uh it kind of sucks by the one uh it kind of sucks. By the one uh it kind of sucks uh what if uh we utilize uh B tree index uh what if uh we utilize uh B tree index. Uh what if uh we utilize uh B tree index uh or some other index or like uh uh or some other index or like uh. Uh or some other index or like uh database uh actually doing this database uh actually doing this. Database uh actually doing this and besides that the index itself can and besides that the index itself can. And besides that the index itself can reside uh on the disk and uh reside uh on the disk and uh. Reside uh on the disk and uh uh the Fast Cash can be implemented uh uh the Fast Cash can be implemented uh. Uh the Fast Cash can be implemented uh using the bloom filter and the actual using the bloom filter and the actual. Using the bloom filter and the actual track will be carried over the index for track will be carried over the index for. Track will be carried over the index for example B3 index database handle this database handle this. I mean the issue with an index is we're I mean the issue with an index is we're I mean the issue with an index is we're. Getting to that issue where if we have getting to that issue where if we have getting to that issue where if we have. Any deterministic index like that we any deterministic index like that we any deterministic index like that we. Need to store the keys right need to store the keys right need to store the keys right. Um and then we have that same issue of um and then we have that same issue of um and then we have that same issue of. Unbalanced State growth and especially unbalanced State growth and especially unbalanced State growth and especially. Restore upon data where the keys can restore upon data where the keys can restore upon data where the keys can. Sometimes be significantly larger to the sometimes be significantly larger to the. Sometimes be significantly larger to the value so value so value so I think any like deterministic data. I think any like deterministic data I think any like deterministic data structure we can't get back into that. Structure we can't get back into that structure we can't get back into that issue of we have unbalanced State versus. Issue of we have unbalanced State versus issue of we have unbalanced State versus. Defeats the purpose of the archive in defeats the purpose of the archive in defeats the purpose of the archive in. The first place the first place the first place yeah I I just want to remind way yeah I I just want to remind way. Yeah I I just want to remind way basically we still need to maintain basically we still need to maintain. Basically we still need to maintain consensus and we cannot just like consensus and we cannot just like. Consensus and we cannot just like randomly update boom shooter for example randomly update boom shooter for example. Randomly update boom shooter for example right it has to be a part of consensus right it has to be a part of consensus. Right it has to be a part of consensus so it would need to come up with some so it would need to come up with some. So it would need to come up with some way to Hash it quickly and add it to the way to Hash it quickly and add it to the. Way to Hash it quickly and add it to the CP values and make sure it's archived CP values and make sure it's archived. CP values and make sure it's archived properly you know properly you know properly you know. Significant amount of work and uh significant amount of work and uh significant amount of work and uh. I mean I mean I mean you could say that the keys are stroke you could say that the keys are stroke. You could say that the keys are stroke in The Ledger forever and then you build in The Ledger forever and then you build. In The Ledger forever and then you build some sort of index on them blockchain some sort of index on them blockchain. Some sort of index on them blockchain but then you know yeah it kind of no but then you know yeah it kind of no. But then you know yeah it kind of no longer fulfills the requirement of longer fulfills the requirement of. Longer fulfills the requirement of having having having limited Venture state cross which we. Limited Venture state cross which we limited Venture state cross which we wanted to fulfill so it's kind of an. Wanted to fulfill so it's kind of an wanted to fulfill so it's kind of an issue and yeah that for what source like. Issue and yeah that for what source like issue and yeah that for what source like. It was my first city as well like what it was my first city as well like what it was my first city as well like what. If we just throw keys in The Ledger but if we just throw keys in The Ledger but if we just throw keys in The Ledger but. Yeah that unfortunately kind of doesn't yeah that unfortunately kind of doesn't yeah that unfortunately kind of doesn't. Scale as well scale as well scale as well yeah so I think I think the um Bloom yeah so I think I think the um Bloom. Yeah so I think I think the um Bloom filter with a proof of exclusion filter with a proof of exclusion. Filter with a proof of exclusion fallback for false positives it's an fallback for false positives it's an. Fallback for false positives it's an interesting idea um I think we probably interesting idea um I think we probably. Interesting idea um I think we probably have some technical homework to do there have some technical homework to do there. Have some technical homework to do there um so I think it's all right for um so I think it's all right for. Um so I think it's all right for everyone to move on to the second everyone to move on to the second. Everyone to move on to the second um topic I'm not hearing any objection Celtic as. I'm not hearing any objection Celtic as yes so kind of slipping away from the yes so kind of slipping away from the. Yes so kind of slipping away from the user interface now talking about how the user interface now talking about how the. User interface now talking about how the archiver interface will be set up and so. Archiver interface will be set up and so archiver interface will be set up and so. Currently currently currently um there are kind of like two proposals um there are kind of like two proposals. Um there are kind of like two proposals um one where we have an archive um one where we have an archive. Um one where we have an archive interface that's a functions similar to interface that's a functions similar to. Interface that's a functions similar to capture how Horizon functions now where capture how Horizon functions now where. Capture how Horizon functions now where you go to a specific archiver you have you go to a specific archiver you have. You go to a specific archiver you have some URL endpoint and then you uh query some URL endpoint and then you uh query. Some URL endpoint and then you uh query that endpoint with the keys you want to that endpoint with the keys you want to. That endpoint with the keys you want to be archived be archived be archived um and so this is like a a model similar. Um and so this is like a a model similar um and so this is like a a model similar. To what we have today with Verizon some to what we have today with Verizon some to what we have today with Verizon some. Of the pros there's pros and cons uh of the pros there's pros and cons uh of the pros there's pros and cons uh. What are the cons that you have to have what are the cons that you have to have what are the cons that you have to have. Like a personal relationship or at least like a personal relationship or at least. Like a personal relationship or at least know an archiver to go to know an archiver to go to. Know an archiver to go to um and then it's not super clear how we um and then it's not super clear how we. Um and then it's not super clear how we could incentivize or monetize this sort could incentivize or monetize this sort. Could incentivize or monetize this sort of interface perhaps you would have to of interface perhaps you would have to. Of interface perhaps you would have to like pay a monthly subscription to the like pay a monthly subscription to the. Like pay a monthly subscription to the archive or perhaps you'd have some uh archive or perhaps you'd have some uh. Archive or perhaps you'd have some uh relationship where you like pay your relationship where you like pay your. Relationship where you like pay your archive or per entry lookup or something archive or per entry lookup or something. Archive or per entry lookup or something like that but it's not super clear how like that but it's not super clear how. Like that but it's not super clear how we incentivize people actually brought we incentivize people actually brought. We incentivize people actually brought in archivers in this setup so the second in archivers in this setup so the second. In archivers in this setup so the second scenario is where we have kind of scenario is where we have kind of. Scenario is where we have kind of um what I'm referring to as the archive um what I'm referring to as the archive. Um what I'm referring to as the archive miners uh kind of stealing the minor miners uh kind of stealing the minor. Miners uh kind of stealing the minor terminology from Bitcoin terminology from Bitcoin. Terminology from Bitcoin um so essentially how this would work um so essentially how this would work. Um so essentially how this would work is instead of acquiring an archiver is instead of acquiring an archiver. Is instead of acquiring an archiver directly whenever you need a proof you directly whenever you need a proof you. Directly whenever you need a proof you submit a proof request submit a proof request. Submit a proof request um on chain now this could either be um on chain now this could either be. Um on chain now this could either be implemented at the protocol level where implemented at the protocol level where. Implemented at the protocol level where proof request is an operation or this proof request is an operation or this. Proof request is an operation or this might also be able to be implemented by might also be able to be implemented by. Might also be able to be implemented by like a first party smart contract but like a first party smart contract but. Like a first party smart contract but that's not really important right now that's not really important right now. That's not really important right now but essentially you would just submit an but essentially you would just submit an. But essentially you would just submit an operation that requests an archival operation that requests an archival. Operation that requests an archival proof and then by submitting this proof and then by submitting this. Proof and then by submitting this operation you'd submit meta information operation you'd submit meta information. Operation you'd submit meta information that archivers could then adjust and that archivers could then adjust and. That archivers could then adjust and that's how the archivers would know that's how the archivers would know. That's how the archivers would know about the requests and as part of this about the requests and as part of this. About the requests and as part of this operation you would say the key you want operation you would say the key you want. Operation you would say the key you want to be proven the type of proof select to be proven the type of proof select. To be proven the type of proof select proof of inclusion proof exclusion and proof of inclusion proof exclusion and. Proof of inclusion proof exclusion and then also a reward and this reward would then also a reward and this reward would. Then also a reward and this reward would be variable and you would be uh the uh be variable and you would be uh the uh. Be variable and you would be uh the uh would be at the user's discretion as to would be at the user's discretion as to. Would be at the user's discretion as to what to set this reward to and then this what to set this reward to and then this. What to set this reward to and then this operation this request would go on chain. Operation this request would go on chain operation this request would go on chain. And the metal would be a submit and so and the metal would be a submit and so and the metal would be a submit and so. An archival within Injustice meta and an archival within Injustice meta and an archival within Injustice meta and. Then pick what um then pick what um then pick what um requests they want to service and so. Requests they want to service and so requests they want to service and so they could reservice the request that. They could reservice the request that they could reservice the request that has the highest reward first. Has the highest reward first has the highest reward first um and then they construct the proof. Um and then they construct the proof um and then they construct the proof with the information that they store and. With the information that they store and with the information that they store and. Then they submit the proof another then they submit the proof another then they submit the proof another. Operation and then the proof itself uh operation and then the proof itself uh operation and then the proof itself uh. Becomes an entry on The Ledger and so becomes an entry on The Ledger and so becomes an entry on The Ledger and so. Once that proof has been submitted and once that proof has been submitted and once that proof has been submitted and. Validated and the proof is on Ledger validated and the proof is on Ledger validated and the proof is on Ledger. Then the proof or the proof request is then the proof or the proof request is then the proof or the proof request is. Deleted and the reward is given to deleted and the reward is given to deleted and the reward is given to. Whoever submitted the correct archival whoever submitted the correct archival whoever submitted the correct archival. Proof first and so this is um I think a proof first and so this is um I think a proof first and so this is um I think a. Better interface because it has a better interface because it has a better interface because it has a. Clearly defined incentive structure and clearly defined incentive structure and clearly defined incentive structure and. Also doesn't require any personal also doesn't require any personal also doesn't require any personal. Relationships with an archiver and so relationships with an archiver and so relationships with an archiver and so. You don't have to have a URL that you you don't have to have a URL that you you don't have to have a URL that you. Talk to or you don't have to have a talk to or you don't have to have a talk to or you don't have to have a. Relationship with some company that you relationship with some company that you relationship with some company that you. Pay monthly to pay some subscription fee pay monthly to pay some subscription fee. Pay monthly to pay some subscription fee in order to access the archive it also in order to access the archive it also. In order to access the archive it also allows archivers to freely allows archivers to freely. Allows archivers to freely um enter and exit the network as they um enter and exit the network as they. Um enter and exit the network as they please and also by having a variable please and also by having a variable. Please and also by having a variable reward that the user can set you can reward that the user can set you can. Reward that the user can set you can also have essentially like a built-in also have essentially like a built-in. Also have essentially like a built-in supply and demand Dynamics where that supply and demand Dynamics where that. Supply and demand Dynamics where that price fluctuates over time depending on price fluctuates over time depending on. Price fluctuates over time depending on how many um people want to restore how many um people want to restore. How many um people want to restore archived entries and how many archivers archived entries and how many archivers. Archived entries and how many archivers want to service archives and so I guess want to service archives and so I guess. Want to service archives and so I guess uh generally speaking what are your uh generally speaking what are your. Uh generally speaking what are your thoughts on the two approaches um and thoughts on the two approaches um and. Thoughts on the two approaches um and kind of the leading approach being this kind of the leading approach being this. Kind of the leading approach being this I'm submitting uh proof request to the I'm submitting uh proof request to the. I'm submitting uh proof request to the chain and then having archivers uh read chain and then having archivers uh read. Chain and then having archivers uh read the chain and then um submit the proofs the chain and then um submit the proofs. The chain and then um submit the proofs how do we feel about that have you ever speak. Have you ever speak um let's see so like the the thing I'm um let's see so like the the thing I'm. Um let's see so like the the thing I'm thinking of right in terms of like thinking of right in terms of like. Thinking of right in terms of like uh meaningful viable product I'm uh meaningful viable product I'm. Uh meaningful viable product I'm thinking the having a way to talk thinking the having a way to talk. Thinking the having a way to talk directly to archives is is kind of a directly to archives is is kind of a. Directly to archives is is kind of a uh foolproof uh foolproof uh foolproof um um. Um the uh the approach where you use the the uh the approach where you use the the uh the approach where you use the. On-chain state on-chain state on-chain state um uh I think I mean it's I think there. Um uh I think I mean it's I think there um uh I think I mean it's I think there is like good potential there I think. Is like good potential there I think is like good potential there I think it's uh it's going to be fairly tricky. It's uh it's going to be fairly tricky it's uh it's going to be fairly tricky to get this right uh the reason being. To get this right uh the reason being to get this right uh the reason being that basically. That basically that basically um um um your so you have your so you have your so you have. Um you're not creating like intrinsic um you're not creating like intrinsic um you're not creating like intrinsic. Value right to certain transactions value right to certain transactions value right to certain transactions. Uh that are being published on the uh that are being published on the uh that are being published on the. Overlay and therefore a overlay and therefore a overlay and therefore a [Music] [Music]. [Music] like a board of source right can can like a board of source right can can. Like a board of source right can can look at this overlay traffic and look at this overlay traffic and. Look at this overlay traffic and don't run take the data right that is don't run take the data right that is. Don't run take the data right that is the primage right the proof the primage right the proof. The primage right the proof and from the uh the archival that and from the uh the archival that. And from the uh the archival that actually did the work actually did the work actually did the work. And benefit from the academy so I think and benefit from the academy so I think and benefit from the academy so I think. There is like an interesting problem there is like an interesting problem there is like an interesting problem. There to solve there to solve there to solve in terms of like how can you safely in terms of like how can you safely. In terms of like how can you safely uh uh disclose the uh the proof to the uh uh disclose the uh the proof to the. Uh uh disclose the uh the proof to the network without being from sinus right sinus right. Interesting some entities that interesting some entities that interesting some entities that. Can be signing it can be signing it can be signing it refining refining refining well the issue that was signing is how. Well the issue that was signing is how well the issue that was signing is how can like uh like the mental not just. Can like uh like the mental not just can like uh like the mental not just like take your proof and then sign with. Like take your proof and then sign with like take your proof and then sign with its own address. Its own address its own address and then submit as if it was the and then submit as if it was the. And then submit as if it was the originator and I think there might be ways to do it. And I think there might be ways to do it right like it's a it's a maybe what you you you you it's like a. Maybe what you you you you it's like a multiple multi-step thing right where multiple multi-step thing right where. Multiple multi-step thing right where you you because you were first to you you because you were first to. You you because you were first to disclose let's say the harsh of the disclose let's say the harsh of the. Disclose let's say the harsh of the proof proof proof before you actually disclosure proof. Before you actually disclosure proof before you actually disclosure proof then you're the one you know if it's a. Then you're the one you know if it's a then you're the one you know if it's a contract that's doing the that work. Contract that's doing the that work contract that's doing the that work um then we can basically give the. Um then we can basically give the um then we can basically give the the first um you know first one. The first um you know first one the first um you know first one the benefit I mean at the same time like. The benefit I mean at the same time like the benefit I mean at the same time like. A a a yeah maybe a bot can I mean it becomes yeah maybe a bot can I mean it becomes. Yeah maybe a bot can I mean it becomes kind of a a cat and you know a nice game kind of a a cat and you know a nice game. Kind of a a cat and you know a nice game right like where you right like where you. Right like where you yeah yeah yeah how to do this safely how to do this safely how to do this safely. Yeah I think in the front room yeah I think in the front room yeah I think in the front room. Like because you know yours are like like because you know yours are like like because you know yours are like. Super nice people that maybe on uh I super nice people that maybe on uh I super nice people that maybe on uh I. Mean not trying to game the system yeah I I thought like the uh the front yeah I I thought like the uh the front. Running um I did was just to like uh if running um I did was just to like uh if running um I did was just to like uh if. They're the same proofs multiple the they're the same proofs multiple the they're the same proofs multiple the. Same proofs in the same block just or same proofs in the same block just or same proofs in the same block just or. Randomly pick one but I didn't think randomly pick one but I didn't think randomly pick one but I didn't think. About this proof stealing case about this proof stealing case about this proof stealing case. Um in front running by stealing proof so um in front running by stealing proof so. Um in front running by stealing proof so this is definitely an interesting issue this is definitely an interesting issue. This is definitely an interesting issue to think about but I still I still like to think about but I still I still like. To think about but I still I still like the model where you don't have to have a the model where you don't have to have a. The model where you don't have to have a relationship with the archive for a relationship with the archive for a. Relationship with the archive for a couple of reasons so first couple of reasons so first. Couple of reasons so first um it's likely that especially you know um it's likely that especially you know. Um it's likely that especially you know um if the archive systems run for a long um if the archive systems run for a long. Um if the archive systems run for a long time archivers will not store the entire. Time archivers will not store the entire time archivers will not store the entire. Archive I think it's a good idea to let archive I think it's a good idea to let archive I think it's a good idea to let. The archive pick and choose how much or the archive pick and choose how much or the archive pick and choose how much or. How little of his or of the archive how little of his or of the archive how little of his or of the archive. History they want to store and so I can history they want to store and so I can history they want to store and so I can. See an archiver that only stores the see an archiver that only stores the see an archiver that only stores the. Last five years one that stores the last last five years one that stores the last. Last five years one that stores the last 10 years and then one that's like a more. 10 years and then one that's like a more 10 years and then one that's like a more. Expensive on the stores like the last 50 expensive on the stores like the last 50. Expensive on the stores like the last 50 years for instance I think if you have years for instance I think if you have. Years for instance I think if you have to like individually query an archiver to like individually query an archiver. To like individually query an archiver you have this weird interface where for you have this weird interface where for. You have this weird interface where for things that are three years old you can things that are three years old you can. Things that are three years old you can maybe query a cheap archiver and then maybe query a cheap archiver and then. Maybe query a cheap archiver and then for things that are older you have to for things that are older you have to. For things that are older you have to change your URL or something like that change your URL or something like that. Change your URL or something like that to Target like a different archive that to Target like a different archive that. To Target like a different archive that has more history state or something like has more history state or something like. Has more history state or something like that and so I think there's still some that and so I think there's still some. That and so I think there's still some some interface issues with uh having to some interface issues with uh having to. Some interface issues with uh having to talk to the archiver directly but at talk to the archiver directly but at. Talk to the archiver directly but at least on the top of my head I don't have least on the top of my head I don't have. Least on the top of my head I don't have a great solution to the stealing proofs a great solution to the stealing proofs. A great solution to the stealing proofs thing thing thing um I think that's the challenges. Yeah I was going to say like the the uh yeah I was going to say like the the uh I think it's it's a we should definitely. I think it's it's a we should definitely I think it's it's a we should definitely. Be looking into those mechanisms that be looking into those mechanisms that be looking into those mechanisms that. Are like a little more distributed right are like a little more distributed right. Are like a little more distributed right from a you know Discovery Point of View from a you know Discovery Point of View. From a you know Discovery Point of View um um um I think all it means is that I think all it means is that. I think all it means is that we use we use we use uh we we have the proper semantics on. Uh we we have the proper semantics on uh we we have the proper semantics on network to allow for for doing this so. Network to allow for for doing this so network to allow for for doing this so like I think for example like the thing. Like I think for example like the thing like I think for example like the thing where we have uh. Where we have uh where we have uh proofs that are usable independently of proofs that are usable independently of. Proofs that are usable independently of uh using uh you know the entries uh using uh you know the entries. Uh using uh you know the entries um yeah I think this is like a a key uh um yeah I think this is like a a key uh. Um yeah I think this is like a a key uh property that we need to have right property that we need to have right. Property that we need to have right because I I know like one of the earlier because I I know like one of the earlier. Because I I know like one of the earlier drafts drafts drafts uh was requiring people to submit proofs. Uh was requiring people to submit proofs uh was requiring people to submit proofs. In the same transaction uh that they in the same transaction uh that they in the same transaction uh that they. Were going to use the you know the were going to use the you know the were going to use the you know the. Actual and actually restore the entry actual and actually restore the entry actual and actually restore the entry. And obviously this uh this would not and obviously this uh this would not and obviously this uh this would not. Work in you know would not enable the work in you know would not enable the work in you know would not enable the. Type of type of type of of scenarios yeah I definitely like having having the yeah I definitely like having having the. Um or the proofs themselves be Ledger um or the proofs themselves be Ledger um or the proofs themselves be Ledger. Entries entries entries I just I think we just need to find the I just I think we just need to find the. I just I think we just need to find the uh the best way to uh the best way to uh the best way to. To make sure the system isn't getting it to make sure the system isn't getting it. To make sure the system isn't getting it or gained yeah yeah there's a because there's not. Yeah yeah there's a because there's not a clear solution because I mean you a clear solution because I mean you. A clear solution because I mean you could submit say like before you submit could submit say like before you submit. Could submit say like before you submit the proof If you submit the hash to say the proof If you submit the hash to say. The proof If you submit the hash to say hey I was here first and then submit the hey I was here first and then submit the. Hey I was here first and then submit the proof of the next Ledger but then you proof of the next Ledger but then you. Proof of the next Ledger but then you could open yourself up to Dos attacks could open yourself up to Dos attacks. Could open yourself up to Dos attacks for a malicious user could just generate for a malicious user could just generate. For a malicious user could just generate a bunch of dummy proofs and then submit a bunch of dummy proofs and then submit. A bunch of dummy proofs and then submit them for every archive request and then them for every archive request and then. Them for every archive request and then archivers would not uh want to service archivers would not uh want to service. Archivers would not uh want to service those requests because something's those requests because something's. Those requests because something's already spoken for it and issues like already spoken for it and issues like. Already spoken for it and issues like that so that so that so so I think we need to think about but I. So I think we need to think about but I so I think we need to think about but I definitely like I think we definitely. Definitely like I think we definitely definitely like I think we definitely should have uh the proofs on chain like. Should have uh the proofs on chain like should have uh the proofs on chain like you mentioned. You mentioned you mentioned um and we should see if there's a way to um and we should see if there's a way to. Um and we should see if there's a way to solve this issue in a way that makes solve this issue in a way that makes. Solve this issue in a way that makes sense if you have a you know a few more if you have a you know a few more. Minutes left uh was there like some minutes left uh was there like some minutes left uh was there like some. Other other other topic that you wanted to cover as part topic that you wanted to cover as part. Topic that you wanted to cover as part of of this yes I guess one other of of this yes I guess one other. Of of this yes I guess one other question that's kind of that we don't question that's kind of that we don't. Question that's kind of that we don't have a great solution for have a great solution for. Have a great solution for um and this is one that we need to um and this is one that we need to. Um and this is one that we need to figure out here pretty soon because it's figure out here pretty soon because it's. Figure out here pretty soon because it's required to launch for v0 is how to bump. Required to launch for v0 is how to bump required to launch for v0 is how to bump. Rent and so right now whenever you rent and so right now whenever you rent and so right now whenever you. Create an entry create an entry create an entry um it's created and initializes rent. Um it's created and initializes rent um it's created and initializes rent balance to some amount but there doesn't. Balance to some amount but there doesn't balance to some amount but there doesn't. Seem to be a great way in order to bump seem to be a great way in order to bump seem to be a great way in order to bump. Rent and to actually increase that rent rent and to actually increase that rent rent and to actually increase that rent. Balance and so kind of the initial balance and so kind of the initial balance and so kind of the initial. Thought was Hey whenever you access thought was Hey whenever you access thought was Hey whenever you access. Something increase the rent something increase the rent something increase the rent. Um and that's way that the things that um and that's way that the things that um and that's way that the things that. Are accessed most commonly automatically are accessed most commonly automatically. Are accessed most commonly automatically have their rent increased and so if you have their rent increased and so if you. Have their rent increased and so if you access something a lot it will most access something a lot it will most. Access something a lot it will most likely be on the buy policy and we'll likely be on the buy policy and we'll. Likely be on the buy policy and we'll have to unarchive it now for read write have to unarchive it now for read write. Have to unarchive it now for read write items it's easy because you have to items it's easy because you have to. Items it's easy because you have to rewrite the entry anyway so you might as rewrite the entry anyway so you might as. Rewrite the entry anyway so you might as well bump the rent however uh it's not well bump the rent however uh it's not. Well bump the rent however uh it's not clear how to bump rent on read only clear how to bump rent on read only. Clear how to bump rent on read only items so for instance items so for instance items so for instance. If you have auth if you have auth if you have auth um say like an auth record that's almost. Um say like an auth record that's almost um say like an auth record that's almost. Never changed but is read often never changed but is read often never changed but is read often. Um um um you would want to bump the rent on reads you would want to bump the rent on reads. You would want to bump the rent on reads so that you wouldn't have to constantly so that you wouldn't have to constantly. So that you wouldn't have to constantly unarchive it the issue is uh because the unarchive it the issue is uh because the. Unarchive it the issue is uh because the way the bucket list is structured way the bucket list is structured. Way the bucket list is structured there's no way to bump rent without there's no way to bump rent without. There's no way to bump rent without rewriting the entry because rewriting the entry because. Rewriting the entry because um essentially the way the bucket list um essentially the way the bucket list. Um essentially the way the bucket list is structured entries and buckets are is structured entries and buckets are. Is structured entries and buckets are immutable and so in order to update an immutable and so in order to update an. Immutable and so in order to update an entry it's not like SQL you can just go entry it's not like SQL you can just go. Entry it's not like SQL you can just go to the entry and then change a value you to the entry and then change a value you. To the entry and then change a value you have to completely rewrite the entry and. Have to completely rewrite the entry and have to completely rewrite the entry and. So we wouldn't want to bump rent on so we wouldn't want to bump rent on so we wouldn't want to bump rent on. Every read because then we're implicitly every read because then we're implicitly. Every read because then we're implicitly at the systems level turning reads into at the systems level turning reads into. At the systems level turning reads into read writes which we don't want to do read writes which we don't want to do. Read writes which we don't want to do and so I guess um in the read write case and so I guess um in the read write case. And so I guess um in the read write case we obviously want to bump rent but I was. We obviously want to bump rent but I was we obviously want to bump rent but I was. Wondering if there are any ideas as to wondering if there are any ideas as to wondering if there are any ideas as to. What to do for like read-only data and what to do for like read-only data and what to do for like read-only data and. How to handle rent in that regard well uh simple way I've been thinking well uh simple way I've been thinking. About is about is about is well you just said with online but you well you just said with online but you. Well you just said with online but you know I'm exposed just some contract know I'm exposed just some contract. Know I'm exposed just some contract function but that's free tried access to function but that's free tried access to. Function but that's free tried access to the entries that you want to bomb the entries that you want to bomb. The entries that you want to bomb and nothing else and nothing else and nothing else. Um um um that will basically that will basically that will basically you know to call just as any other. You know to call just as any other you know to call just as any other contract function to bounce around. Contract function to bounce around contract function to bounce around um but that maybe can be generalized to. Um but that maybe can be generalized to um but that maybe can be generalized to you know post functions that allows you. You know post functions that allows you you know post functions that allows you action arbitrary entries without. Action arbitrary entries without action arbitrary entries without accessing them so that you know you. Accessing them so that you know you accessing them so that you know you don't need to uh. Don't need to uh don't need to uh maintain any invariants in terms of like maintain any invariants in terms of like. Maintain any invariants in terms of like only the contract can modify its own only the contract can modify its own. Only the contract can modify its own data I guess they can all agree that one data I guess they can all agree that one. Data I guess they can all agree that one pins or end is always positive right so pins or end is always positive right so. Pins or end is always positive right so anyone can do that and then you know anyone can do that and then you know. Anyone can do that and then you know just kind of cost functions it takes a just kind of cost functions it takes a. Just kind of cost functions it takes a bunch of majorities catches them at bunch of majorities catches them at. Bunch of majorities catches them at print right print right print right supposing pumpkins rent by whatever. Supposing pumpkins rent by whatever supposing pumpkins rent by whatever mechanism they come up this. Mechanism they come up this mechanism they come up this um which again is not super pretty but. Um which again is not super pretty but um which again is not super pretty but that makes it possible to do the pump. That makes it possible to do the pump that makes it possible to do the pump without touching the contract code and. Without touching the contract code and without touching the contract code and increasing inside guys and so on so. Increasing inside guys and so on so increasing inside guys and so on so you know it's a basically a generic way. You know it's a basically a generic way you know it's a basically a generic way to maintain your contracts I think it's. To maintain your contracts I think it's to maintain your contracts I think it's maybe viable. Maybe viable maybe viable yeah I think the host function could be yeah I think the host function could be. Yeah I think the host function could be good I think the only issue with that is good I think the only issue with that is. Good I think the only issue with that is key Discovery is still an issue key Discovery is still an issue. Key Discovery is still an issue um and then it might be difficult to um and then it might be difficult to. Um and then it might be difficult to determine what keys you need to bump determine what keys you need to bump. Determine what keys you need to bump around for uh in the host function around for uh in the host function. Around for uh in the host function um but perhaps one another thing is we um but perhaps one another thing is we. Um but perhaps one another thing is we could could could expose a explicit uh rent bump. Expose a explicit uh rent bump expose a explicit uh rent bump um at like the storage interface. Um at like the storage interface um at like the storage interface um and then also make the current rent. Um and then also make the current rent um and then also make the current rent balance uh readable. Balance uh readable balance uh readable in the smart contract so I could imagine in the smart contract so I could imagine. In the smart contract so I could imagine something like uh maybe a common something like uh maybe a common. Something like uh maybe a common Paradigm for read-only data would be Paradigm for read-only data would be. Paradigm for read-only data would be like if you have an off entry whenever like if you have an off entry whenever. Like if you have an off entry whenever you read it you say you also have a you read it you say you also have a. You read it you say you also have a check to see if the rent balance has check to see if the rent balance has. Check to see if the rent balance has fallen below some level and if so then fallen below some level and if so then. Fallen below some level and if so then you call Rent bump on that value you call Rent bump on that value. You call Rent bump on that value uh so I guess or I don't know if that uh so I guess or I don't know if that. Uh so I guess or I don't know if that would be possible then because or none would be possible then because or none. Would be possible then because or none of that would be possible and so then of that would be possible and so then. Of that would be possible and so then essentially essentially essentially um there's a g path and an expensive. Um there's a g path and an expensive um there's a g path and an expensive path and so if your rent is above the. Path and so if your rent is above the path and so if your rent is above the value then pre-flight would put that. Value then pre-flight would put that value then pre-flight would put that entry in the read-only data set but if. Entry in the read-only data set but if entry in the read-only data set but if your rent is below a value then. Your rent is below a value then your rent is below a value then PreFlight would put it in the read write. PreFlight would put it in the read write PreFlight would put it in the read write. Set and bump the rent and so I think set and bump the rent and so I think set and bump the rent and so I think. That might be also another possible that might be also another possible that might be also another possible. Solution for for often like read-only solution for for often like read-only solution for for often like read-only. Data I mean that's kind of possible but data I mean that's kind of possible but data I mean that's kind of possible but. Doesn't solve it for everything like doesn't solve it for everything like doesn't solve it for everything like. Imagine again your token right and it imagine again your token right and it imagine again your token right and it. Has the you know an admin and let's say has the you know an admin and let's say has the you know an admin and let's say. You don't mean this token much you don't mean this token much you don't mean this token much. Um so you don't touch the admin entry um so you don't touch the admin entry um so you don't touch the admin entry. Frequently and then it would still frequently and then it would still frequently and then it would still. Expire right you you know the admin expire right you you know the admin expire right you you know the admin. Functions frequently enough so you know functions frequently enough so you know functions frequently enough so you know. For the important things you for the important things you for the important things you. It sure needs some sort of manual it sure needs some sort of manual it sure needs some sort of manual. Tracking and you still need to tracking and you still need to tracking and you still need to. Understand which entries need to be understand which entries need to be understand which entries need to be. Updated they I'm sure we can avoid this updated they I'm sure we can avoid this updated they I'm sure we can avoid this. Food just because you know some interest food just because you know some interest. Food just because you know some interest may be rarely accessible well I think may be rarely accessible well I think. May be rarely accessible well I think that's okay actually that's okay actually that's okay actually. Um because if you don't access admin um because if you don't access admin um because if you don't access admin. Very much and whatever you access it you very much and whatever you access it you. Very much and whatever you access it you need to restore your admin entry I think. Need to restore your admin entry I think need to restore your admin entry I think. That's okay I think the case I'm talking that's okay I think the case I'm talking. That's okay I think the case I'm talking about is if you have some really value about is if you have some really value. About is if you have some really value that you access a ton that still gets that you access a ton that still gets. That you access a ton that still gets archived all the time archived all the time. Archived all the time yeah but but my point is that you know yeah but but my point is that you know. Yeah but but my point is that you know you can still forget to call it uh so I you can still forget to call it uh so I. You can still forget to call it uh so I mean rely on automatic bumps is not mean rely on automatic bumps is not. Mean rely on automatic bumps is not going to always work going to always work going to always work. Um and another thing is that imagine um and another thing is that imagine um and another thing is that imagine. You know oh maybe it's not a super good example oh maybe it's not a super good example. But I I've been just thinking about who but I I've been just thinking about who but I I've been just thinking about who. Who pays for the bump right it's always who pays for the bump right it's always who pays for the bump right it's always. A source account who pays for the bumps a source account who pays for the bumps a source account who pays for the bumps. And uh and uh and uh it would be a bit weird like if every it would be a bit weird like if every. It would be a bit weird like if every once in a while once in a while once in a while. Like some transaction to your contract like some transaction to your contract like some transaction to your contract. Suddenly becomes more expensive because suddenly becomes more expensive because suddenly becomes more expensive because. You need to bounce around but you may be you need to bounce around but you may be. You need to bounce around but you may be bump into rent of some entries that has bump into rent of some entries that has. Bump into rent of some entries that has nothing to do with your account nothing to do with your account. Nothing to do with your account specifically like for example let's say specifically like for example let's say. Specifically like for example let's say you have some found that stores some uh you have some found that stores some uh. You have some found that stores some uh sorry some contracted Source some State sorry some contracted Source some State. Sorry some contracted Source some State saying it's like never going to change it's like never going to change. Right and it's always free download right and it's always free download right and it's always free download. And then there is no clear owner of the and then there is no clear owner of the and then there is no clear owner of the. Token paywrites they're not token paywrites they're not token paywrites they're not. Um um um owned by any address or anything so what owned by any address or anything so what. Owned by any address or anything so what would happen is like every once in a would happen is like every once in a. Would happen is like every once in a while someone who trades with this while someone who trades with this. While someone who trades with this liquidity pool will need to pay for liquidity pool will need to pay for. Liquidity pool will need to pay for their inbound I was a token payer record their inbound I was a token payer record. Their inbound I was a token payer record um which is a little bit awkward right um which is a little bit awkward right. Um which is a little bit awkward right because I I just want to trade why would because I I just want to trade why would. Because I I just want to trade why would it charge me more and you know I then it charge me more and you know I then. It charge me more and you know I then draw all the incentives to kind of try draw all the incentives to kind of try. Draw all the incentives to kind of try to gain this and to gain this and to gain this and. President not submit transactions until president not submit transactions until president not submit transactions until. Someone else has pumped you know I mean someone else has pumped you know I mean someone else has pumped you know I mean. It's definitely viable on paper but it it's definitely viable on paper but it it's definitely viable on paper but it. Just leads to distribute situations for just leads to distribute situations for just leads to distribute situations for. You know you're in a bumping rent on the you know you're in a bumping rent on the. You know you're in a bumping rent on the some interest some interest some interest. You can respond to know about right I you can respond to know about right I you can respond to know about right I. Guess it also depends on the amount guess it also depends on the amount guess it also depends on the amount. Because it's well enough and it probably because it's well enough and it probably. Because it's well enough and it probably doesn't matter but if it's high enough doesn't matter but if it's high enough. Doesn't matter but if it's high enough then suddenly it becomes pretty annoying then suddenly it becomes pretty annoying. Then suddenly it becomes pretty annoying for the user who ended up paying it yeah thank you I agree like it we. Yeah thank you I agree like it we probably need to think about those probably need to think about those. Probably need to think about those couple of angles like the couple of angles like the. Couple of angles like the people that want to kind of uh maintain people that want to kind of uh maintain. People that want to kind of uh maintain their their uh run balance on on those their their uh run balance on on those. Their their uh run balance on on those like read-only type of items uh that and like read-only type of items uh that and. Like read-only type of items uh that and when I say people here could be a when I say people here could be a. When I say people here could be a contract that tries to do like like an contract that tries to do like like an. Contract that tries to do like like an mm right that wants to kind of ensure mm right that wants to kind of ensure. Mm right that wants to kind of ensure that it keeps alive its own thing at the that it keeps alive its own thing at the. That it keeps alive its own thing at the same time there are probably scenarios same time there are probably scenarios. Same time there are probably scenarios where where where you want to kind of uh you want to kind of uh. You want to kind of uh do that from the outside uh in some way do that from the outside uh in some way. Do that from the outside uh in some way right because you don't want every right because you don't want every. Right because you don't want every contract contract contract I mean yeah in the up cases where this. I mean yeah in the up cases where this I mean yeah in the up cases where this is going to not work like if nobody is. Is going to not work like if nobody is is going to not work like if nobody is using it or and you need to revalue it. Using it or and you need to revalue it using it or and you need to revalue it or I don't know. Or I don't know or I don't know um anyways we have time so um anyways we have time so. Um anyways we have time so thank you everybody let's uh continue thank you everybody let's uh continue. Thank you everybody let's uh continue those conversations actually we should those conversations actually we should. Those conversations actually we should probably create uh like explicit threads probably create uh like explicit threads. Probably create uh like explicit threads on the on the on the uh you know on the dev Channel. Uh you know on the dev Channel uh you know on the dev Channel uh about those topics and then uh yeah. Uh about those topics and then uh yeah uh about those topics and then uh yeah we'll keep going. We'll keep going we'll keep going thank you again.
