Welcome everyone to this week's Stellar welcome everyone to this week's Stellar developer meeting today I have a very. Developer meeting today I have a very developer meeting today I have a very busy guest who fortunately made the the. Busy guest who fortunately made the the busy guest who fortunately made the the time to to come here today it's uh Andre. Time to to come here today it's uh Andre time to to come here today it's uh Andre. From uh ramp me Daddy and I'm going to from uh ramp me Daddy and I'm going to from uh ramp me Daddy and I'm going to. Let him on the stage as let him on the stage as let him on the stage as well hello Andre hi garon thanks thanks. Well hello Andre hi garon thanks thanks well hello Andre hi garon thanks thanks for having me great to be here hi. For having me great to be here hi for having me great to be here hi everyone yeah great to have you here. Everyone yeah great to have you here everyone yeah great to have you here you've been very busy uh I Met You in. You've been very busy uh I Met You in you've been very busy uh I Met You in San Francisco on Monday and it seems. San Francisco on Monday and it seems San Francisco on Monday and it seems like uh um a lot of things are going on. Like uh um a lot of things are going on like uh um a lot of things are going on but can you maybe just start by. But can you maybe just start by but can you maybe just start by introducing yourself and your team and. Introducing yourself and your team and introducing yourself and your team and and what you're working on yeah yeah. And what you're working on yeah yeah and what you're working on yeah yeah absolutely happy to uh my name is Andre. Absolutely happy to uh my name is Andre absolutely happy to uh my name is Andre I'm the co-founder CEO of rant Maddy uh. I'm the co-founder CEO of rant Maddy uh I'm the co-founder CEO of rant Maddy uh rant M Daddy was born at at a consensus. Rant M Daddy was born at at a consensus rant M Daddy was born at at a consensus hackathon hosted by EA guys amazing. Hackathon hosted by EA guys amazing hackathon hosted by EA guys amazing amazing time amazing it's it was a lot. Amazing time amazing it's it was a lot amazing time amazing it's it was a lot of fun uh and and we rode that uh wave. Of fun uh and and we rode that uh wave of fun uh and and we rode that uh wave of fun for the past whatever seven. Of fun for the past whatever seven of fun for the past whatever seven months at this point that has turned. Months at this point that has turned months at this point that has turned into a real company that's uh seeing. Into a real company that's uh seeing into a real company that's uh seeing real traction we're getting a lot of. Real traction we're getting a lot of real traction we're getting a lot of positive feedback um we so R me Daddy. Positive feedback um we so R me Daddy positive feedback um we so R me Daddy right now is a telegram digital wallet. Right now is a telegram digital wallet right now is a telegram digital wallet uh designed for Global Payments and for. Uh designed for Global Payments and for uh designed for Global Payments and for mcoin trading uh mcoins have been uh. Mcoin trading uh mcoins have been uh mcoin trading uh mcoins have been uh super hot and um on on you know on uh. Super hot and um on on you know on uh super hot and um on on you know on uh and and more more chains are picking it. And and more more chains are picking it and and more more chains are picking it up so we're super excited about that. Up so we're super excited about that up so we're super excited about that ultimately the goal is to be uh. Ultimately the goal is to be uh ultimately the goal is to be uh multi-chain uh wallet for for mem coins. Multi-chain uh wallet for for mem coins multi-chain uh wallet for for mem coins but when it comes to payments uh I mean. But when it comes to payments uh I mean but when it comes to payments uh I mean that's that's something that we started. That's that's something that we started that's that's something that we started uh rent. Uh rent uh rent Maddy at the core of sending Global Maddy at the core of sending Global. Maddy at the core of sending Global Payments and we want to make it as easy Payments and we want to make it as easy. Payments and we want to make it as easy as sending a text message and Stellar as sending a text message and Stellar. As sending a text message and Stellar has been extremely helpful with that has been extremely helpful with that. Has been extremely helpful with that great so so how far along are you in the great so so how far along are you in the. Great so so how far along are you in the process I know you've been working hard process I know you've been working hard. Process I know you've been working hard on it for for quite some time but what on it for for quite some time but what. On it for for quite some time but what is the status today how how far along is the status today how how far along. Is the status today how how far along are you yeah no uh it's so today are you yeah no uh it's so today. Are you yeah no uh it's so today actually this call I'm doing out of uh actually this call I'm doing out of uh. Actually this call I'm doing out of uh the Draper the Draper the Draper University um building facility uh we. University um building facility uh we University um building facility uh we are just wrapping up our Draper. Are just wrapping up our Draper are just wrapping up our Draper University um accelerator so we did a. University um accelerator so we did a University um accelerator so we did a three-week pre accelerator back in. Three-week pre accelerator back in three-week pre accelerator back in August uh that was amazing time very had. August uh that was amazing time very had August uh that was amazing time very had. A had a very impact on what we're a had a very impact on what we're a had a very impact on what we're. Building um got to meet a lot of amazing building um got to meet a lot of amazing. Building um got to meet a lot of amazing uh people well actually I think that's uh people well actually I think that's. Uh people well actually I think that's that's when uh we met for the first time that's when uh we met for the first time. That's when uh we met for the first time uh and actually got to work together uh uh and actually got to work together uh. Uh and actually got to work together uh we but we were also able to meet denell we but we were also able to meet denell. We but we were also able to meet denell we were able to pitch to Tim Draper we we were able to pitch to Tim Draper we. We were able to pitch to Tim Draper we were able to accomplish a lot of things were able to accomplish a lot of things. Were able to accomplish a lot of things in just three weeks um after that I in just three weeks um after that I. In just three weeks um after that I think we you know we we showed our think we you know we we showed our. Think we you know we we showed our strength we got uh people interested in strength we got uh people interested in. Strength we got uh people interested in what we're building and uh Draper what we're building and uh Draper. What we're building and uh Draper University and Stell invited us back to University and Stell invited us back to. University and Stell invited us back to the official accelerator that's not 3 the official accelerator that's not 3. The official accelerator that's not 3 weeks it's 12 weeks and um we have been weeks it's 12 weeks and um we have been. Weeks it's 12 weeks and um we have been just crushing it here with with with just crushing it here with with with. Just crushing it here with with with with a team of 10 other companies um with a team of 10 other companies um. With a team of 10 other companies um building Innovative products um and the building Innovative products um and the. Building Innovative products um and the idea the reason that we decided to go idea the reason that we decided to go. Idea the reason that we decided to go with telegram in the first place is with telegram in the first place is. With telegram in the first place is because telegram has a billion users because telegram has a billion users. Because telegram has a billion users worldwide and um a lot of these users worldwide and um a lot of these users. Worldwide and um a lot of these users are in U you know there's a lot in are in U you know there's a lot in. Are in U you know there's a lot in United States but there there there's United States but there there there's. United States but there there there's users from everywhere in the world I users from everywhere in the world I. Users from everywhere in the world I think there's a number of groups where think there's a number of groups where. Think there's a number of groups where that I'm an active participant in with that I'm an active participant in with. That I'm an active participant in with people from I think we we did some people from I think we we did some. People from I think we we did some calculations and it's about 40 countries calculations and it's about 40 countries. Calculations and it's about 40 countries so I think it's amazing that you know so I think it's amazing that you know. So I think it's amazing that you know telegram brings it all together and uh telegram brings it all together and uh. Telegram brings it all together and uh we figured well let's let's see how we we figured well let's let's see how we. We figured well let's let's see how we can facilitate payments inside that and can facilitate payments inside that and. Can facilitate payments inside that and um but before but before we get into um but before but before we get into. Um but before but before we get into payments obviously we need to be able to payments obviously we need to be able to. Payments obviously we need to be able to on-ramp uh onchain so at the hackathon on-ramp uh onchain so at the hackathon. On-ramp uh onchain so at the hackathon we buildt the on- ramping solution and we buildt the on- ramping solution and. We buildt the on- ramping solution and um we kind of have iterated a number of um we kind of have iterated a number of. Um we kind of have iterated a number of uh I don't want to say pivot because uh I don't want to say pivot because. Uh I don't want to say pivot because pivot usually to me see sounds like it pivot usually to me see sounds like it. Pivot usually to me see sounds like it you were doing something now you're you were doing something now you're. You were doing something now you're doing something else I think we just re doing something else I think we just re. Doing something else I think we just re refined and reiterated in our idea to to refined and reiterated in our idea to to. Refined and reiterated in our idea to to hit both I mean I it's uh to hit both hit both I mean I it's uh to hit both. Hit both I mean I it's uh to hit both functionality and revenue uh and those functionality and revenue uh and those. Functionality and revenue uh and those are two are two are two important pieces of any business and I. Important pieces of any business and I important pieces of any business and I think we uh I think we're finally at a. Think we uh I think we're finally at a think we uh I think we're finally at a point where they're they're put together. Point where they're they're put together point where they're they're put together. And it it makes and it it makes and it it makes sense okay uh we were trying to get uh. Sense okay uh we were trying to get uh sense okay uh we were trying to get uh to get a screen share going did you get. To get a screen share going did you get to get a screen share going did you get it to work yeah let's uh I I think so uh. It to work yeah let's uh I I think so uh it to work yeah let's uh I I think so uh. It would be fun to see see it in action it would be fun to see see it in action it would be fun to see see it in action. Yeah so I guess let me start with um the yeah so I guess let me start with um the. Yeah so I guess let me start with um the so rent me Daddy uh is a telegram wallet. So rent me Daddy uh is a telegram wallet so rent me Daddy uh is a telegram wallet. That we're still building uh I I would that we're still building uh I I would that we're still building uh I I would. Say uh I think our CTO will uh be not say uh I think our CTO will uh be not say uh I think our CTO will uh be not. Super happy with me but uh I I'll say super happy with me but uh I I'll say super happy with me but uh I I'll say. Maybe four to six weeks is left uh maybe four to six weeks is left uh maybe four to six weeks is left uh. But so so we're going to roll it out but but so so we're going to roll it out but. But so so we're going to roll it out but I think there's a big strategy to how I think there's a big strategy to how. I think there's a big strategy to how you roll things out uh because you can you roll things out uh because you can. You roll things out uh because you can spend all of this time um and then roll spend all of this time um and then roll. Spend all of this time um and then roll out a product and then start driving out a product and then start driving. Out a product and then start driving traffic to that product um when it's traffic to that product um when it's. Traffic to that product um when it's live we decided to take a different live we decided to take a different. Live we decided to take a different approach we decided to roll out a teaser approach we decided to roll out a teaser. Approach we decided to roll out a teaser game inside telegram uh it's a very game inside telegram uh it's a very. Game inside telegram uh it's a very simple game uh you just guess if the simple game uh you just guess if the. Simple game uh you just guess if the Bitcoin price is going to go up or down Bitcoin price is going to go up or down. Bitcoin price is going to go up or down you tap on it and then 5 seconds later you tap on it and then 5 seconds later. You tap on it and then 5 seconds later it tells you if you're uh if you won or it tells you if you're uh if you won or. It tells you if you're uh if you won or lost if you won you get 10 points if you lost if you won you get 10 points if you. Lost if you won you get 10 points if you lost you get Five Points deducted so lost you get Five Points deducted so. Lost you get Five Points deducted so that's uh that's the game in a nutshell that's uh that's the game in a nutshell. That's uh that's the game in a nutshell we have been seeing a lot of traction a we have been seeing a lot of traction a. We have been seeing a lot of traction a lot of positive feedback on that game uh lot of positive feedback on that game uh. Lot of positive feedback on that game uh and uh it's amazing to see how just and uh it's amazing to see how just. And uh it's amazing to see how just walking around Draper University I would walking around Draper University I would. Walking around Draper University I would be passing by someone and I see someone be passing by someone and I see someone. Be passing by someone and I see someone sitting on the couch tapping playing the sitting on the couch tapping playing the. Sitting on the couch tapping playing the game so that's uh that's the idea we game so that's uh that's the idea we. Game so that's uh that's the idea we were able to secure a couple of were able to secure a couple of. Were able to secure a couple of Partnerships with other telegram games Partnerships with other telegram games. Partnerships with other telegram games that have uh communities of millions of that have uh communities of millions of. That have uh communities of millions of people I think between the all of the people I think between the all of the. People I think between the all of the partners that we have right now there's partners that we have right now there's. Partners that we have right now there's 50 million people in the community for 50 million people in the community for. 50 million people in the community for those games and we have a very strategic those games and we have a very strategic. Those games and we have a very strategic partnership where um they will drive partnership where um they will drive. Partnership where um they will drive traffic to our game and uh that will traffic to our game and uh that will. Traffic to our game and uh that will that will engage players with our game that will engage players with our game. That will engage players with our game and we get to tap into the $50 million and we get to tap into the $50 million. And we get to tap into the $50 million Community sorry 50 million people Community sorry 50 million people. Community sorry 50 million people community in those games so um that's community in those games so um that's. Community in those games so um that's and then after the players are happy and and then after the players are happy and. And then after the players are happy and they're excited with with a game they're. They're excited with with a game they're they're excited with with a game they're. Familiar with a brand then we'll start familiar with a brand then we'll start familiar with a brand then we'll start. Promoting the wallet to the to these promoting the wallet to the to these promoting the wallet to the to these. Clients and uh kind of it's it we expect clients and uh kind of it's it we expect. Clients and uh kind of it's it we expect it to be a much simpler conversion to to. It to be a much simpler conversion to to it to be a much simpler conversion to to. Get people to use the wallet uh so it's get people to use the wallet uh so it's get people to use the wallet uh so it's. There's a strategy for the game it might there's a strategy for the game it might. There's a strategy for the game it might seem like okay well what what does the seem like okay well what what does the. Seem like okay well what what does the game have to do with that but we put a game have to do with that but we put a. Game have to do with that but we put a lot of thought into it and did a lot of lot of thought into it and did a lot of. Lot of thought into it and did a lot of research and the client feedback to research and the client feedback to. Research and the client feedback to before we built it so uh but yeah happy before we built it so uh but yeah happy. Before we built it so uh but yeah happy to share I just wanted to give some to share I just wanted to give some. To share I just wanted to give some background so people are not confused background so people are not confused. Background so people are not confused about uh what's going on here um so let about uh what's going on here um so let. About uh what's going on here um so let me try to share my telegram window so if me try to share my telegram window so if. Me try to share my telegram window so if you go to are you able to sh see my you go to are you able to sh see my. You go to are you able to sh see my telegram window yeah awesome telegram window yeah awesome. Telegram window yeah awesome so uh let's see so if you go at rentme so uh let's see so if you go at rentme. So uh let's see so if you go at rentme daddy bot uh and you type type this in daddy bot uh and you type type this in. Daddy bot uh and you type type this in rentme daddy bot um you can click Start rentme daddy bot um you can click Start. Rentme daddy bot um you can click Start and you can hit launch um we launch the and you can hit launch um we launch the. And you can hit launch um we launch the game and are you able to see the game and are you able to see the. Game and are you able to see the game uh no I don't see the game oh man game uh no I don't see the game oh man. Game uh no I don't see the game oh man it's probably because it's a window it's probably because it's a window. It's probably because it's a window that's shared not the screen yeah let that's shared not the screen yeah let. That's shared not the screen yeah let me okay let me let me try to showare the me okay let me let me try to showare the. Me okay let me let me try to showare the this screen so but you saw how we hit this screen so but you saw how we hit. This screen so but you saw how we hit the yeah the launch button the launch the yeah the launch button the launch. The yeah the launch button the launch button let's see so when after you hit button let's see so when after you hit. Button let's see so when after you hit the launch button the full screen let's see I wonder if. The full screen let's see I wonder if this is going to work it's not going to this is going to work it's not going to. This is going to work it's not going to look as good as it looks on the um okay let's see. The um okay let's see are you able to see the game now y we are you able to see the game now y we. Are you able to see the game now y we see the game okay sweet so I mean see the game okay sweet so I mean. See the game okay sweet so I mean obviously it looks a lot more organized obviously it looks a lot more organized. Obviously it looks a lot more organized on the screen because it's just the on the screen because it's just the. On the screen because it's just the screen size but uh you can see the screen size but uh you can see the. Screen size but uh you can see the Bitcoin price changing here and then I Bitcoin price changing here and then I. Bitcoin price changing here and then I would guess that it's going up uh 5sec would guess that it's going up uh 5sec. Would guess that it's going up uh 5sec passes passes passes by um a loss that's that's why I don't. By um a loss that's that's why I don't by um a loss that's that's why I don't do a lot of uh day-to-day trading but uh. Do a lot of uh day-to-day trading but uh do a lot of uh day-to-day trading but uh. Keep going keep trying and keep going keep trying and keep going keep trying and win so and this is this is basically it. Win so and this is this is basically it win so and this is this is basically it in the nutshell what we found uh to be. In the nutshell what we found uh to be in the nutshell what we found uh to be very exciting for people is the. Very exciting for people is the very exciting for people is the leaderboard uh and funny enough uh we. Leaderboard uh and funny enough uh we leaderboard uh and funny enough uh we have a rot I hope I'm saying it right. Have a rot I hope I'm saying it right have a rot I hope I'm saying it right with his Stellar uh logo which is uh. With his Stellar uh logo which is uh with his Stellar uh logo which is uh super super exciting uh and what's even. Super super exciting uh and what's even super super exciting uh and what's even more exciting is that there's two people. More exciting is that there's two people more exciting is that there's two people. Who play this game more than I do and I who play this game more than I do and I who play this game more than I do and I. Feel like I refer so many people to this feel like I refer so many people to this. Feel like I refer so many people to this game uh um but you know we have uh game uh um but you know we have uh. Game uh um but you know we have uh mounder Trevor Trevor Hoffman he he mounder Trevor Trevor Hoffman he he. Mounder Trevor Trevor Hoffman he he shows it a lot sends it to a lot of shows it a lot sends it to a lot of. Shows it a lot sends it to a lot of people but uh these two guys have people but uh these two guys have. People but uh these two guys have absolutely crushed it and it's amazing absolutely crushed it and it's amazing. Absolutely crushed it and it's amazing to see this support from these people um to see this support from these people um. To see this support from these people um so you get you get 10 points for so you get you get 10 points for. So you get you get 10 points for guessing the price right you get um Five guessing the price right you get um Five. Guessing the price right you get um Five Points deducted for guessing it wrong Points deducted for guessing it wrong. Points deducted for guessing it wrong and you can also invite friends so this and you can also invite friends so this. And you can also invite friends so this is a very important feature for for us is a very important feature for for us. Is a very important feature for for us for the future of the uh product for the future of the uh product. For the future of the uh product development for the wallet itself development for the wallet itself. Development for the wallet itself we allow you to earn points every time we allow you to earn points every time. We allow you to earn points every time you refer um a friend and if you click you refer um a friend and if you click. You refer um a friend and if you click invite friends it allows you to it gives invite friends it allows you to it gives. Invite friends it allows you to it gives you a customized link that you can share. You a customized link that you can share you a customized link that you can share. With your friends uh but other than that with your friends uh but other than that. With your friends uh but other than that this is uh this is uh the game it's not this is uh this is uh the game it's not. This is uh this is uh the game it's not uh a crazy amount of uh stuff that has uh a crazy amount of uh stuff that has. Uh a crazy amount of uh stuff that has been uh that has that that that has been been uh that has that that that has been. Been uh that has that that that has been uh built but it is an engaging fun game uh built but it is an engaging fun game. Uh built but it is an engaging fun game that has been uh allowing us to attract that has been uh allowing us to attract. That has been uh allowing us to attract clients and U talk to clients to get clients and U talk to clients to get. Clients and U talk to clients to get their feedback and see what they want in their feedback and see what they want in. Their feedback and see what they want in the market I I think it's personally I the market I I think it's personally I. The market I I think it's personally I think it's a brilliant idea it's a great think it's a brilliant idea it's a great. Think it's a brilliant idea it's a great way to to get some people excited get way to to get some people excited get. Way to to get some people excited get get some awareness around what you're get some awareness around what you're. Get some awareness around what you're building and and and your brand and and building and and and your brand and and. Building and and and your brand and and something that's that I've always something that's that I've always. Something that's that I've always noticed H I'm actually surprised you're noticed H I'm actually surprised you're. Noticed H I'm actually surprised you're not wearing your ramp me Daddy cap today not wearing your ramp me Daddy cap today. Not wearing your ramp me Daddy cap today you got the T-shirt because you guys are. You got the T-shirt because you guys are you got the T-shirt because you guys are. Always promoting your business always uh always promoting your business always uh. Always promoting your business always uh i' I've so I've personally experienced i' I've so I've personally experienced. I' I've so I've personally experienced it like Monday when we had the event in it like Monday when we had the event in. It like Monday when we had the event in s Francisco there was Ramy daddy napkins s Francisco there was Ramy daddy napkins. S Francisco there was Ramy daddy napkins there was Ry daddy water bottles there there was Ry daddy water bottles there. There was Ry daddy water bottles there was every everywhere and and uh and when was every everywhere and and uh and when. Was every everywhere and and uh and when when you guys uh said that it was it was. When you guys uh said that it was it was when you guys uh said that it was it was. Time to get go out and get changed for time to get go out and get changed for time to get go out and get changed for. The event I I was thinking okay maybe the event I I was thinking okay maybe the event I I was thinking okay maybe. These maybe they going to show up in these maybe they going to show up in these maybe they going to show up in. Suits today but no it was t-shirts with suits today but no it was t-shirts with suits today but no it was t-shirts with. Ry Daddy all over it and yeah know it's Ry Daddy all over it and yeah know it's Ry Daddy all over it and yeah know it's. I mean I think it's worth mentioning I mean I think it's worth mentioning I mean I think it's worth mentioning. Talking about the Geo yeah and the idea talking about the Geo yeah and the idea talking about the Geo yeah and the idea. I even heard a story from one of the I even heard a story from one of the I even heard a story from one of the. Other participants from from dreu uh other participants from from dreu uh other participants from from dreu uh. There was something about that uh you there was something about that uh you there was something about that uh you. Guys went out to eat at a restaurant and guys went out to eat at a restaurant and. Guys went out to eat at a restaurant and I guess they were out on napkins or I guess they were out on napkins or. I guess they were out on napkins or something and then out of your bag you something and then out of your bag you. Something and then out of your bag you pull napkins with ram daddy QR code and pull napkins with ram daddy QR code and. Pull napkins with ram daddy QR code and logos on it yeah yeah yeah we we we logos on it yeah yeah yeah we we we. Logos on it yeah yeah yeah we we we tried to get creative uh with with The tried to get creative uh with with The. Tried to get creative uh with with The Branding I think Branding I think Branding I think. Um there is I mean I I think when it um there is I mean I I think when it um there is I mean I I think when it. Comes to branding it's a very it could comes to branding it's a very it could comes to branding it's a very it could. Be a very expensive and and um resource be a very expensive and and um resource be a very expensive and and um resource. Consuming um really bottomless bit of of consuming um really bottomless bit of of. Consuming um really bottomless bit of of just branding and marketing money that just branding and marketing money that. Just branding and marketing money that you can put in and we know that uh you can put in and we know that uh. You can put in and we know that uh firsthand from you know our previous firsthand from you know our previous. Firsthand from you know our previous company that we were at itust amazing company that we were at itust amazing. Company that we were at itust amazing brand the strongest brand and it's very brand the strongest brand and it's very. Brand the strongest brand and it's very important for itust was doing crypto important for itust was doing crypto. Important for itust was doing crypto IRAs um but unfortunately don't have the IRAs um but unfortunately don't have the. IRAs um but unfortunately don't have the budget of uh itust Capital right uh so budget of uh itust Capital right uh so. Budget of uh itust Capital right uh so we have been trying to come up with the we have been trying to come up with the. We have been trying to come up with the creative strategies to uh to do brand creative strategies to uh to do brand. Creative strategies to uh to do brand awareness without uh spending a lot of awareness without uh spending a lot of. Awareness without uh spending a lot of money on it and I think that's that's a money on it and I think that's that's a. Money on it and I think that's that's a strong strong strong um that that that that has to be present. Um that that that that has to be present um that that that that has to be present. For a found founder to be uh successful for a found founder to be uh successful for a found founder to be uh successful. To scale a retail facing product uh so to scale a retail facing product uh so to scale a retail facing product uh so. Yeah I completely agree and and some um yeah I completely agree and and some um yeah I completely agree and and some um. I've sometimes have discussions with I've sometimes have discussions with I've sometimes have discussions with. With other uh Founders in in the crypto with other uh Founders in in the crypto with other uh Founders in in the crypto. Blockchain space and sometimes they have blockchain space and sometimes they have. Blockchain space and sometimes they have a difficult time onboarding non- crypto a difficult time onboarding non- crypto. A difficult time onboarding non- crypto people or non- crypto users and I think people or non- crypto users and I think. People or non- crypto users and I think by introducing the game first and by by introducing the game first and by. By introducing the game first and by creating some awareness some curiosity creating some awareness some curiosity. Creating some awareness some curiosity around your brand I think is a great way around your brand I think is a great way. Around your brand I think is a great way to onboard uh people who are maybe not to onboard uh people who are maybe not. To onboard uh people who are maybe not super much into crypto or meme coins and super much into crypto or meme coins and. Super much into crypto or meme coins and get them excited about it and and I get them excited about it and and I. Get them excited about it and and I think uh I think that's that's something think uh I think that's that's something. Think uh I think that's that's something that that I think is really going to be that that I think is really going to be. That that I think is really going to be interesting to follow you guys and see interesting to follow you guys and see. Interesting to follow you guys and see see your gain some tracks and get those see your gain some tracks and get those. See your gain some tracks and get those people that may not be super familiar people that may not be super familiar. People that may not be super familiar with having to co coins or tokens or with having to co coins or tokens or. With having to co coins or tokens or nfts uh make it more like an everyday nfts uh make it more like an everyday. Nfts uh make it more like an everyday thing I think I think you're doing a thing I think I think you're doing a. Thing I think I think you're doing a great job with that uh so yeah it'll be great job with that uh so yeah it'll be. Great job with that uh so yeah it'll be interesting to follow um we only have a interesting to follow um we only have a. Interesting to follow um we only have a few minutes left but I'm super curious few minutes left but I'm super curious. Few minutes left but I'm super curious about what does your timeline look like about what does your timeline look like. About what does your timeline look like when it comes to the wallet and and be when it comes to the wallet and and be. When it comes to the wallet and and be able to toh to have to use meme coins so able to toh to have to use meme coins so. Able to toh to have to use meme coins so the timeline for the wallet is uh we're the timeline for the wallet is uh we're. The timeline for the wallet is uh we're we're I am personally hoping for about we're I am personally hoping for about. We're I am personally hoping for about six weeks six weeks six weeks um um um and I you know so far I think we've been. And I you know so far I think we've been and I you know so far I think we've been. Very strong on delivering everything very strong on delivering everything very strong on delivering everything. That we that we promise on time um so that we that we promise on time um so that we that we promise on time um so. We're trying to stick to that um we're trying to stick to that um we're trying to stick to that um. History in traction um but we but we history in traction um but we but we history in traction um but we but we. Have been there's there's no shortage of have been there's there's no shortage of. Have been there's there's no shortage of stuff to um to do while the product is stuff to um to do while the product is. Stuff to um to do while the product is not out and I think establishing strong not out and I think establishing strong. Not out and I think establishing strong presence in brand is definitely one of presence in brand is definitely one of. Presence in brand is definitely one of those things which is what we've been those things which is what we've been. Those things which is what we've been working on very hard um as far as as far working on very hard um as far as as far. Working on very hard um as far as as far as the wallet and the mem coins we we as the wallet and the mem coins we we. As the wallet and the mem coins we we are going to launch in in the in the are going to launch in in the in the. Are going to launch in in the in the next six weeks with a with with a set of next six weeks with a with with a set of. Next six weeks with a with with a set of uh with most likely with a closed beta uh with most likely with a closed beta. Uh with most likely with a closed beta for for some of the users to give us for for some of the users to give us. For for some of the users to give us feedback um and uh we've been yeah we've feedback um and uh we've been yeah we've. Feedback um and uh we've been yeah we've been we've been moving towards that been we've been moving towards that. Been we've been moving towards that that's super that's super that's super exciting Okay I uh I think that's all we. Exciting Okay I uh I think that's all we exciting Okay I uh I think that's all we. Have time for today but I would love to have time for today but I would love to have time for today but I would love to. Do a followup when uh when you hit the do a followup when uh when you hit the do a followup when uh when you hit the. Maybe when you hit test net or hit the maybe when you hit test net or hit the maybe when you hit test net or hit the. Main net uh maybe do a followup and and main net uh maybe do a followup and and main net uh maybe do a followup and and. See how it looks like um but so far it's see how it looks like um but so far it's. See how it looks like um but so far it's been super exciting to to follow follow been super exciting to to follow follow. Been super exciting to to follow follow your journey and yeah see see the hustle your journey and yeah see see the hustle. Your journey and yeah see see the hustle you do to to get people excited about it. You do to to get people excited about it you do to to get people excited about it. I think that's that's uh something a lot I think that's that's uh something a lot. I think that's that's uh something a lot of startups can learn a lot from so so of startups can learn a lot from so so. Of startups can learn a lot from so so thank you so much for joining today thank you so much for joining today. Thank you so much for joining today absolutely thank thank you very much and absolutely thank thank you very much and. Absolutely thank thank you very much and our goal is to drive adoption for uh our goal is to drive adoption for uh. Our goal is to drive adoption for uh crypto and blockchain which is which is crypto and blockchain which is which is. Crypto and blockchain which is which is extremely hard to do if you have to extremely hard to do if you have to. Extremely hard to do if you have to worry about all the seat phrases all of worry about all the seat phrases all of. Worry about all the seat phrases all of the all of these Crypton native things the all of these Crypton native things. The all of these Crypton native things and as you know I want people I already and as you know I want people I already. And as you know I want people I already got my mom pretty involved in crypto she got my mom pretty involved in crypto she. Got my mom pretty involved in crypto she has crypto in her Ira she has crypto has crypto in her Ira she has crypto. Has crypto in her Ira she has crypto wallets she does all of that uh my my wallets she does all of that uh my my. Wallets she does all of that uh my my next goal is to get my grandma involved next goal is to get my grandma involved. Next goal is to get my grandma involved and uh she is she's gonna be a client of and uh she is she's gonna be a client of. And uh she is she's gonna be a client of uh a customer of rant me Daddy and uh a customer of rant me Daddy and. Uh a customer of rant me Daddy and she'll be trading memes H so that's she'll be trading memes H so that's. She'll be trading memes H so that's that's that's the goal and that's what that's that's the goal and that's what. That's that's the goal and that's what we're working towards that's amazing we're working towards that's amazing. We're working towards that's amazing okay thank you so much for joining today okay thank you so much for joining today. Okay thank you so much for joining today and I'm looking forward to doing a and I'm looking forward to doing a. And I'm looking forward to doing a followup uh when uh when you have more followup uh when uh when you have more. Followup uh when uh when you have more to share I think that could be to share I think that could be. To share I think that could be interesting to do awk thank you so much interesting to do awk thank you so much. Interesting to do awk thank you so much for joining thanks for having me thank for joining thanks for having me thank. For joining thanks for having me thank you bye you bye you bye bye that was all we had time for for. Bye that was all we had time for for bye that was all we had time for for today for the regular Stella developer. Today for the regular Stella developer today for the regular Stella developer meeting uh in about five minutes we'll. Meeting uh in about five minutes we'll meeting uh in about five minutes we'll shift over to Discord where we have uh. Shift over to Discord where we have uh shift over to Discord where we have uh we have a protocol discussion today and. We have a protocol discussion today and we have a protocol discussion today and both this uh this meeting and the the. Both this uh this meeting and the the both this uh this meeting and the the protocol discussion meeting uh will be. Protocol discussion meeting uh will be protocol discussion meeting uh will be available as um as a recording uh later. Available as um as a recording uh later available as um as a recording uh later so thank you for joining. So thank you for joining so thank you for joining everyone bye.
