All right. Uh I'll get started. I All right. Uh I'll get started. I welcome everyone to today's protocol. Welcome everyone to today's protocol welcome everyone to today's protocol meeting where we'll be discussing some. Meeting where we'll be discussing some meeting where we'll be discussing some recent changes to two core advancement. Recent changes to two core advancement recent changes to two core advancement proposals uh cap 63 and 67. So first. Proposals uh cap 63 and 67. So first proposals uh cap 63 and 67. So first I'll start with uh some se several cap. I'll start with uh some se several cap I'll start with uh some se several cap 67 updates. Uh the first one is that we. 67 updates. Uh the first one is that we 67 updates. Uh the first one is that we emit the uh set authorized event to give. Emit the uh set authorized event to give emit the uh set authorized event to give. The unified events parody with the the unified events parody with the the unified events parody with the. Stellar asset contract. Uh there's also stellar asset contract. Uh there's also stellar asset contract. Uh there's also. A change specified that the inflation a change specified that the inflation a change specified that the inflation. Operation will uh emit a mint event for operation will uh emit a mint event for operation will uh emit a mint event for. Each each each payout. Uh there's also uh a change to payout. Uh there's also uh a change to. Payout. Uh there's also uh a change to prohibit mox source accounts and memos prohibit mox source accounts and memos. Prohibit mox source accounts and memos for sorbon transactions and the uh this for sorbon transactions and the uh this. For sorbon transactions and the uh this is because like so the the mox source is because like so the the mox source. Is because like so the the mox source we're prohibiting the mox source to we're prohibiting the mox source to. We're prohibiting the mox source to avoid any confusion confusion on events avoid any confusion confusion on events. Avoid any confusion confusion on events and that along with the memos are not and that along with the memos are not. And that along with the memos are not signed in the o payload. So we're just signed in the o payload. So we're just. Signed in the o payload. So we're just prohibiting them altogether. Uh there's prohibiting them altogether. Uh there's. Prohibiting them altogether. Uh there's also a change to have all diagnostics also a change to have all diagnostics. Also a change to have all diagnostics live in the single transaction level live in the single transaction level. Live in the single transaction level vector and remove the operation specific vector and remove the operation specific. Vector and remove the operation specific diagnostics vector that cap 67 uh diagnostics vector that cap 67 uh. Diagnostics vector that cap 67 uh originally originally originally implemented. Uh and we also added the. Implemented. Uh and we also added the implemented. Uh and we also added the emu account support that we discussed uh. Emu account support that we discussed uh emu account support that we discussed uh. At the last protocol meeting and all at the last protocol meeting and all at the last protocol meeting and all. These changes can be in the cap 67 link these changes can be in the cap 67 link these changes can be in the cap 67 link. Can be seen in the cap 67 link that I can be seen in the cap 67 link that I can be seen in the cap 67 link that I. Shared below. Uh and the last change is shared below. Uh and the last change is shared below. Uh and the last change is. That it's not a change, it's more of a that it's not a change, it's more of a that it's not a change, it's more of a. Detail that we will discuss in this detail that we will discuss in this detail that we will discuss in this. Meeting which is that there's no meeting which is that there's no meeting which is that there's no. Specific event for fee refunds. Uh and specific event for fee refunds. Uh and specific event for fee refunds. Uh and. This it's conflated to the fee event. This it's conflated to the fee event. This it's conflated to the fee event. And And And uh this is related to the cap 63 change uh this is related to the cap 63 change. Uh this is related to the cap 63 change that I I'll discuss in a moment. But that I I'll discuss in a moment. But. That I I'll discuss in a moment. But before I move on, does anyone have any questions? All right. Then uh then I'll. Questions? All right. Then uh then I'll move on to the uh the cap 63 change. One move on to the uh the cap 63 change. One. Move on to the uh the cap 63 change. One sec. Can can everyone hear me? Okay. Yeah. Then uh yeah, I'll move. Me? Okay. Yeah. Then uh yeah, I'll move on to the cap 63 change. Uh which is the on to the cap 63 change. Uh which is the. On to the cap 63 change. Uh which is the a change to apply the fee refunds after a change to apply the fee refunds after. A change to apply the fee refunds after all sorbond transactions have been all sorbond transactions have been. All sorbond transactions have been applied instead of after each applied instead of after each. Applied instead of after each transaction like it is today. Uh so we transaction like it is today. Uh so we. Transaction like it is today. Uh so we this this was done because the fee this this was done because the fee. This this was done because the fee source is not part of the footprint and source is not part of the footprint and. Source is not part of the footprint and this is an issue because it's possible this is an issue because it's possible. This is an issue because it's possible for that same account to be used in a for that same account to be used in a. For that same account to be used in a sorbon transaction. So if you apply sorbon transaction. So if you apply. Sorbon transaction. So if you apply transactions in parallel uh you would transactions in parallel uh you would. Transactions in parallel uh you would need to make sure that the fee source need to make sure that the fee source. Need to make sure that the fee source doesn't conflict the the the refund doesn't conflict the the the refund. Doesn't conflict the the the refund doesn't conflict with a different doesn't conflict with a different. Doesn't conflict with a different transaction that modifies the ex the transaction that modifies the ex the. Transaction that modifies the ex the native excellent balance of an account. Native excellent balance of an account. Native excellent balance of an account. Uh so we had two options here. You would Uh so we had two options here. You would. Uh so we had two options here. You would either need to make the fee source an either need to make the fee source an. Either need to make the fee source an implicit number of the readwrite implicit number of the readwrite. Implicit number of the readwrite footprint or we just changed uh how footprint or we just changed uh how. Footprint or we just changed uh how refunds are are applied and apply them refunds are are applied and apply them. Refunds are are applied and apply them after all store run transactions have after all store run transactions have. After all store run transactions have been applied and we decided that been applied and we decided that. Been applied and we decided that applying the refunds later made more applying the refunds later made more. Applying the refunds later made more sense. That's what cap 67 cap 63 went sense. That's what cap 67 cap 63 went. Sense. That's what cap 67 cap 63 went with. And the relevant cap 67 topic uh with. And the relevant cap 67 topic uh. With. And the relevant cap 67 topic uh to discuss here is that the refund is to discuss here is that the refund is. To discuss here is that the refund is conflated into the fee event. So this is conflated into the fee event. So this is. Conflated into the fee event. So this is fine if the goal is to just track fine if the goal is to just track. Fine if the goal is to just track balances at the end of every ledger. But balances at the end of every ledger. But. Balances at the end of every ledger. But if a user wants to uh infer anything if a user wants to uh infer anything. If a user wants to uh infer anything related to balances in a ledger or in a related to balances in a ledger or in a. Related to balances in a ledger or in a transaction then this can be an issue. Transaction then this can be an issue. Transaction then this can be an issue. Uh because imagine that you have a Uh because imagine that you have a Uh because imagine that you have a. Contract as a example Lee mentioned. you contract as a example Lee mentioned. you. Contract as a example Lee mentioned. you have a contract have a contract have a contract. Where uh it uh the contract does an where uh it uh the contract does an where uh it uh the contract does an. Action based off an account falling action based off an account falling action based off an account falling. Below a certain balance below a certain balance below a certain balance uh because the fee was charged to that. Uh because the fee was charged to that uh because the fee was charged to that account. Uh but if we emit the the fee. Account. Uh but if we emit the the fee account. Uh but if we emit the the fee as the fee plus refund when you look at. As the fee plus refund when you look at as the fee plus refund when you look at the events later on like for example if. The events later on like for example if the events later on like for example if you're doing an audit you will never see. You're doing an audit you will never see you're doing an audit you will never see. That the account dropped below that that the account dropped below that that the account dropped below that. Balance that the account triggered on balance that the account triggered on balance that the account triggered on. That the contract triggered on. Uh so that the contract triggered on. Uh so that the contract triggered on. Uh so. This is an edge case and I'm not sure if this is an edge case and I'm not sure if. This is an edge case and I'm not sure if this like something we can discuss is if. This like something we can discuss is if this like something we can discuss is if. This if this use case actually matters. This if this use case actually matters. This if this use case actually matters. Uh but the alternative would be to maybe Uh but the alternative would be to maybe. Uh but the alternative would be to maybe emit a a separate refund event. But we emit a a separate refund event. But we. Emit a a separate refund event. But we actually open up another can of worms actually open up another can of worms. Actually open up another can of worms here which is that if you're the fees here which is that if you're the fees. Here which is that if you're the fees are applied all fees are applied before are applied all fees are applied before. Are applied all fees are applied before are charged before the the operations are charged before the the operations. Are charged before the the operations are applied. So you would need to make are applied. So you would need to make. Are applied. So you would need to make convey the information about the convey the information about the. Convey the information about the ordering in which the balances change in ordering in which the balances change in. Ordering in which the balances change in the events and currently the events are the events and currently the events are. The events and currently the events are just uh a transaction level vector and just uh a transaction level vector and. Just uh a transaction level vector and an operation level vector but we would an operation level vector but we would. An operation level vector but we would need to we might need to make some need to we might need to make some. Need to we might need to make some changes where the structure that's in TX changes where the structure that's in TX. Changes where the structure that's in TX meta which is you have the you have meta which is you have the you have. Meta which is you have the you have everything that happens pre-apply everything that happens pre-apply. Everything that happens pre-apply uh everything that happens during uh everything that happens during. Uh everything that happens during transaction application and everything transaction application and everything. Transaction application and everything that happens post transaction that happens post transaction. That happens post transaction application. we need to uh convey that application. we need to uh convey that. Application. we need to uh convey that same information in the events and we same information in the events and we. Same information in the events and we should and if we do need this should and if we do need this. Should and if we do need this granularity that might be the path to granularity that might be the path to. Granularity that might be the path to take. Uh so so uh yeah if does anyone take. Uh so so uh yeah if does anyone. Take. Uh so so uh yeah if does anyone have any questions about this or or have have any questions about this or or have. Have any questions about this or or have any input? Um uh what I wanted to tell is that like Um uh what I wanted to tell is that like. We don't have many people today. Um and we don't have many people today. Um and we don't have many people today. Um and. We also don't have Lee and we don't have we also don't have Lee and we don't have. We also don't have Lee and we don't have Nico and others. So I mean you Nico and others. So I mean you. Nico and others. So I mean you definitely could listen to what folks definitely could listen to what folks. Definitely could listen to what folks who are present think but yeah sounds like I can afford just. But yeah sounds like I can afford just yeah exactly uh yeah I'm inclined myself yeah exactly uh yeah I'm inclined myself. Yeah exactly uh yeah I'm inclined myself to just uh not do anything and just to just uh not do anything and just. To just uh not do anything and just clarify in the cap that events should clarify in the cap that events should. Clarify in the cap that events should not be used for modeling the exact not be used for modeling the exact. Not be used for modeling the exact balances during the ledger application balances during the ledger application. Balances during the ledger application time because fees are in general charged time because fees are in general charged. Time because fees are in general charged at different points in time. At different points in time. At different points in time. Um, okay. Here's Um, okay. Here's Um, okay. Here's Nicholas. Nicholas. Nicholas. Uh, yeah, it seems to me like that's uh Uh, yeah, it seems to me like that's uh Uh, yeah, it seems to me like that's uh. The thing to do here and if someone has the thing to do here and if someone has the thing to do here and if someone has. Objections, you can discuss them async. Objections, you can discuss them async. Objections, you can discuss them async. Um yeah because otherwise we would Um yeah because otherwise we would Um yeah because otherwise we would. Introduce a lot of structural complexity introduce a lot of structural complexity. Introduce a lot of structural complexity in meta in meta in meta uh for meta in events and we wanted. Uh for meta in events and we wanted uh for meta in events and we wanted events to be rather simple to consume. Events to be rather simple to consume events to be rather simple to consume and hopefully the. And hopefully the and hopefully the consumers of events not worry about consumers of events not worry about. Consumers of events not worry about just reor operation but yeah that's my just reor operation but yeah that's my. Just reor operation but yeah that's my take on this take on this take on this um Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I I the use cases we've Yeah. I agree. I I the use cases we've discussed with rel in relation to cap 67. Discussed with rel in relation to cap 67 discussed with rel in relation to cap 67. Tend to be for just tracking balances tend to be for just tracking balances tend to be for just tracking balances. Uh which seems like you know uh which seems like you know uh which seems like you know. Tracking you updating your balance at tracking you updating your balance at tracking you updating your balance at. The end of every ledger is what what the end of every ledger is what what the end of every ledger is what what. This was designed for. And if you if you this was designed for. And if you if you. This was designed for. And if you if you want to use this for if you when you do want to use this for if you when you do. Want to use this for if you when you do anything related to like audits or anything related to like audits or. Anything related to like audits or anything more granular, I feel like TX anything more granular, I feel like TX. Anything more granular, I feel like TX meta should be enough. Um and making meta should be enough. Um and making. Meta should be enough. Um and making this system more complicated to handle this system more complicated to handle. This system more complicated to handle those use cases doesn't seem to to be those use cases doesn't seem to to be. Those use cases doesn't seem to to be the right right move here. So I I I the right right move here. So I I I. The right right move here. So I I I agree with you. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And agree with you. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And. Agree with you. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And I guess the bottom line here is that I guess the bottom line here is that. I guess the bottom line here is that like even though the effects are when like even though the effects are when. Like even though the effects are when the ledger has been applied, you still the ledger has been applied, you still. The ledger has been applied, you still get the correct value for transaction. Get the correct value for transaction. Get the correct value for transaction. It just applied at different points in It just applied at different points in It just applied at different points in. Time, but then when you're looking at time, but then when you're looking at time, but then when you're looking at. Transaction events, you'll still get the transaction events, you'll still get the. Transaction events, you'll still get the correct key charge that corresponds to correct key charge that corresponds to. Correct key charge that corresponds to what happened in reality. Um, you just what happened in reality. Um, you just. What happened in reality. Um, you just don't know the exact details when don't know the exact details when. Don't know the exact details when exactly has been charged. So, um, exactly has been charged. So, um,. Exactly has been charged. So, um, hopefully for most hopefully for most hopefully for most. Intense purposes, please. So yeah, I I intense purposes, please. So yeah, I I intense purposes, please. So yeah, I I. Guess we can write this up and update guess we can write this up and update guess we can write this up and update. The cap and yeah, we can update the cap the cap and yeah, we can update the cap the cap and yeah, we can update the cap. And respond in that thread. Okay. Does anyone else have any have any Okay. Does anyone else have any have any. Input? We have a small group today. Um input? We have a small group today. Um input? We have a small group today. Um. So unless anyone has any uh any other so unless anyone has any uh any other so unless anyone has any uh any other. Questions, we can probably call it call questions, we can probably call it call questions, we can probably call it call. It early. All right. Well, it was a quick one All right. Well, it was a quick one today. Thank you for joining and uh. Today. Thank you for joining and uh today. Thank you for joining and uh yeah, thanks Nemo for your. Yeah, thanks Nemo for your yeah, thanks Nemo for your input. All right. See you.
