Hello and welcome to this me this week's hello and welcome to this me this week's. Uh Stella developer meeting today I have uh Stella developer meeting today I have. Uh Stella developer meeting today I have a guest and the guest is actually from a guest and the guest is actually from. A guest and the guest is actually from my own team it's uh Elliot and uh and my own team it's uh Elliot and uh and. My own team it's uh Elliot and uh and ell is going to talk about a project ell is going to talk about a project. Ell is going to talk about a project that he's been working on and it's it's that he's been working on and it's it's. That he's been working on and it's it's a fun project uh in our team and the a fun project uh in our team and the. A fun project uh in our team and the deal team we talked about it should be deal team we talked about it should be. Deal team we talked about it should be fun to learn to to build on on stellar fun to learn to to build on on stellar. Fun to learn to to build on on stellar and one of the ways can do that is to and one of the ways can do that is to. And one of the ways can do that is to play around ourself and and build some play around ourself and and build some. Play around ourself and and build some some cool stuff uh we can play around some cool stuff uh we can play around. Some cool stuff uh we can play around with and uh hopefully you find find fun with and uh hopefully you find find fun. With and uh hopefully you find find fun too and then of course there's a lot of too and then of course there's a lot of. Too and then of course there's a lot of learning involved in that so I'm very learning involved in that so I'm very. Learning involved in that so I'm very very excited to to introduce you to uh very excited to to introduce you to uh. Very excited to to introduce you to uh to Eliot and and his pet project kale to Eliot and and his pet project kale. To Eliot and and his pet project kale fil uh so maybe you can just give a fil uh so maybe you can just give a. Fil uh so maybe you can just give a little introduction to how how did this little introduction to how how did this. Little introduction to how how did this all get started I think has something to all get started I think has something to. All get started I think has something to do with kale yeah so um uh like Carson do with kale yeah so um uh like Carson. Do with kale yeah so um uh like Carson mentioned my my name is Elliot I am a mentioned my my name is Elliot I am a. Mentioned my my name is Elliot I am a developer Advocate also here at SDF I developer Advocate also here at SDF I. Developer Advocate also here at SDF I get to be at Jack of all trades in a lot get to be at Jack of all trades in a lot. Get to be at Jack of all trades in a lot of ways and I love I've Loved for a long. Of ways and I love I've Loved for a long of ways and I love I've Loved for a long. Long time uh just messing around with long time uh just messing around with long time uh just messing around with. Stellar having fun and um just breaking Stellar having fun and um just breaking Stellar having fun and um just breaking. Stuff as you said Matias um go I was stuff as you said Matias um go I was stuff as you said Matias um go I was. Reminiscing with Tyler earlier today reminiscing with Tyler earlier today reminiscing with Tyler earlier today. About um all the ways that we used to about um all the ways that we used to about um all the ways that we used to. Kind of like Jerry rig this chain of kind of like Jerry rig this chain of kind of like Jerry rig this chain of. Operations into creating some smart operations into creating some smart operations into creating some smart. Contract esque kind of thing um but contract esque kind of thing um but contract esque kind of thing um but. Sorban is one-year-old today and we have sorban is one-year-old today and we have. Sorban is one-year-old today and we have actual official real life smart actual official real life smart. Actual official real life smart contracts on stellar and it's an amazing contracts on stellar and it's an amazing. Contracts on stellar and it's an amazing time to be developing in the uh time to be developing in the uh. Time to be developing in the uh community and it's an amazing time to be community and it's an amazing time to be. Community and it's an amazing time to be here having fun I think a lot of the here having fun I think a lot of the. Here having fun I think a lot of the time we get kind of like caught up in time we get kind of like caught up in. Time we get kind of like caught up in the seriousness of what we are doing the seriousness of what we are doing. The seriousness of what we are doing here at stellar and the uh the real life here at stellar and the uh the real life. Here at stellar and the uh the real life implications of what we're building and implications of what we're building and. Implications of what we're building and sometimes there's just room for like sometimes there's just room for like. Sometimes there's just room for like something on the lighter side you know something on the lighter side you know. Something on the lighter side you know and so Tyler uh started that in that and so Tyler uh started that in that. And so Tyler uh started that in that vein recently with kale I think it was vein recently with kale I think it was. Vein recently with kale I think it was back in November he kind of launched back in November he kind of launched. Back in November he kind of launched this and so I'll share my screen um now this and so I'll share my screen um now. This and so I'll share my screen um now and yes perfect and um so kale if you and yes perfect and um so kale if you. And yes perfect and um so kale if you aren't aware is sort of like this I'm aren't aware is sort of like this I'm. Aren't aware is sort of like this I'm going to m going to m going to m coins kind of asset built on Stellar uh. Coins kind of asset built on Stellar uh coins kind of asset built on Stellar uh that Tyler AKA kale pale uh introduced. That Tyler AKA kale pale uh introduced that Tyler AKA kale pale uh introduced um originally uh Enrique kind of created. Um originally uh Enrique kind of created um originally uh Enrique kind of created. This uh SCM or fcm uh contract that this uh SCM or fcm uh contract that this uh SCM or fcm uh contract that. Initiated this sort of uh like mining initiated this sort of uh like mining initiated this sort of uh like mining. Competitive sort of asset concept and competitive sort of asset concept and competitive sort of asset concept and. Tyler took that and kind of went in a Tyler took that and kind of went in a Tyler took that and kind of went in a. More teamwork oriented uh kind of more teamwork oriented uh kind of more teamwork oriented uh kind of. Direction with it so if you aren't Direction with it so if you aren't Direction with it so if you aren't. Already I highly suggest you start already I highly suggest you start already I highly suggest you start. Mining some kale it's a lot of fun I'll mining some kale it's a lot of fun I'll mining some kale it's a lot of fun I'll. Demonstrate it's real easy real simple demonstrate it's real easy real simple demonstrate it's real easy real simple. If you're not already logged in uh you if you're not already logged in uh you if you're not already logged in uh you. Can create a new account I'm actually can create a new account I'm actually can create a new account I'm actually. Going to cancel that because I already going to cancel that because I already going to cancel that because I already. Have one uh but I'm gonna log in have one uh but I'm gonna log in have one uh but I'm gonna log in. And I'm presented with this uh oh that and I'm presented with this uh oh that and I'm presented with this uh oh that. Was the wrong one no it wasn't I'm was the wrong one no it wasn't I'm was the wrong one no it wasn't I'm. Presented with this uh this prompt that presented with this uh this prompt that presented with this uh this prompt that. I can plant something and I'm GNA sign I can plant something and I'm GNA sign I can plant something and I'm GNA sign. That with my pass key this is a smart that with my pass key this is a smart that with my pass key this is a smart. Wallet that I've been given um wallet that I've been given um wallet that I've been given um. To uh to plant and sort of get this to uh to plant and sort of get this to uh to plant and sort of get this. Opportunity to mine some kale opportunity to mine some kale opportunity to mine some kale. And everybody is kind of in this and everybody is kind of in this and everybody is kind of in this. Together we're like communally Community together we're like communally Community. Together we're like communally Community Community Driven mining so to speak sort. Community Driven mining so to speak sort Community Driven mining so to speak sort. Of like a pool if you've ever tried of like a pool if you've ever tried of like a pool if you've ever tried. Actually mining ether or Bitcoin or actually mining ether or Bitcoin or actually mining ether or Bitcoin or. Whatever um whatever um whatever um and all of the people for about five and all of the people for about five. And all of the people for about five minutes or so uh pull their efforts to minutes or so uh pull their efforts to. Minutes or so uh pull their efforts to kind of hash and create this kind of hash and create this. Kind of hash and create this like this uh hash that has a certain like this uh hash that has a certain. Like this uh hash that has a certain amount of zeros there's a lot of math uh amount of zeros there's a lot of math uh. Amount of zeros there's a lot of math uh if you click on Tyler's project if you click on Tyler's project. If you click on Tyler's project repository here it'll take you to um his repository here it'll take you to um his. Repository here it'll take you to um his GitHub where there's all kinds of stuff GitHub where there's all kinds of stuff. GitHub where there's all kinds of stuff uh about how the math works and um uh about how the math works and um. Uh about how the math works and um as a group of people it all yeah um it as a group of people it all yeah um it. As a group of people it all yeah um it all all all gets mathed together and when you work. Gets mathed together and when you work gets mathed together and when you work and then eventually Harvest after a. And then eventually Harvest after a and then eventually Harvest after a block has been uh successfully planted. Block has been uh successfully planted block has been uh successfully planted and revealed I don't know if that's the. And revealed I don't know if that's the and revealed I don't know if that's the right word um then everybody can Harvest. Right word um then everybody can Harvest right word um then everybody can Harvest. And you get your kale uh back to you not and you get your kale uh back to you not. And you get your kale uh back to you not back to you you get kale minted to you back to you you get kale minted to you. Back to you you get kale minted to you you can automate it with his website and you can automate it with his website and. You can automate it with his website and you don't have to use this website to do. You don't have to use this website to do you don't have to use this website to do. It but it's a lot of fun and it's it but it's a lot of fun and it's it but it's a lot of fun and it's. Honestly the easiest way to do it um you honestly the easiest way to do it um you. Honestly the easiest way to do it um you C we've got a leaderboard here and you C we've got a leaderboard here and you. C we've got a leaderboard here and you can see that uh Bri right here with her can see that uh Bri right here with her. Can see that uh Bri right here with her 3,000 or so is in the top 10 3,000 or so is in the top 10. 3,000 or so is in the top 10 congratulations um and yeah it's a lot congratulations um and yeah it's a lot. Congratulations um and yeah it's a lot of fun a lot uh a lot of community is of fun a lot uh a lot of community is. Of fun a lot uh a lot of community is kind of built up around this and um and kind of built up around this and um and. Kind of built up around this and um and it's a really good time to check it out it's a really good time to check it out. It's a really good time to check it out and to get involved and to get involved and to get involved. The thing that everybody's been asking the thing that everybody's been asking the thing that everybody's been asking. Though is like I've got this kale I've though is like I've got this kale I've though is like I've got this kale I've. Got in this wallet one and a half or so got in this wallet one and a half or so got in this wallet one and a half or so. Oh I get to harvest one and a half or so oh I get to harvest one and a half or so. Oh I get to harvest one and a half or so kale that um I've mined what do I do kale that um I've mined what do I do. Kale that um I've mined what do I do with it and up to now it's kind of been with it and up to now it's kind of been. With it and up to now it's kind of been like not that much like there's not like not that much like there's not. Like not that much like there's not really a market for it you're not really really a market for it you're not really. Really a market for it you're not really like selling it and that's kind of by like selling it and that's kind of by. Like selling it and that's kind of by Design um so what I created I'm Design um so what I created I'm. Design um so what I created I'm affectionately calling kale affectionately calling kale. Affectionately calling kale fail and Tyler really loves that name fail and Tyler really loves that name. Fail and Tyler really loves that name he's super excited about it and um it's he's super excited about it and um it's. He's super excited about it and um it's just sort of a riff a spin if you will just sort of a riff a spin if you will. Just sort of a riff a spin if you will on uh this this kale asset that Tyler's on uh this this kale asset that Tyler's. On uh this this kale asset that Tyler's put together and so right now it is put together and so right now it is. Put together and so right now it is essentially a trading contract and this essentially a trading contract and this. Essentially a trading contract and this contract makes it possible for you to contract makes it possible for you to. Contract makes it possible for you to send kale just like his farming site you send kale just like his farming site you. Send kale just like his farming site you can sign up here uh with a smart wallet can sign up here uh with a smart wallet. Can sign up here uh with a smart wallet it'll give you a smart wallet and um you it'll give you a smart wallet and um you. It'll give you a smart wallet and um you can put some kale into that contract can put some kale into that contract. Can put some kale into that contract into your smart wallet and then you can into your smart wallet and then you can. Into your smart wallet and then you can trade it for right now we've got trade it for right now we've got. Trade it for right now we've got broccoli we've got cabbage we've got broccoli we've got cabbage we've got. Broccoli we've got cabbage we've got kabi uh if you don't know the farming kabi uh if you don't know the farming. Kabi uh if you don't know the farming lingo uh those are all different lingo uh those are all different. Lingo uh those are all different cultivars of the same species of plant cultivars of the same species of plant. Cultivars of the same species of plant as kale it's like really they're all the as kale it's like really they're all the. As kale it's like really they're all the same thing which is why it's always same thing which is why it's always. Same thing which is why it's always tradable one to one and so I'm going to tradable one to one and so I'm going to. Tradable one to one and so I'm going to send like a 100 kale let's get some send like a 100 kale let's get some. Send like a 100 kale let's get some broccoli back make the Trade sign with broccoli back make the Trade sign with. Broccoli back make the Trade sign with your smart your smart your smart wallet and then it thinks for a second. Wallet and then it thinks for a second wallet and then it thinks for a second and it thinks for a second longer and it. And it thinks for a second longer and it and it thinks for a second longer and it. Thinks for one more second and 105 kale I mean broccoli now second and 105 kale I mean broccoli now. In my wallet let's do the same thing in my wallet let's do the same thing in my wallet let's do the same thing. With with with cabbage and it's essentially just the cabbage and it's essentially just the. Cabbage and it's essentially just the smart contract is holding on to the kale smart contract is holding on to the kale. Smart contract is holding on to the kale in the reserves and you can see this in the reserves and you can see this. In the reserves and you can see this update date as the uh transactions go update date as the uh transactions go. Update date as the uh transactions go through um it's holding it in reserve through um it's holding it in reserve. Through um it's holding it in reserve and it's minting new vegetables to me uh and it's minting new vegetables to me uh. And it's minting new vegetables to me uh let's do Co Robbie as well I'm going to let's do Co Robbie as well I'm going to. Let's do Co Robbie as well I'm going to make a trade sign in and I'm going to make a trade sign in and I'm going to. Make a trade sign in and I'm going to get as many vegetables as I dang well get as many vegetables as I dang well. Get as many vegetables as I dang well please because I need the fiber or please because I need the fiber or. Please because I need the fiber or something I don't really know what something I don't really know what. Something I don't really know what vegetables are good for but now I'm vegetables are good for but now I'm. Vegetables are good for but now I'm sitting here I've got 100 each is of bro sitting here I've got 100 each is of bro. Sitting here I've got 100 each is of bro Oli cabbage col Oli cabbage col Oli cabbage col. Robie and the way I designed this Robie and the way I designed this Robie and the way I designed this. Contract is that it's kind of contract is that it's kind of contract is that it's kind of. Extensible if that's the right word I'm extensible if that's the right word I'm extensible if that's the right word I'm. Not entirely sure um to allow you to not entirely sure um to allow you to not entirely sure um to allow you to. Allow the owner of the Trading Post uh allow the owner of the Trading Post uh allow the owner of the Trading Post uh. To update their stock or add new to update their stock or add new to update their stock or add new. Vegetables take them away and kind of vegetables take them away and kind of vegetables take them away and kind of. Expand and grow as as the expand and grow as as the expand and grow as as the arises so what I'm going to do here I'm. Arises so what I'm going to do here I'm arises so what I'm going to do here I'm going to copy paste this link into the. Going to copy paste this link into the going to copy paste this link into the chat as well uh and then I'm G to try my. Chat as well uh and then I'm G to try my chat as well uh and then I'm G to try my. Best to share a different best to share a different best to share a different window what if I do that and. Window what if I do that and window what if I do that and present and we can present and we can. Present and we can do this do this do this one does that work does everybody see one does that work does everybody see. One does that work does everybody see that that that cool NOP that's the wrong I don't want. Cool NOP that's the wrong I don't want cool NOP that's the wrong I don't want that okay so the contract works it's. That okay so the contract works it's that okay so the contract works it's pretty simple as far it's split into. Pretty simple as far it's split into pretty simple as far it's split into like owner customer kind of interfaces. Like owner customer kind of interfaces like owner customer kind of interfaces um and really there's one function for. Um and really there's one function for um and really there's one function for the customer it's trade right you have. The customer it's trade right you have the customer it's trade right you have an address for your customer what. An address for your customer what an address for your customer what vegetable you want to trade how much of. Vegetable you want to trade how much of vegetable you want to trade how much of it and whether or not you're buying kale. It and whether or not you're buying kale it and whether or not you're buying kale. Whether you're getting kale out of the whether you're getting kale out of the whether you're getting kale out of the. Exchange or if you are getting exchange or if you are getting exchange or if you are getting. Um broccoli or whatever the case may be um broccoli or whatever the case may be um broccoli or whatever the case may be. And it does it just makes sure that it's and it does it just makes sure that it's. And it does it just makes sure that it's an actual vegetable that we have in an actual vegetable that we have in. An actual vegetable that we have in stock it sets up a couple of clients stock it sets up a couple of clients. Stock it sets up a couple of clients depending on if you're buying kale or depending on if you're buying kale or. Depending on if you're buying kale or selling kale um and then it it if it's selling kale um and then it it if it's. Selling kale um and then it it if it's kale that you're buying that means kale kale that you're buying that means kale. Kale that you're buying that means kale is going to be transferred from The is going to be transferred from The. Is going to be transferred from The Trading Post contract into your own Trading Post contract into your own. Trading Post contract into your own wallet it's going to burn the broccoli wallet it's going to burn the broccoli. Wallet it's going to burn the broccoli or cabbage or whatever you're Trading or cabbage or whatever you're Trading. Or cabbage or whatever you're Trading and it's going to transfer from The and it's going to transfer from The. And it's going to transfer from The Trading Post contract into your customer Trading Post contract into your customer. Trading Post contract into your customer wallet otherwise it's going to receive wallet otherwise it's going to receive. Wallet otherwise it's going to receive as the kale receive the kale into the as the kale receive the kale into the. As the kale receive the kale into the Trading Post contract transfer and then Trading Post contract transfer and then. Trading Post contract transfer and then it's going to Mint the vegetable uh into it's going to Mint the vegetable uh into. It's going to Mint the vegetable uh into your smart your smart your smart wallet but I also have this owner. Wallet but I also have this owner wallet but I also have this owner interface that allows me to add. Interface that allows me to add interface that allows me to add vegetables when I see fit so if you'll. Vegetables when I see fit so if you'll vegetables when I see fit so if you'll all bear with me I'm going to try this. All bear with me I'm going to try this all bear with me I'm going to try this without uh having done this before we're. Without uh having done this before we're without uh having done this before we're. Going to try this real real live I'm going to try this real real live I'm going to try this real real live I'm. Going to add brussels sprouts Raph has going to add brussels sprouts Raph has going to add brussels sprouts Raph has. Been asking for brussels sprouts uh been asking for brussels sprouts uh been asking for brussels sprouts uh. Since the day I launched this so I since the day I launched this so I since the day I launched this so I. Figure it's probably time to give him figure it's probably time to give him figure it's probably time to give him. What he wants so we're going to Stellar what he wants so we're going to Stellar what he wants so we're going to Stellar. Contract asset contract asset contract asset deploy deploy deploy source is going to be kale Bale that's. Source is going to be kale Bale that's source is going to be kale Bale that's what I call it um. What I call it um what I call it um network is main net and the asset is network is main net and the asset is. Network is main net and the asset is going to be this going to be this going to be this. Thing that I'm copy pasting right thing that I'm copy pasting right thing that I'm copy pasting right. Now so what you don't know is that now so what you don't know is that now so what you don't know is that. Russell's Sprouts is far more than 12 Russell's Sprouts is far more than 12 Russell's Sprouts is far more than 12. Characters which is the maximum uh characters which is the maximum uh characters which is the maximum uh. Amount that can be amount that can be amount that can be um that can be an asset name so I had a. Um that can be an asset name so I had a um that can be an asset name so I had a real hard time landing on a proper. Real hard time landing on a proper real hard time landing on a proper abbreviation for what brussel's Sprouts. Abbreviation for what brussel's Sprouts abbreviation for what brussel's Sprouts should be okay so the asset is deployed. Should be okay so the asset is deployed should be okay so the asset is deployed so we will Stellar. So we will Stellar so we will Stellar contract invoke source is kale contract invoke source is kale. Contract invoke source is kale fail no yes kale fail no yes kale fail no yes kale. Fail uh network is main net ID is going fail uh network is main net ID is going fail uh network is main net ID is going. To be to be to be whatever whatever whatever this asset contract this asset contract. This asset contract was and we're going going to invoke the was and we're going going to invoke the. Was and we're going going to invoke the set admin function new admin is going to set admin function new admin is going to. Set admin function new admin is going to be the Trading Post contract address and the transaction is signing. Address and the transaction is signing and submitting and then we get transaction. Submitting and then we get transaction successful where where is it where is it successful where where is it where is it. Successful where where is it where is it true cool I always look for that uh now true cool I always look for that uh now. True cool I always look for that uh now we get to add it to our Trading Post F we get to add it to our Trading Post F. We get to add it to our Trading Post F contract invoke Source kale fail Network contract invoke Source kale fail Network. Contract invoke Source kale fail Network main net ID is the Trading Post main net ID is the Trading Post. Main net ID is the Trading Post contract and we're going to invoke the contract and we're going to invoke the. Contract and we're going to invoke the add add add vegetables function new NOP it's called. Vegetables function new NOP it's called vegetables function new NOP it's called veg doubles. To add because I am real creative to add because I am real creative mattius and we're going to make an array. Mattius and we're going to make an array mattius and we're going to make an array. Of or vector rather of of or vector rather of of or vector rather of addresses if we wanted to do more than. Addresses if we wanted to do more than addresses if we wanted to do more than one uh and then we. One uh and then we one uh and then we invoke simulation's okay submission looks like it's okay. Okay submission looks like it's okay let's go uh back to I know I'm giving let's go uh back to I know I'm giving. Let's go uh back to I know I'm giving you guys Whiplash with all of you guys Whiplash with all of. You guys Whiplash with all of these um window switches okay now we go these um window switches okay now we go. These um window switches okay now we go back lucky yes the vegetables available are. Lucky yes the vegetables available are now including brussels now including brussels. Now including brussels sprouts so I'm going to snatch up some sprouts so I'm going to snatch up some. Sprouts so I'm going to snatch up some of of of that BR Sprouts is about the closest. That BR Sprouts is about the closest that BR Sprouts is about the closest thing it was my wife's. Thing it was my wife's thing it was my wife's idea she actually enjoys brussel sprouts. Idea she actually enjoys brussel sprouts idea she actually enjoys brussel sprouts. Which is sin basically but now I am the which is sin basically but now I am the which is sin basically but now I am the. First one with my very own Russell first one with my very own Russell first one with my very own Russell. Sprouts be sure to grab some on your own Sprouts be sure to grab some on your own. Sprouts be sure to grab some on your own um I've got a couple things up next for um I've got a couple things up next for. Um I've got a couple things up next for kale fail uh number one is kale fail uh number one is. Kale fail uh number one is that it's a pain in the butt to sign up that it's a pain in the butt to sign up. That it's a pain in the butt to sign up for kale fail for kale mine some kale for kale fail for kale mine some kale. For kale fail for kale mine some kale and get some stuff there and then and get some stuff there and then. And get some stuff there and then also um have to sign up for kale fail also um have to sign up for kale fail. Also um have to sign up for kale fail transfer the tokens do all that before transfer the tokens do all that before. Transfer the tokens do all that before you can actually do anything so I'm you can actually do anything so I'm. You can actually do anything so I'm going to set up an ad signer kind of going to set up an ad signer kind of. Going to set up an ad signer kind of functionality where you can log in to functionality where you can log in to. Functionality where you can log in to kale fail with your existing kale wallet kale fail with your existing kale wallet. Kale fail with your existing kale wallet I'm excited for that uh should be really. I'm excited for that uh should be really I'm excited for that uh should be really. Soon able to do that uh next thing after soon able to do that uh next thing after. Soon able to do that uh next thing after that is this kitchen that Tyler and that is this kitchen that Tyler and. That is this kitchen that Tyler and jrome have been itching to get a hold of jrome have been itching to get a hold of. Jrome have been itching to get a hold of uh soon we'll have a salad like nft uh soon we'll have a salad like nft. Uh soon we'll have a salad like nft basically just kind of a pretty simple basically just kind of a pretty simple. Basically just kind of a pretty simple like let's trade your Co tokens burn the like let's trade your Co tokens burn the. Like let's trade your Co tokens burn the vegetables and and give you a really vegetables and and give you a really. Vegetables and and give you a really pretty picture of a salad or something pretty picture of a salad or something. Pretty picture of a salad or something else I'm not sure what other produce else I'm not sure what other produce. Else I'm not sure what other produce related things might be in store um but related things might be in store um but. Related things might be in store um but soon after that got in mind for like soon after that got in mind for like. Soon after that got in mind for like more fancier nfts if any of you have more fancier nfts if any of you have. More fancier nfts if any of you have been around for like four or so years been around for like four or so years. Been around for like four or so years and remember the smart nfts that Tyler and remember the smart nfts that Tyler. And remember the smart nfts that Tyler put together some maybe interesting put together some maybe interesting. Put together some maybe interesting Concepts similar to that but actually on Concepts similar to that but actually on. Concepts similar to that but actually on soron um and even maybe like Community soron um and even maybe like Community. Soron um and even maybe like Community submitted uh recipes or other kinds of submitted uh recipes or other kinds of. Submitted uh recipes or other kinds of nft goodness fun things that can be nft goodness fun things that can be. Nft goodness fun things that can be voted on maybe and approved and all that voted on maybe and approved and all that. Voted on maybe and approved and all that kind of stuff I'm super open to any kind of stuff I'm super open to any. Kind of stuff I'm super open to any ideas you guys have or anything that ideas you guys have or anything that. Ideas you guys have or anything that people kind of generally want to see or people kind of generally want to see or. People kind of generally want to see or what do you want to do with your kale what do you want to do with your kale. What do you want to do with your kale maybe we can make it happen but yeah maybe we can make it happen but yeah. Maybe we can make it happen but yeah that is kale fail in a nutshell that is kale fail in a nutshell. That is kale fail in a nutshell everybody go have some fun enjoy uh the everybody go have some fun enjoy uh the. Everybody go have some fun enjoy uh the AI art that I stole from Tyler's uh site AI art that I stole from Tyler's uh site. AI art that I stole from Tyler's uh site to begin with and read all of the to begin with and read all of the. To begin with and read all of the Fantastic lore that Bri has put together Fantastic lore that Bri has put together. Fantastic lore that Bri has put together like it is phenomenal all of the like like it is phenomenal all of the like. Like it is phenomenal all of the like five whole chapters like it's a freaking five whole chapters like it's a freaking. Five whole chapters like it's a freaking novel uh go enjoy novel uh go enjoy novel uh go enjoy. It great great thank you for for the it great great thank you for for the it great great thank you for for the. Presentation and and and actually this presentation and and and actually this presentation and and and actually this. Is a this is a fun game it's fun uh I is a this is a fun game it's fun uh I is a this is a fun game it's fun uh I. Think we all got a little bit addicted think we all got a little bit addicted think we all got a little bit addicted. To farming kale uh and and it's it's to farming kale uh and and it's it's to farming kale uh and and it's it's. Really fun but when you think about it really fun but when you think about it really fun but when you think about it. What what if we take kale and kale fail what what if we take kale and kale fail what what if we take kale and kale fail. It it's actually a defi application it it's actually a defi application it it's actually a defi application. Because it has the elements of a defi because it has the elements of a defi because it has the elements of a defi. Application it's just gamified a little application it's just gamified a little application it's just gamified a little. Bit and instead of using uh real token bit and instead of using uh real token bit and instead of using uh real token. Names or real coin names real asset names or real coin names real asset names or real coin names real asset. Names we're using are you using kale and names we're using are you using kale and. Names we're using are you using kale and broccoli and brussel sprouts but but broccoli and brussel sprouts but but. Broccoli and brussel sprouts but but this is actually this is actually a defi this is actually this is actually a defi. This is actually this is actually a defi application and and and as you as you application and and and as you as you. Application and and and as you as you are switching between when you're are switching between when you're. Are switching between when you're trading uh kale for for broccoli uh I I trading uh kale for for broccoli uh I I. Trading uh kale for for broccoli uh I I hope hope hope a lot of people noticed that you're just. A lot of people noticed that you're just a lot of people noticed that you're just. Using pass keys there there was no using pass keys there there was no using pass keys there there was no. Complicated wallet access or anything complicated wallet access or anything complicated wallet access or anything. Like that just use just Ed the a pass like that just use just Ed the a pass like that just use just Ed the a pass. Key so so this is actually it's a good key so so this is actually it's a good key so so this is actually it's a good. Example if if um if developers want to example if if um if developers want to example if if um if developers want to. Uh play around and see what what can you uh play around and see what what can you. Uh play around and see what what can you what can you build on on on on Stella what can you build on on on on Stella. What can you build on on on on Stella and with soran and and how is this build and with soran and and how is this build. And with soran and and how is this build because underneath all the the the fun because underneath all the the the fun. Because underneath all the the the fun stuff it is actually a defi application stuff it is actually a defi application. Stuff it is actually a defi application and there's there's a lot of there's a and there's there's a lot of there's a. And there's there's a lot of there's a lot of um sorant features like like pass lot of um sorant features like like pass. Lot of um sorant features like like pass Keys that's included in this so there's Keys that's included in this so there's. Keys that's included in this so there's a lot of learning that goes into a lot of learning that goes into. A lot of learning that goes into understanding how this works and lot of understanding how this works and lot of. Understanding how this works and lot of inspiration and and it's a good uh inspiration and and it's a good uh. Inspiration and and it's a good uh sample project if if you want to learn sample project if if you want to learn. Sample project if if you want to learn more about this so yeah any any other more about this so yeah any any other. More about this so yeah any any other fun Tech that I I left out that I didn't fun Tech that I I left out that I didn't. Fun Tech that I I left out that I didn't mention that that you can learn from mention that that you can learn from. Mention that that you can learn from looking at the the source code here yeah looking at the the source code here yeah. Looking at the the source code here yeah the source code is definitely here like the source code is definitely here like. The source code is definitely here like available on the kale fail site like available on the kale fail site like. Available on the kale fail site like easy to get to easy to get to easy to get to. Um it's a spelt kit application if um it's a spelt kit application if um it's a spelt kit application if. You're like into front-end libraries and you're like into front-end libraries and. You're like into front-end libraries and Frameworks and stuff that's just kind of. Frameworks and stuff that's just kind of Frameworks and stuff that's just kind of. How my brain works to build in that um how my brain works to build in that um how my brain works to build in that um. But to your point that everything is but to your point that everything is but to your point that everything is. Pass Key powered like this contract this Pass Key powered like this contract this. Pass Key powered like this contract this smart wallet that I have CB WN whatever smart wallet that I have CB WN whatever. Smart wallet that I have CB WN whatever whatever uh doesn't have to hold like whatever uh doesn't have to hold like. Whatever uh doesn't have to hold like this space reserve of lumens there's no this space reserve of lumens there's no. This space reserve of lumens there's no lumens that it holds s in oh it's lumens that it holds s in oh it's. Lumens that it holds s in oh it's $163 sweet um uh it doesn't have to hold $163 sweet um uh it doesn't have to hold. $163 sweet um uh it doesn't have to hold any xlm to operate on the network any xlm to operate on the network. Any xlm to operate on the network everything is done through launch tube everything is done through launch tube. Everything is done through launch tube so it's like this pay Master service so it's like this pay Master service. So it's like this pay Master service that really abstracts the gas fees that really abstracts the gas fees. That really abstracts the gas fees sequence numbers transaction envelopes sequence numbers transaction envelopes. Sequence numbers transaction envelopes all the like difficult things about all the like difficult things about. All the like difficult things about building on Stellar sometimes is like building on Stellar sometimes is like. Building on Stellar sometimes is like just taken care of and so like no fees just taken care of and so like no fees. Just taken care of and so like no fees come out of this come out of my smart come out of this come out of my smart. Come out of this come out of my smart wallet wallet wallet same is true for when you're mining kale. Same is true for when you're mining kale same is true for when you're mining kale. It's all done through launch tube and it's all done through launch tube and it's all done through launch tube and. It's just this incredible opportunity to it's just this incredible opportunity to. It's just this incredible opportunity to use these smart wallets to like just use these smart wallets to like just. Use these smart wallets to like just have a wallet that you can like hand to have a wallet that you can like hand to. Have a wallet that you can like hand to somebody you don't have to tell them somebody you don't have to tell them. Somebody you don't have to tell them like okay now buy lumens from coinbase like okay now buy lumens from coinbase. Like okay now buy lumens from coinbase and do this to get your wallet set up and do this to get your wallet set up. And do this to get your wallet set up it's just ready for users to actually it's just ready for users to actually. It's just ready for users to actually use so yeah you you just mentioned use so yeah you you just mentioned. Use so yeah you you just mentioned launch tube and uh maybe if if everyone launch tube and uh maybe if if everyone. Launch tube and uh maybe if if everyone is not familiar with what launch tube is is not familiar with what launch tube is. Is not familiar with what launch tube is can you maybe go into yeah little bit of. Can you maybe go into yeah little bit of can you maybe go into yeah little bit of. Details how you're using launch tube and details how you're using launch tube and. Details how you're using launch tube and what role it plays in this yeah so what role it plays in this yeah so. What role it plays in this yeah so launch tube is a service that we're kind launch tube is a service that we're kind. Launch tube is a service that we're kind of pioneering um to make it easier for of pioneering um to make it easier for. Of pioneering um to make it easier for applications and developers to build um applications and developers to build um. Applications and developers to build um applications that use Stellar like when applications that use Stellar like when. Applications that use Stellar like when you are trying to build a transaction you are trying to build a transaction. You are trying to build a transaction you need a sequence number you need an you need a sequence number you need an. You need a sequence number you need an account to pay that sequence number you account to pay that sequence number you. Account to pay that sequence number you need a balance to pay those fees you need a balance to pay those fees you. Need a balance to pay those fees you need a Base reserve held in the wallet need a Base reserve held in the wallet. Need a Base reserve held in the wallet like one Lumen minimum to like make sure like one Lumen minimum to like make sure. Like one Lumen minimum to like make sure that your account is active like a that your account is active like a. That your account is active like a minimum balance requirement at some minimum balance requirement at some. Minimum balance requirement at some banks um and all that can kind of be a banks um and all that can kind of be a. Banks um and all that can kind of be a pain for a developer if you're trying to pain for a developer if you're trying to. Pain for a developer if you're trying to get users set up on their wallet so that. Get users set up on their wallet so that get users set up on their wallet so that. They can actually interact with the they can actually interact with the they can actually interact with the. Blockchain so you got to either sponsor blockchain so you got to either sponsor blockchain so you got to either sponsor. Or give them one Lumen to satisfy That or give them one Lumen to satisfy That or give them one Lumen to satisfy That. Base reserve uh you have to pay whatever Base reserve uh you have to pay whatever. Base reserve uh you have to pay whatever fees um for those transactions to fees um for those transactions to. Fees um for those transactions to actually hit the network launch tube actually hit the network launch tube. Actually hit the network launch tube though is in you get assigned though is in you get assigned. Though is in you get assigned transaction from the user using my pass transaction from the user using my pass. Transaction from the user using my pass key wallet for these examples um and key wallet for these examples um and. Key wallet for these examples um and then you send that transaction to launch then you send that transaction to launch. Then you send that transaction to launch tube and launch tube will take care of tube and launch tube will take care of. Tube and launch tube will take care of the sequence number the fee the sequence number the fee. The sequence number the fee paid all like the developer has to worry paid all like the developer has to worry. Paid all like the developer has to worry about is getting a like a token with about is getting a like a token with. About is getting a like a token with valid launch tube credits on it and valid launch tube credits on it and. Valid launch tube credits on it and that's super easy barely an that's super easy barely an. That's super easy barely an inconvenience if you go uh to test net. Inconvenience if you go uh to test net. Inconvenience if you go uh to test net. Launch tube. Launch tube. Launch tube. XYZ genen it'll give you one for free if XYZ genen it'll give you one for free if. XYZ genen it'll give you one for free if you want a a real life mainnet one jump you want a a real life mainnet one jump. You want a a real life mainnet one jump into the launch Tu channel in our into the launch Tu channel in our. Into the launch Tu channel in our Discord uh or reach out to myself for Discord uh or reach out to myself for. Discord uh or reach out to myself for Tyler or carsten Chris any of the Tyler or carsten Chris any of the. Tyler or carsten Chris any of the developer Advocates would be more than developer Advocates would be more than. Developer Advocates would be more than happy to provide you with launch tube happy to provide you with launch tube. Happy to provide you with launch tube credentials so that you can start credentials so that you can start. Credentials so that you can start building in this same like super easy building in this same like super easy. Building in this same like super easy super streamlined super streamlined super streamlined. Way I feel like I didn't fully answer way I feel like I didn't fully answer way I feel like I didn't fully answer. That that that sorry that's great so yeah I can only sorry that's great so yeah I can only. Sorry that's great so yeah I can only encourage everyone to go play farm some encourage everyone to go play farm some. Encourage everyone to go play farm some kale uh do some trading get your kale uh do some trading get your. Kale uh do some trading get your broccoli other vegetables and uh and and broccoli other vegetables and uh and and. Broccoli other vegetables and uh and and then go look at the source code because then go look at the source code because. Then go look at the source code because this this is in this is a really cool this this is in this is a really cool. This this is in this is a really cool application it it really shows a lot of application it it really shows a lot of. Application it it really shows a lot of different features of of Stella and different features of of Stella and. Different features of of Stella and soran so go have fun with it and and go soran so go have fun with it and and go. Soran so go have fun with it and and go look at the source code and and learn look at the source code and and learn. Look at the source code and and learn how Elliot built this so I think this how Elliot built this so I think this. How Elliot built this so I think this was all we have time for today uh unless was all we have time for today uh unless. Was all we have time for today uh unless we have a couple of questions I don't we have a couple of questions I don't. We have a couple of questions I don't think we have one but you there still a think we have one but you there still a. Think we have one but you there still a for the quick there is an opportunity to for the quick there is an opportunity to. For the quick there is an opportunity to ask a question anybody sweet doesn't look like it but. Anybody sweet doesn't look like it but uh thank you so much for joining Elliot uh thank you so much for joining Elliot. Uh thank you so much for joining Elliot it was it was fun to see to see kale it was it was fun to see to see kale. It was it was fun to see to see kale Phil and uh yeah hope everyone is having Phil and uh yeah hope everyone is having. Phil and uh yeah hope everyone is having fun with it thank you have a great day fun with it thank you have a great day. Fun with it thank you have a great day bye.
