Hello everyone and welcome to this Hello everyone and welcome to this week's stellar developer meeting. Uh. Week's stellar developer meeting. Uh week's stellar developer meeting. Uh today I have a guest from the community. Today I have a guest from the community. Today I have a guest from the community. We are doing another one of the We are doing another one of the We are doing another one of the. Developer spotlights and today it's a developer spotlights and today it's a developer spotlights and today it's a. Pleasure to say welcome to to Panfield pleasure to say welcome to to Panfield pleasure to say welcome to to Panfield. Also known as Tupi. So welcome and thank also known as Tupi. So welcome and thank. Also known as Tupi. So welcome and thank you for joining us today. Thanks a lot you for joining us today. Thanks a lot. You for joining us today. Thanks a lot for the invite. Really crazy to be here. For the invite. Really crazy to be here. For the invite. Really crazy to be here. So I I know you've been you've been So I I know you've been you've been So I I know you've been you've been. Super active in the community for a very super active in the community for a very. Super active in the community for a very long time and I see I see you contribute. Long time and I see I see you contribute long time and I see I see you contribute. To our documentation to some of our to our documentation to some of our to our documentation to some of our. Repos. You help out with the Stella repos. You help out with the Stella repos. You help out with the Stella. Community funds and help out on on community funds and help out on on community funds and help out on on. Discord. I I see your name all over the Discord. I I see your name all over the Discord. I I see your name all over the. Place. So I'm I'm super excited to to place. So I'm I'm super excited to to place. So I'm I'm super excited to to. Talk to you today. Talk to you today. Talk to you today. I I would just really just as before we I I would just really just as before we I I would just really just as before we. Dive into what you're working on and dive into what you're working on and dive into what you're working on and. Your own projects like what the what your own projects like what the what your own projects like what the what. The how did you get get into blockchain the how did you get get into blockchain the how did you get get into blockchain. And how did you get into to Stella in in and how did you get into to Stella in in. And how did you get into to Stella in in the way you are because you're very the way you are because you're very. The way you are because you're very involved. Involved. Involved. Yeah. So um I've been involved now with Yeah. So um I've been involved now with Yeah. So um I've been involved now with. Stellar like actively for the last two Stellar like actively for the last two Stellar like actively for the last two. Years I would say and I really started years I would say and I really started years I would say and I really started. To dive into because I when I switched to dive into because I when I switched to dive into because I when I switched. Company I went to work for a bit ponda company I went to work for a bit ponda company I went to work for a bit ponda. So a crypto broker in Europe one of the so a crypto broker in Europe one of the so a crypto broker in Europe one of the. Largest and I told myself okay if I'm largest and I told myself okay if I'm largest and I told myself okay if I'm. Going to be a developer there maybe I going to be a developer there maybe I going to be a developer there maybe I. Need to dive deeper in really a need to dive deeper in really a need to dive deeper in really a. Blockchain project and because I was a blockchain project and because I was a blockchain project and because I was a. Maintainer already of many open source maintainer already of many open source maintainer already of many open source. Project uh in the scientific python project uh in the scientific python project uh in the scientific python. Ecosystem. I told myself, okay, now I ecosystem. I told myself, okay, now I ecosystem. I told myself, okay, now I. Need to do something and I knew already need to do something and I knew already need to do something and I knew already. Stellar. It was really in the back of my Stellar. It was really in the back of my. Stellar. It was really in the back of my head. I I remember still I'm not sure if. Head. I I remember still I'm not sure if head. I I remember still I'm not sure if. It's still on the web page of it's still on the web page of it's still on the web page of. Stellar.org, but there was this story stellar.org, but there was this story stellar.org, but there was this story. About uh somebody in Peru having some about uh somebody in Peru having some about uh somebody in Peru having some. Ship and they wanted to tokenize the ship and they wanted to tokenize the ship and they wanted to tokenize the. Sheep and exchange the ship for sheep and exchange the ship for sheep and exchange the ship for. Something else. And this was still in my something else. And this was still in my. Something else. And this was still in my mind and I just found that concept mind and I just found that concept. Mind and I just found that concept fascinating. And so I was like, okay, fascinating. And so I was like, okay,. Fascinating. And so I was like, okay, that sounds like a real uh world utility that sounds like a real uh world utility. That sounds like a real uh world utility and something which can have some good and something which can have some good. And something which can have some good social impact. And so I really wanted to social impact. And so I really wanted to. Social impact. And so I really wanted to um to get into that space and that's why. Um to get into that space and that's why um to get into that space and that's why. I picked Stellar um to to be the my I picked Stellar um to to be the my I picked Stellar um to to be the my. Platform of choice. And yeah, also at platform of choice. And yeah, also at platform of choice. And yeah, also at. That time it was just before the Sorban that time it was just before the Sorban that time it was just before the Sorban. Started to to be beta and and and started to to be beta and and and started to to be beta and and and. Together and yeah, I wanted to learn together and yeah, I wanted to learn together and yeah, I wanted to learn. Rest was in Rust. So I was like that's a rest was in Rust. So I was like that's a. Rest was in Rust. So I was like that's a perfect match. So that's how I started perfect match. So that's how I started. Perfect match. So that's how I started really to to be active in the community. Really to to be active in the community. Really to to be active in the community. Okay, that's great. Uh so so you said Okay, that's great. Uh so so you said Okay, that's great. Uh so so you said. You you didn't uh you didn't know Russ you you didn't uh you didn't know Russ you you didn't uh you didn't know Russ. To before you started uh working. How to before you started uh working. How to before you started uh working. How. How do how have how have the onboarding how do how have how have the onboarding how do how have how have the onboarding. Process to Sorban? How has that been for process to Sorban? How has that been for. Process to Sorban? How has that been for you? You've been along for maybe a you? You've been along for maybe a. You? You've been along for maybe a little bit longer. So so what is what is little bit longer. So so what is what is. Little bit longer. So so what is what is experience? Experience? Experience? Yeah. So my previous experience was uh Yeah. So my previous experience was uh Yeah. So my previous experience was uh. Purely just Python because I'm a Python purely just Python because I'm a Python purely just Python because I'm a Python. Developer day-to-day job. U so I I would developer day-to-day job. U so I I would. Developer day-to-day job. U so I I would say I'm a good Python backend developer. Say I'm a good Python backend developer. Say I'm a good Python backend developer. So zero experience in front end either. So zero experience in front end either. So zero experience in front end either. So JavaScript and and all of that and So JavaScript and and all of that and So JavaScript and and all of that and. The documentation was just amazing. Uh the documentation was just amazing. Uh the documentation was just amazing. Uh. Without any prior knowledge to to Rust without any prior knowledge to to Rust without any prior knowledge to to Rust. Or anything. I had everything that I or anything. I had everything that I or anything. I had everything that I. Wanted to to have and I also have had wanted to to have and I also have had wanted to to have and I also have had. Zero experience in blockchain zero experience in blockchain zero experience in blockchain. Development either. Uh so I knew what a development either. Uh so I knew what a development either. Uh so I knew what a. Smart contract was and the the concept smart contract was and the the concept smart contract was and the the concept. Of it but I did not know any subtlety of it but I did not know any subtlety of it but I did not know any subtlety. About um TTLs and lifetime and all of about um TTLs and lifetime and all of about um TTLs and lifetime and all of. That and uh how you deploy a contract that and uh how you deploy a contract that and uh how you deploy a contract. And and all this this nitty-gritty and and all this this nitty-gritty and and all this this nitty-gritty. Details. I had no clue about all the details. I had no clue about all the details. I had no clue about all the. Complexity and the documentation was complexity and the documentation was complexity and the documentation was. Just just a breeze to to to read and um just just a breeze to to to read and um just just a breeze to to to read and um. And yeah when I had questions which were and yeah when I had questions which were. And yeah when I had questions which were not answered the community was just not answered the community was just. Not answered the community was just amazing to like the discord and also on amazing to like the discord and also on. Amazing to like the discord and also on Twitter people are super helpful. So Twitter people are super helpful. So. Twitter people are super helpful. So it's just easy I would say. Great. So it's just easy I would say. Great. So. It's just easy I would say. Great. So when when you started working uh when when when you started working uh when. When when you started working uh when you started developing on on stellar did you started developing on on stellar did. You started developing on on stellar did you have a purpose? Was a problem? Was you have a purpose? Was a problem? Was. You have a purpose? Was a problem? Was there a project you wanted to build or there a project you wanted to build or. There a project you wanted to build or did your current project come along did your current project come along. Did your current project come along later? How how does that happen? Yeah. Later? How how does that happen? Yeah. Later? How how does that happen? Yeah. Know I at first I really started with Know I at first I really started with Know I at first I really started with. Some I I did not have like a a concrete some I I did not have like a a concrete some I I did not have like a a concrete. Idea I wanted. I I had some some toy idea I wanted. I I had some some toy idea I wanted. I I had some some toy. Problem that I had in my in my head that problem that I had in my in my head that. Problem that I had in my in my head that I wanted to to do. Um maybe some people I wanted to to do. Um maybe some people. I wanted to to do. Um maybe some people in the audience also saw saw some some in the audience also saw saw some some. In the audience also saw saw some some of these. I had an idea with a I had a of these. I had an idea with a I had a. Of these. I had an idea with a I had a Raspberry Pi and I wanted to to build um Raspberry Pi and I wanted to to build um. Raspberry Pi and I wanted to to build um like um a gimmified platform where you like um a gimmified platform where you. Like um a gimmified platform where you actually you have a a pump and you use actually you have a a pump and you use. Actually you have a a pump and you use the you pump and as much as you pump if the you pump and as much as you pump if. The you pump and as much as you pump if you pass a threshold and it's going to you pass a threshold and it's going to. You pass a threshold and it's going to to do a trigger and and to send some to do a trigger and and to send some. To do a trigger and and to send some tokens. So I had something like that um tokens. So I had something like that um. Tokens. So I had something like that um that I hacked away. That was my first that I hacked away. That was my first. That I hacked away. That was my first contract actually and um um yeah that's contract actually and um um yeah that's. Contract actually and um um yeah that's that's what I built first and I even that's what I built first and I even. That's what I built first and I even made a YouTube video about it. Um and so made a YouTube video about it. Um and so. Made a YouTube video about it. Um and so yeah, I I did one idea like that and and. Yeah, I I did one idea like that and and yeah, I I did one idea like that and and. The second one that I did was I wanted the second one that I did was I wanted the second one that I did was I wanted. To explore around the tokenization of to explore around the tokenization of to explore around the tokenization of. Things and make a make a a token and but things and make a make a a token and but. Things and make a make a a token and but push a bit further. And so there I was push a bit further. And so there I was. Push a bit further. And so there I was okay I had this idea of looking at um okay I had this idea of looking at um. Okay I had this idea of looking at um live data so weather data and so I was live data so weather data and so I was. Live data so weather data and so I was looking at the the expansion of the ice looking at the the expansion of the ice. Looking at the the expansion of the ice and the contraction of the ice in the and the contraction of the ice in the. And the contraction of the ice in the Arctic. And I was like, okay, I'm going Arctic. And I was like, okay, I'm going. Arctic. And I was like, okay, I'm going to put that data and use that data to to put that data and use that data to. To put that data and use that data to either mint or burn a token. And so I either mint or burn a token. And so I. Either mint or burn a token. And so I had sort of an oracle in mind. And um so had sort of an oracle in mind. And um so. Had sort of an oracle in mind. And um so I built another project like that. And I built another project like that. And. I built another project like that. And building these two project uh gave me building these two project uh gave me. Building these two project uh gave me some confidence into building smart some confidence into building smart. Some confidence into building smart contract interacting with the community contract interacting with the community. Contract interacting with the community as well. And all everything is working as well. And all everything is working. As well. And all everything is working basically. Great. I I think that I think basically. Great. I I think that I think. Basically. Great. I I think that I think it's a really good way to learn like it's a really good way to learn like. It's a really good way to learn like build something fun, something maybe not build something fun, something maybe not. Build something fun, something maybe not super serious, but kind of get some super serious, but kind of get some. Super serious, but kind of get some experience building something that that experience building something that that. Experience building something that that you enjoy to do and where you can get you enjoy to do and where you can get. You enjoy to do and where you can get some user interactions and and see some user interactions and and see. Some user interactions and and see people enjoy it. So I think that's a people enjoy it. So I think that's a. People enjoy it. So I think that's a great that's a great way to to start get great that's a great way to to start get. Great that's a great way to to start get building something more let's say more building something more let's say more. Building something more let's say more serious. Uh so can you maybe talk a serious. Uh so can you maybe talk a. Serious. Uh so can you maybe talk a little bit about the project you are little bit about the project you are. Little bit about the project you are working on and I know you have a working on and I know you have a. Working on and I know you have a presentation as well. We can go into it presentation as well. We can go into it. Presentation as well. We can go into it a little bit. I think it's super a little bit. I think it's super. A little bit. I think it's super interesting to see see what the interesting to see see what the. Interesting to see see what the community is building. So community is building. So. Community is building. So I guess I need to upload the tech. So, oh perfect. Okay. Yes. So, the So, oh perfect. Okay. Yes. So, the project I'm building is called Tensu. Project I'm building is called Tensu. Project I'm building is called Tensu. Um, and so the background of all of that Um, and so the background of all of that. Um, and so the background of all of that is that as I said earlier, I'm a is that as I said earlier, I'm a. Is that as I said earlier, I'm a maintainer of uh some famous open source maintainer of uh some famous open source. Maintainer of uh some famous open source project in in scientific Python. So um project in in scientific Python. So um. Project in in scientific Python. So um one of them is called Cypi and Cypi is one of them is called Cypi and Cypi is. One of them is called Cypi and Cypi is downloaded close to 100 millions of time downloaded close to 100 millions of time. Downloaded close to 100 millions of time per month. So it's it's really huge. Uh per month. So it's it's really huge. Uh. Per month. So it's it's really huge. Uh it's really uh one of the powerhouse of it's really uh one of the powerhouse of. It's really uh one of the powerhouse of all the scientific Python tools like all the scientific Python tools like. All the scientific Python tools like packages like a psychic learn if you do packages like a psychic learn if you do. Packages like a psychic learn if you do some AI or PyTorch behind the scene they some AI or PyTorch behind the scene they. Some AI or PyTorch behind the scene they they leverage uh these tools. Um and so they leverage uh these tools. Um and so. They leverage uh these tools. Um and so I've been a maintainer of this this tool I've been a maintainer of this this tool. I've been a maintainer of this this tool for um like five years or something like. For um like five years or something like for um like five years or something like. That and also deeply involved here in that and also deeply involved here in that and also deeply involved here in. The in the open source world and so I the in the open source world and so I the in the open source world and so I. Know the challenges that the maintainer know the challenges that the maintainer know the challenges that the maintainer. Face are facing and also I know also the face are facing and also I know also the. Face are facing and also I know also the the struggle that can come to into using. The struggle that can come to into using the struggle that can come to into using. The the software and I I wanted to try the the software and I I wanted to try the the software and I I wanted to try. To solve some of the problems that I've to solve some of the problems that I've to solve some of the problems that I've. Seen by building a tool which uh is sort seen by building a tool which uh is sort. Seen by building a tool which uh is sort of interacting with with GitHub. So I'm of interacting with with GitHub. So I'm. Of interacting with with GitHub. So I'm not envisioning to replace GitHub at not envisioning to replace GitHub at. Not envisioning to replace GitHub at all. uh because I think GitHub is is all. uh because I think GitHub is is. All. uh because I think GitHub is is nice to store the the code and nice to store the the code and. Nice to store the the code and everything but I think we're missing on everything but I think we're missing on. Everything but I think we're missing on on two key areas which are first of all on two key areas which are first of all. On two key areas which are first of all the security um because I think in in the security um because I think in in. The security um because I think in in GitHub now they're building tools around GitHub now they're building tools around. GitHub now they're building tools around security and and around securing the security and and around securing the. Security and and around securing the supply chain and um because when you're supply chain and um because when you're. Supply chain and um because when you're building something on GitHub at the end building something on GitHub at the end. Building something on GitHub at the end of the day what you want to to ship is a of the day what you want to to ship is a. Of the day what you want to to ship is a software and artifact and GitHub now has. Software and artifact and GitHub now has software and artifact and GitHub now has. Tools in order to to secure a bit all of tools in order to to secure a bit all of. Tools in order to to secure a bit all of that and to ensure the provenence and to. That and to ensure the provenence and to that and to ensure the provenence and to. Ensure that the code was not altered and ensure that the code was not altered and. Ensure that the code was not altered and things like that. But I think there's things like that. But I think there's. Things like that. But I think there's still like a long way to to go into still like a long way to to go into. Still like a long way to to go into really fully secure that. And the other really fully secure that. And the other. Really fully secure that. And the other aspect which is the aspect that uh I I aspect which is the aspect that uh I I. Aspect which is the aspect that uh I I wanted to to really um cover with my wanted to to really um cover with my. Wanted to to really um cover with my tool when I when I started to to build tool when I when I started to to build. Tool when I when I started to to build it is the community aspect. Um I'm it is the community aspect. Um I'm. It is the community aspect. Um I'm saying that because as a maintainer of saying that because as a maintainer of. Saying that because as a maintainer of of of a big tool like that, how is the of of a big tool like that, how is the. Of of a big tool like that, how is the typical workflow in the governance going typical workflow in the governance going. Typical workflow in the governance going is that you have a mainly list and uh is that you have a mainly list and uh. Is that you have a mainly list and uh you post your idea on the main list and you post your idea on the main list and. You post your idea on the main list and sometimes it's sitting there for years sometimes it's sitting there for years. Sometimes it's sitting there for years and maybe somebody's replying and and and maybe somebody's replying and and. And maybe somebody's replying and and saying oh you have a good idea or not saying oh you have a good idea or not. Saying oh you have a good idea or not and then uh there's a bunch of and then uh there's a bunch of. And then uh there's a bunch of discussion happening it's never fair discussion happening it's never fair. Discussion happening it's never fair it's never really transparent there are it's never really transparent there are. It's never really transparent there are a lot of background discussion happening a lot of background discussion happening. A lot of background discussion happening lot of lobbying and I wanted to have lot of lobbying and I wanted to have. Lot of lobbying and I wanted to have something which allow the committee to something which allow the committee to. Something which allow the committee to be a bit more transparent to have uh a be a bit more transparent to have uh a. Be a bit more transparent to have uh a ways to to really uh push ideas and have ways to to really uh push ideas and have. Ways to to really uh push ideas and have all the ideas evaluated in a fair all the ideas evaluated in a fair. All the ideas evaluated in a fair manner, transparent manner and um so so manner, transparent manner and um so so. Manner, transparent manner and um so so that's really on the idea side and the that's really on the idea side and the. That's really on the idea side and the community side and another point that community side and another point that. Community side and another point that people also may may know about free open people also may may know about free open. People also may may know about free open source software is the the free aspect source software is the the free aspect. Source software is the the free aspect um it's a double edged world in the um it's a double edged world in the. Um it's a double edged world in the sense that there's a lot of people who sense that there's a lot of people who. Sense that there's a lot of people who wants to uh to build this software they wants to uh to build this software they. Wants to uh to build this software they are dependent the pond but then at the are dependent the pond but then at the. Are dependent the pond but then at the end of the day uh we have a limited end of the day uh we have a limited. End of the day uh we have a limited amount of time. We all have jobs and um amount of time. We all have jobs and um. Amount of time. We all have jobs and um it will be better it will help if you it will be better it will help if you. It will be better it will help if you will get compensating sometime for for will get compensating sometime for for. Will get compensating sometime for for the the effort and that you put into the the effort and that you put into. The the effort and that you put into this software and some big project like this software and some big project like. This software and some big project like scypi we do get some some funding uh so scypi we do get some some funding uh so. Scypi we do get some some funding uh so it's it's very modest I have to say um it's it's very modest I have to say um. It's it's very modest I have to say um right now in the bank account of scypai right now in the bank account of scypai. Right now in the bank account of scypai maybe there's around maybe there's around. Maybe there's around $100,000 and that's a software which is $100,000 and that's a software which is. $100,000 and that's a software which is as I said used by millions of user as I said used by millions of user. As I said used by millions of user around the world really dependent upon around the world really dependent upon. Around the world really dependent upon and there are 30 maintainers ers active and there are 30 maintainers ers active. And there are 30 maintainers ers active on the project. So it's huge and on the project. So it's huge and. On the project. So it's huge and something like 100k is not doing going something like 100k is not doing going. Something like 100k is not doing going to to help anything. You can you can to to help anything. You can you can. To to help anything. You can you can barely hire uh one or two two developer barely hire uh one or two two developer. Barely hire uh one or two two developer fulltime if you wanted to and that's the fulltime if you wanted to and that's the. Fulltime if you wanted to and that's the budget we we managed to get after 10 budget we we managed to get after 10. Budget we we managed to get after 10 years of funding or something like that. Years of funding or something like that. Years of funding or something like that. Um so there's really limited budget and Um so there's really limited budget and Um so there's really limited budget and. And also the way it's being collected and also the way it's being collected and also the way it's being collected. And distributed it's not very and distributed it's not very and distributed it's not very. Transparent. And so with tonsu I want to transparent. And so with tonsu I want to. Transparent. And so with tonsu I want to to have tools in order to be able to to have tools in order to be able to. To have tools in order to be able to distribute this money a bit more fairly. Distribute this money a bit more fairly. Distribute this money a bit more fairly. Um because now when you would get a Um because now when you would get a Um because now when you would get a. Grant for instance maybe you split the grant for instance maybe you split the grant for instance maybe you split the. Grant into some principal investigators grant into some principal investigators grant into some principal investigators. Or two or three people but what about or two or three people but what about or two or three people but what about. All the people reviewing your code uh all the people reviewing your code uh all the people reviewing your code uh. Contributing to all this discussion and contributing to all this discussion and contributing to all this discussion and. Everything um there's a lot of people everything um there's a lot of people everything um there's a lot of people. Who are left uh aside there and I want who are left uh aside there and I want who are left uh aside there and I want. To try to uh to have tools a bit for for to try to uh to have tools a bit for for. To try to uh to have tools a bit for for that. So, Tanu is just a platform on top. That. So, Tanu is just a platform on top that. So, Tanu is just a platform on top. Of GitHub which is uh the goal is to of GitHub which is uh the goal is to of GitHub which is uh the goal is to. Help with putting really help with putting really help with putting really decentralization back into Git. Um. Decentralization back into Git. Um decentralization back into Git. Um because yeah, GitHub is one this this. Because yeah, GitHub is one this this because yeah, GitHub is one this this one giant platform which is very. One giant platform which is very one giant platform which is very centralized. You push your code on it. Centralized. You push your code on it. Centralized. You push your code on it. Um, but then if tomorrow you you're not Um, but then if tomorrow you you're not Um, but then if tomorrow you you're not. Happy with the state of the world or happy with the state of the world or happy with the state of the world or. Something, you can decide to change your something, you can decide to change your. Something, you can decide to change your code there. And this can have drastic code there. And this can have drastic. Code there. And this can have drastic consequences on on on all the people consequences on on on all the people. Consequences on on on all the people that that depends on you because on that that depends on you because on. That that depends on you because on GitHub, you can just force push on the GitHub, you can just force push on the. GitHub, you can just force push on the main branch. There is not much history. Main branch. There is not much history. Main branch. There is not much history. Uh, if you don't monitor it, you won't Uh, if you don't monitor it, you won't Uh, if you don't monitor it, you won't. Know that anything happened and you can know that anything happened and you can know that anything happened and you can. Really break people there. Uh, same goes really break people there. Uh, same goes. Really break people there. Uh, same goes with the community. You can really um with the community. You can really um. With the community. You can really um not listen to what what what people are not listen to what what what people are. Not listen to what what what people are saying. you can push in electoral saying. you can push in electoral. Saying. you can push in electoral decisions and things like that. Nothing decisions and things like that. Nothing. Decisions and things like that. Nothing is really fair. And so here I want to is really fair. And so here I want to. Is really fair. And so here I want to have tonsu which really gives the have tonsu which really gives the. Have tonsu which really gives the community a voice uh and um also have community a voice uh and um also have. Community a voice uh and um also have decentralized organization basically decentralized organization basically. Decentralized organization basically that allows to do specific actions um in that allows to do specific actions um in. That allows to do specific actions um in a in a trustless manner a in a trustless manner. A in a trustless manner basically and yeah by the way if anybody basically and yeah by the way if anybody. Basically and yeah by the way if anybody has any questions I'm not sure I see if has any questions I'm not sure I see if. Has any questions I'm not sure I see if there is anything in the chat so far but there is anything in the chat so far but. There is anything in the chat so far but yeah feel free to to stop me. Yeah, I yeah feel free to to stop me. Yeah, I. Yeah feel free to to stop me. Yeah, I don't see any questions so far, but uh don't see any questions so far, but uh. Don't see any questions so far, but uh yeah, anyone who has questions, feel yeah, anyone who has questions, feel. Yeah, anyone who has questions, feel free to ask in the chat. Perfect. And free to ask in the chat. Perfect. And. Free to ask in the chat. Perfect. And yeah, we'll soon drop to a demo that yeah, we'll soon drop to a demo that. Yeah, we'll soon drop to a demo that will be will be will be there. And so so okay, what is Tanu. There. And so so okay, what is Tanu there. And so so okay, what is Tanu today? So Tanu so far received um. Today? So Tanu so far received um today? So Tanu so far received um funding from from SDF uh two funings. So. Funding from from SDF uh two funings. So funding from from SDF uh two funings. So. Um which allow to to build the following um which allow to to build the following. Um which allow to to build the following so on the left side. So uh a smart so on the left side. So uh a smart. So on the left side. So uh a smart contract and a DAP uh which are on test contract and a DAP uh which are on test. Contract and a DAP uh which are on test net. Um I also managed to build a net. Um I also managed to build a. Net. Um I also managed to build a decentralized organization. So from decentralized organization. So from. Decentralized organization. So from scratch I'm not depending on on scratch I'm not depending on on. Scratch I'm not depending on on anything. The only thing I'm depending anything. The only thing I'm depending. Anything. The only thing I'm depending on which is a gra project it's a roban on which is a gra project it's a roban. On which is a gra project it's a roban domains. That's my way to sort of uh domains. That's my way to sort of uh. Domains. That's my way to sort of uh prevent people to abuse a bit the prevent people to abuse a bit the. Prevent people to abuse a bit the system. I force people when they system. I force people when they. System. I force people when they register the project to have a solar register the project to have a solar. Register the project to have a solar band domain for their project. And so band domain for their project. And so. Band domain for their project. And so this way you have a collateral for the this way you have a collateral for the. This way you have a collateral for the project itself and if people abuse and project itself and if people abuse and. Project itself and if people abuse and create too many project we can deal with create too many project we can deal with. Create too many project we can deal with that with with bandan domain. Um and that with with bandan domain. Um and. That with with bandan domain. Um and then I added some uh some features to um then I added some uh some features to um. Then I added some uh some features to um start to give some money to project. So start to give some money to project. So. Start to give some money to project. So this is the support feature. Um and on this is the support feature. Um and on. This is the support feature. Um and on the security side I have this commit the the security side I have this commit the. The security side I have this commit the hash on chain which I will I will show hash on chain which I will I will show. Hash on chain which I will I will show later what I'm working on right now. Um later what I'm working on right now. Um. Later what I'm working on right now. Um I'm actually I have an open pull request I'm actually I have an open pull request. I'm actually I have an open pull request to add anonymous voting to the system. I. To add anonymous voting to the system. I to add anonymous voting to the system. I. Believe that would be the first believe that would be the first believe that would be the first. Anonymous voting platform uh on on on anonymous voting platform uh on on on anonymous voting platform uh on on on. Stellar. Uh so I'm pretty excited about stellar. Uh so I'm pretty excited about stellar. Uh so I'm pretty excited about. That. Uh everything's working. Um on the that. Uh everything's working. Um on the. That. Uh everything's working. Um on the smart contract side basically right now smart contract side basically right now. Smart contract side basically right now I'm just reworking a bit the the the DAP I'm just reworking a bit the the the DAP. I'm just reworking a bit the the the DAP itself to make it work. Um so I really itself to make it work. Um so I really. Itself to make it work. Um so I really hope to have that out. I don't know hope to have that out. I don't know. Hope to have that out. I don't know maybe in one week or two weeks. Um maybe in one week or two weeks. Um. Maybe in one week or two weeks. Um because yeah the the front end side as I because yeah the the front end side as I. Because yeah the the front end side as I said I'm not a front end developer. I do. Said I'm not a front end developer. I do said I'm not a front end developer. I do. Have some help from a front end dev and have some help from a front end dev and have some help from a front end dev and. Yeah because I have the day job it's yeah because I have the day job it's yeah because I have the day job it's. It's a bit hectic and sometimes I have it's a bit hectic and sometimes I have it's a bit hectic and sometimes I have. To to push some nights to to try to to to to push some nights to to try to to to to push some nights to to try to to. Push things but it's getting there. Um I push things but it's getting there. Um I. Push things but it's getting there. Um I have another friends actually who's have another friends actually who's. Have another friends actually who's helping me on the on the next point. So helping me on the on the next point. So. Helping me on the on the next point. So critical vulnerability analysis and critical vulnerability analysis and. Critical vulnerability analysis and things like that. We want to push all things like that. We want to push all. Things like that. We want to push all this information on chain and to link this information on chain and to link. This information on chain and to link this information with the state of the this information with the state of the. This information with the state of the project. Uh and same for the the res project. Uh and same for the the res. Project. Uh and same for the the res artifact. So adding more features artifact. So adding more features. Artifact. So adding more features towards the decentralized part uh towards the decentralized part uh. Towards the decentralized part uh decentralized organization part and also decentralized organization part and also. Decentralized organization part and also to the security part. Uh that's the to the security part. Uh that's the. To the security part. Uh that's the focus right now. Um yeah that's just a a focus right now. Um yeah that's just a a. Focus right now. Um yeah that's just a a quick road map that um that I have in quick road map that um that I have in. Quick road map that um that I have in mind. So as I said I I had um SCF award mind. So as I said I I had um SCF award. Mind. So as I said I I had um SCF award which all to kickstart all of that. Um which all to kickstart all of that. Um. Which all to kickstart all of that. Um we build I built all that in one quarter we build I built all that in one quarter. We build I built all that in one quarter basically um to to have the the first basically um to to have the the first. Basically um to to have the the first P and to be on test net. So was pretty P and to be on test net. So was pretty. P and to be on test net. So was pretty fast uh because I had really a clear fast uh because I had really a clear. Fast uh because I had really a clear idea what I wanted to do. Uh and now I'm idea what I wanted to do. Uh and now I'm. Idea what I wanted to do. Uh and now I'm really in this SCF build. Uh I already really in this SCF build. Uh I already. Really in this SCF build. Uh I already finished the first trench. I'm on the finished the first trench. I'm on the. Finished the first trench. I'm on the second trench and I'm uh beginning to second trench and I'm uh beginning to. Second trench and I'm uh beginning to collaborate with another great project collaborate with another great project. Collaborate with another great project trustful uh to add uh a layer on the trustful uh to add uh a layer on the. Trustful uh to add uh a layer on the decentralization part. I actually don't decentralization part. I actually don't. Decentralization part. I actually don't want to use a token really for the this want to use a token really for the this. Want to use a token really for the this for the organization. I want to use a for the organization. I want to use a. For the organization. I want to use a trustbased system. It's a bit similar to trustbased system. It's a bit similar to. Trustbased system. It's a bit similar to um how nodes are talking to each other um how nodes are talking to each other. Um how nodes are talking to each other in the consensus protocol and stellar. In the consensus protocol and stellar. In the consensus protocol and stellar. Um we using trust and here I want to um we using trust and here I want to um we using trust and here I want to. Also use trust that we place on people also use trust that we place on people also use trust that we place on people. On maintainer and on participant in the on maintainer and on participant in the on maintainer and on participant in the. Community. So the more active you are in community. So the more active you are in. Community. So the more active you are in the community and the more um good the community and the more um good. The community and the more um good social impact you make in these social impact you make in these. Social impact you make in these communities you will get basically communities you will get basically. Communities you will get basically badges. Uh this is the the concept that badges. Uh this is the the concept that. Badges. Uh this is the the concept that trustful is is bringing and um and with trustful is is bringing and um and with. Trustful is is bringing and um and with this you will get actually your voting this you will get actually your voting. This you will get actually your voting power. Uh so I I prefer that over having power. Uh so I I prefer that over having. Power. Uh so I I prefer that over having just a monetary incentive u because yeah. Just a monetary incentive u because yeah just a monetary incentive u because yeah. Money is lacking. I prefer the money to money is lacking. I prefer the money to money is lacking. I prefer the money to. Go to a uh the support of the project go to a uh the support of the project go to a uh the support of the project. Than than that. Um there's a question than than that. Um there's a question than than that. Um there's a question. Like launch to sponsor transaction. I like launch to sponsor transaction. I like launch to sponsor transaction. I. Actually have to look into launchship. Actually have to look into launchship. Actually have to look into launchship. Uh because to be completely honest, I Uh because to be completely honest, I Uh because to be completely honest, I. Still don't really understand what still don't really understand what still don't really understand what. Launchship is is fully doing. Uh but launchship is is fully doing. Uh but launchship is is fully doing. Uh but. Definitely I I see a lot of a lot of definitely I I see a lot of a lot of definitely I I see a lot of a lot of. People talking about it and and uh and I people talking about it and and uh and I. People talking about it and and uh and I I hope on the call sometimes to to see I hope on the call sometimes to to see. I hope on the call sometimes to to see what Tyler is is building and so um so what Tyler is is building and so um so. What Tyler is is building and so um so yeah I will definitely have to look into yeah I will definitely have to look into. Yeah I will definitely have to look into into that um to pay tax fees for this into that um to pay tax fees for this. Into that um to pay tax fees for this interaction. Yes. So that's the so for interaction. Yes. So that's the so for. Interaction. Yes. So that's the so for now uh I I don't put any uh any premium now uh I I don't put any uh any premium. Now uh I I don't put any uh any premium or on any features but that's something or on any features but that's something. Or on any features but that's something I will need to think about if one day I I will need to think about if one day I. I will need to think about if one day I really want to make this profitable in a really want to make this profitable in a. Really want to make this profitable in a way. Uh but right now I There is nothing. Way. Uh but right now I There is nothing way. Uh but right now I There is nothing. Like and you can see the code everything like and you can see the code everything. Like and you can see the code everything is open source pay master sponsor. Yeah. Is open source pay master sponsor. Yeah. Is open source pay master sponsor. Yeah. Okay. And but yeah right now there's Okay. And but yeah right now there's Okay. And but yeah right now there's. Zero fees and the only way that right zero fees and the only way that right zero fees and the only way that right. Now tonsu would make any money is there now tonsu would make any money is there now tonsu would make any money is there. When you click on the support button when you click on the support button when you click on the support button. Which I will show uh you can decide to which I will show uh you can decide to which I will show uh you can decide to. Leave a tip to the platform. Right now leave a tip to the platform. Right now leave a tip to the platform. Right now. There is just there is just there is just that and yeah that brings me actually to. That and yeah that brings me actually to that and yeah that brings me actually to. The presentation of the of the D itself. The presentation of the of the D itself. The presentation of the of the D itself. And if I manage to present the tech And if I manage to present the tech And if I manage to present the tech. Share screen that's this one share screen that's this one share screen that's this one. Um tech can I share I can share tech can I share I can share it yes perfect yes perfect. Um so yeah you can uh so the the main um so yeah you can uh so the the main um so yeah you can uh so the the main. Website of Tensu it's just tensu.dev website of Tensu it's just tensu.dev website of Tensu it's just tensu.dev. Uh here you can find some some rough Uh here you can find some some rough Uh here you can find some some rough. Documentation. I'm saying rough because documentation. I'm saying rough because documentation. I'm saying rough because. I have the I'm a back end dev so I my I have the I'm a back end dev so I my I have the I'm a back end dev so I my. Tendency is to write code and forget a tendency is to write code and forget a tendency is to write code and forget a. Bit the documentation but there's still bit the documentation but there's still bit the documentation but there's still. Some documentation to to go through to some documentation to to go through to some documentation to to go through to. How to create your new project how to create your new project how to create your new project. Explaining a bit of rational about the explaining a bit of rational about the explaining a bit of rational about the. Soran sorban domain. Um I also have a soran sorban domain. Um I also have a soran sorban domain. Um I also have a. Concept of a tonsu file to describe a concept of a tonsu file to describe a concept of a tonsu file to describe a. Bit your project. Basically, it's a way bit your project. Basically, it's a way bit your project. Basically, it's a way. To map uh your GitHub profile to your to map uh your GitHub profile to your to map uh your GitHub profile to your. Stella address. That's one of the main Stella address. That's one of the main Stella address. That's one of the main. Feature. And the other feature is just feature. And the other feature is just feature. And the other feature is just. To give um to to to have um uh some to give um to to to have um uh some to give um to to to have um uh some. Social link attached to your project social link attached to your project social link attached to your project. Because I don't want to store all of because I don't want to store all of because I don't want to store all of. That on a smart contract. And u that on a smart contract. And u that on a smart contract. And u. Something I have to mention is that I'm something I have to mention is that I'm something I have to mention is that I'm. Trying everything I can to not have a trying everything I can to not have a trying everything I can to not have a. Back end at all because I really believe back end at all because I really believe. Back end at all because I really believe in in in decentralization and and I think that. Decentralization and and I think that decentralization and and I think that that's really what we were trying to do. That's really what we were trying to do that's really what we were trying to do here in blockchain in general and to me. Here in blockchain in general and to me here in blockchain in general and to me using a backend and having something. Using a backend and having something using a backend and having something hosted on GCP or AWS would sort of. Hosted on GCP or AWS would sort of hosted on GCP or AWS would sort of defeat a bit the purpose of everything. Defeat a bit the purpose of everything defeat a bit the purpose of everything we're trying to do. So I'm trying to. We're trying to do. So I'm trying to we're trying to do. So I'm trying to have everything running locally on the. Have everything running locally on the have everything running locally on the on the client side uh and if not then. On the client side uh and if not then on the client side uh and if not then it's running on the on the contract. So. It's running on the on the contract. So it's running on the on the contract. So there's no database or anything like. There's no database or anything like there's no database or anything like that. And I'm really trying everything I. That. And I'm really trying everything I that. And I'm really trying everything I. Can to to avoid all of that. I mean even can to to avoid all of that. I mean even. Can to to avoid all of that. I mean even think about using distributed database think about using distributed database. Think about using distributed database using IPFS and things like that if ever using IPFS and things like that if ever. Using IPFS and things like that if ever I I have the needs to use a database. Um I I have the needs to use a database. Um. I I have the needs to use a database. Um there's also developer sections to there's also developer sections to. There's also developer sections to discuss a bit about the architecture. Uh discuss a bit about the architecture. Uh. Discuss a bit about the architecture. Uh so things which are um also in the um in. So things which are um also in the um in so things which are um also in the um in. The SCF proposal that you you can you the SCF proposal that you you can you the SCF proposal that you you can you. Can have a look at um then the contract can have a look at um then the contract can have a look at um then the contract. Address uh and and some links uh and the address uh and and some links uh and the. Address uh and and some links uh and the the app itself. So I can directly jump the app itself. So I can directly jump. The app itself. So I can directly jump into the into the into the h and so yeah that's the main app. Uh so. H and so yeah that's the main app. Uh so h and so yeah that's the main app. Uh so. Uh if you ever went into the app uh you uh if you ever went into the app uh you uh if you ever went into the app uh you. Will notice that it's really different will notice that it's really different will notice that it's really different. Now because I just merged like two days now because I just merged like two days now because I just merged like two days. Ago this revamp of the UI. So I'm I'm ago this revamp of the UI. So I'm I'm ago this revamp of the UI. So I'm I'm. Really happy with the with the result. Really happy with the with the result. Really happy with the with the result. Um I had the design designer team Um I had the design designer team Um I had the design designer team. Working for two months on it. Um so working for two months on it. Um so working for two months on it. Um so. Thanks to the SEAF funding that I was thanks to the SEAF funding that I was thanks to the SEAF funding that I was. Able to do that. That's pretty amazing. Able to do that. That's pretty amazing. Able to do that. That's pretty amazing. So the logo and everything and all the So the logo and everything and all the So the logo and everything and all the. Look and feel u it's really really look and feel u it's really really look and feel u it's really really. Helped me a lot made it possible. Um so helped me a lot made it possible. Um so helped me a lot made it possible. Um so. How is the app is working is that how is the app is working is that how is the app is working is that. Basically you you have your project so basically you you have your project so basically you you have your project so. Yeah you can search for a project it's a yeah you can search for a project it's a. Yeah you can search for a project it's a normal search so tansu I have tonsu if I. Normal search so tansu I have tonsu if I normal search so tansu I have tonsu if I. Don't find anything it's going to tell don't find anything it's going to tell don't find anything it's going to tell. Me oh there is nothing on chain uh and me oh there is nothing on chain uh and me oh there is nothing on chain uh and. Then I can create a new project um so then I can create a new project um so then I can create a new project um so. I'm not going to do that here just going I'm not going to do that here just going. I'm not going to do that here just going to an existing project so tansu um so to an existing project so tansu um so. To an existing project so tansu um so here you have a bit of details and then here you have a bit of details and then. Here you have a bit of details and then you look at your project itself so I you look at your project itself so I. You look at your project itself so I register tonsu and tonsu it can be a bit register tonsu and tonsu it can be a bit. Register tonsu and tonsu it can be a bit confusing Sorry. Um because yeah, I confusing Sorry. Um because yeah, I. Confusing Sorry. Um because yeah, I wanted to to manage my own project with wanted to to manage my own project with. Wanted to to manage my own project with my own tool basically. Uh so what is the my own tool basically. Uh so what is the. My own tool basically. Uh so what is the project page? So the project page um I project page? So the project page um I. Project page? So the project page um I can I can quickly go over it. So you can I can quickly go over it. So you. Can I can quickly go over it. So you have some some quick information here. Have some some quick information here. Have some some quick information here. Um you have this famous support button Um you have this famous support button Um you have this famous support button. Which allows you to to give some tips to which allows you to to give some tips to. Which allows you to to give some tips to the the tools that you use if you like the the tools that you use if you like. The the tools that you use if you like what they're doing. Um so here as I said what they're doing. Um so here as I said. What they're doing. Um so here as I said that's the only way that right now tons that's the only way that right now tons. That's the only way that right now tons protocol will be receiving any any protocol will be receiving any any. Protocol will be receiving any any funding. So by entering here an amount funding. So by entering here an amount. Funding. So by entering here an amount so here you can you can do that. So here you can you can do that. So here you can you can do that. Um quickly on the wallet side because Um quickly on the wallet side because Um quickly on the wallet side because. Here there was a there was something to here there was a there was something to here there was a there was something to. Sign I'm using the stella wallet kit. So sign I'm using the stella wallet kit. So. Sign I'm using the stella wallet kit. So uh this is uh this is uh this is on but you may want to look into. On but you may want to look into on but you may want to look into protocol. That's running aware but. Protocol. That's running aware but protocol. That's running aware but interesting. Okay thank you. I will have. Interesting. Okay thank you. I will have interesting. Okay thank you. I will have. A look. Let me copy that. All right, copy that. Thanks. That. All right, copy that. Thanks. Thanks, Matias. Thanks, Matias. Thanks, Matias. Um, yeah. And so here uh the the main Um, yeah. And so here uh the the main Um, yeah. And so here uh the the main. Information that you have and the information that you have and the information that you have and the. Information which is actually stored on information which is actually stored on information which is actually stored on. Chain um is this thing the the last chain um is this thing the the last chain um is this thing the the last. Hash. Uh so yeah here you see I have a hash. Uh so yeah here you see I have a hash. Uh so yeah here you see I have a. Bug apparently because you don't see the bug apparently because you don't see the. Bug apparently because you don't see the hash but you you see it um um you see it. Hash but you you see it um um you see it hash but you you see it um um you see it. Here being being represented. So you here being being represented. So you here being being represented. So you. Have all the hashes here uh and you can have all the hashes here uh and you can have all the hashes here uh and you can. Actually go onchain and see the the actually go onchain and see the the actually go onchain and see the the. Project itself. So let me just quickly project itself. So let me just quickly project itself. So let me just quickly. Go there. So here's the contract itself and every So here's the contract itself and every time you do something yeah you would see. Time you do something yeah you would see time you do something yeah you would see. It see it here and here are all the it see it here and here are all the it see it here and here are all the. Entries and so how is the project entries and so how is the project entries and so how is the project. Defined let me try to find it so yeah defined let me try to find it so yeah defined let me try to find it so yeah. Here here's the the project defined so here here's the the project defined so here here's the the project defined so. Here is saliv but had tonsu yeah here's here is saliv but had tonsu yeah here's here is saliv but had tonsu yeah here's. The project how it's defined so that's the project how it's defined so that's the project how it's defined so that's. That's basically the information store that's basically the information store that's basically the information store. On chain I saw the project name some on chain I saw the project name some on chain I saw the project name some. Config uh itself so who are the config uh itself so who are the config uh itself so who are the. Maintainer of the project so who has maintainer of the project so who has maintainer of the project so who has. Really um access on really um access on really um access on it. Uh and and after that I have some. It. Uh and and after that I have some it. Uh and and after that I have some some other metadata associated to that. Some other metadata associated to that some other metadata associated to that and the the main metadata right now is. And the the main metadata right now is and the the main metadata right now is the the last state of the project on. The the last state of the project on the the last state of the project on GitHub which is a commit hash. So this. GitHub which is a commit hash. So this GitHub which is a commit hash. So this is uh this store in in another entry. So. Is uh this store in in another entry. So is uh this store in in another entry. So. Uh yeah this seems yeah exactly this uh yeah this seems yeah exactly this uh yeah this seems yeah exactly this. That key for tensu uh here is the same that key for tensu uh here is the same that key for tensu uh here is the same. As here uh last hash and that's the last as here uh last hash and that's the last. As here uh last hash and that's the last hash which is register right now which hash which is register right now which. Hash which is register right now which correspond to a commit which exist and correspond to a commit which exist and. Correspond to a commit which exist and um so if I go back when there is um so if I go back when there is. Um so if I go back when there is actually a match uh with unshaded data actually a match uh with unshaded data. Actually a match uh with unshaded data and the data that you find on GitHub and the data that you find on GitHub. And the data that you find on GitHub it's indicating you that everything is it's indicating you that everything is. It's indicating you that everything is fine here uh you have a green tick and fine here uh you have a green tick and. Fine here uh you have a green tick and so if somebody would compromise GitHub so if somebody would compromise GitHub. So if somebody would compromise GitHub basically and overwrite the commits on basically and overwrite the commits on. Basically and overwrite the commits on GitHub. This will get read and I in the GitHub. This will get read and I in the. GitHub. This will get read and I in the future I will add some triggers which future I will add some triggers which. Future I will add some triggers which will send some notification to people to will send some notification to people to. Will send some notification to people to say that hey something happened uh on say that hey something happened uh on. Say that hey something happened uh on GitHub versus what's on chain. So that's GitHub versus what's on chain. So that's. GitHub versus what's on chain. So that's one of the main security feature that I one of the main security feature that I. One of the main security feature that I have right now and uh the same goes with have right now and uh the same goes with. Have right now and uh the same goes with the configuration to say who's the configuration to say who's. The configuration to say who's maintainer who's not maintainer. So this maintainer who's not maintainer. So this. Maintainer who's not maintainer. So this is check against the this tomal this is check against the this tomal this. Is check against the this tomal this this tensu tomal file that is I'm this tensu tomal file that is I'm. This tensu tomal file that is I'm comparing the data which is in this file comparing the data which is in this file. Comparing the data which is in this file with the data that have function to to with the data that have function to to. With the data that have function to to to have this this sort of check. Um so to have this this sort of check. Um so. To have this this sort of check. Um so yeah here you have the the commit yeah here you have the the commit. Yeah here you have the the commit history here you have this commit that history here you have this commit that. History here you have this commit that we just saw this F72 which was on which we just saw this F72 which was on which. We just saw this F72 which was on which is verified and because I defined some is verified and because I defined some. Is verified and because I defined some maintainer this is the last one that maintainer this is the last one that. Maintainer this is the last one that I've done to and here I'm a verified I've done to and here I'm a verified. I've done to and here I'm a verified maintainer in this list. So you have maintainer in this list. So you have. Maintainer in this list. So you have some indication here of what's on chain some indication here of what's on chain. Some indication here of what's on chain and and to be able to verify that. So and and to be able to verify that. So. And and to be able to verify that. So that's the first part, the security part that's the first part, the security part. That's the first part, the security part and the most important part for me is and the most important part for me is. And the most important part for me is really this uh governance part. And so really this uh governance part. And so. Really this uh governance part. And so if I go on the governance, that's really if I go on the governance, that's really. If I go on the governance, that's really your your DAO. You have not the Dow for your your DAO. You have not the Dow for. Your your DAO. You have not the Dow for the complete the complete the complete um for for Tanu, but for every single. Um for for Tanu, but for every single um for for Tanu, but for every single project you you get a Dow, your own D. Project you you get a Dow, your own D. Project you you get a Dow, your own D. So this page will look different for for So this page will look different for for. So this page will look different for for everybody. And maybe if I go back to everybody. And maybe if I go back to. Everybody. And maybe if I go back to the to the explorer the to the explorer the to the explorer. Itself, I can quickly show it. Here you itself, I can quickly show it. Here you itself, I can quickly show it. Here you. Have the DA of Tensu basically here and have the DA of Tensu basically here and have the DA of Tensu basically here and. Here you have all the list of proposal here you have all the list of proposal here you have all the list of proposal. And so on you can directly see who voted and so on you can directly see who voted. And so on you can directly see who voted who approved uh or abstain um and what's. Who approved uh or abstain um and what's who approved uh or abstain um and what's. The status of the vault the title and the status of the vault the title and the status of the vault the title and. Here you have something you have IPFS here you have something you have IPFS here you have something you have IPFS. Because I don't store the proposal because I don't store the proposal because I don't store the proposal. Themselves on chain but I use um I use themselves on chain but I use um I use themselves on chain but I use um I use. IPFS uh so once again I see some IPFS uh so once again I see some IPFS uh so once again I see some. Questions detail from the Gitcoin questions detail from the Gitcoin questions detail from the Gitcoin. Um yeah I I look into Gitcon. Actually, um yeah I I look into Gitcon. Actually, um yeah I I look into Gitcon. Actually,. If you look if you go to see my if you look if you go to see my if you look if you go to see my. Proposals um for SCF, you will find the proposals um for SCF, you will find the proposals um for SCF, you will find the. Technical documentation and at the end technical documentation and at the end technical documentation and at the end. Of the technical documentation, I made a of the technical documentation, I made a. Of the technical documentation, I made a uh I had a look at um everything which uh I had a look at um everything which. Uh I had a look at um everything which was out there around G around was out there around G around. Was out there around G around decentralization and all of this concept decentralization and all of this concept. Decentralization and all of this concept and I made a comparative analysis of and I made a comparative analysis of. And I made a comparative analysis of what I think of um missing or or was what I think of um missing or or was. What I think of um missing or or was good and I'm trying to combine all of good and I'm trying to combine all of. Good and I'm trying to combine all of the the nice concept and have it there. The the nice concept and have it there. The the nice concept and have it there. Basically what is the actual data that basically what is the actual data that basically what is the actual data that. Is being stored on chain for the project is being stored on chain for the project. Is being stored on chain for the project I worried about state expiration um so I worried about state expiration um so. I worried about state expiration um so yeah the data on chain I hope I'm yeah the data on chain I hope I'm. Yeah the data on chain I hope I'm answering right now the questions uh and answering right now the questions uh and. Answering right now the questions uh and otherwise for the state expiration uh otherwise for the state expiration uh. Otherwise for the state expiration uh yeah that's something actually I'm still yeah that's something actually I'm still. Yeah that's something actually I'm still thinking about it exactly how it should thinking about it exactly how it should. Thinking about it exactly how it should work and how I should extend all the work and how I should extend all the. Work and how I should extend all the TTLS and things because I'm I'm not sure TTLS and things because I'm I'm not sure. TTLS and things because I'm I'm not sure actually right now so um so for now I'm actually right now so um so for now I'm. Actually right now so um so for now I'm not really dealing with it because I'm not really dealing with it because I'm. Not really dealing with it because I'm I'm still on test so I still have the I'm still on test so I still have the. I'm still on test so I still have the freedom to do that. But that's freedom to do that. But that's. Freedom to do that. But that's definitely something I'm looking into. I definitely something I'm looking into. I. Definitely something I'm looking into. I have an openish on that to but I I I have an openish on that to but I I I. Have an openish on that to but I I I still need to to take more time to just still need to to take more time to just. Still need to to take more time to just think about how the the workflow is think about how the the workflow is. Think about how the the workflow is going to to work this how should I going to to work this how should I. Going to to work this how should I pronounce your discord name. Tupi it's pronounce your discord name. Tupi it's. Pronounce your discord name. Tupi it's my it's my second name actually. I asked my it's my second name actually. I asked. My it's my second name actually. I asked the same question before we joined. The same question before we joined. The same question before we joined. Yeah, it's a classical Yeah, it's a classical Yeah, it's a classical question. All right. So going back on. Question. All right. So going back on question. All right. So going back on the on the um on the proposals. The on the um on the proposals the on the um on the proposals themselves. So let me just open a. Themselves. So let me just open a themselves. So let me just open a proposal to see how it looks like. Um so. Proposal to see how it looks like. Um so proposal to see how it looks like. Um so. This data as I just shown before is this data as I just shown before is this data as I just shown before is. Stored on IPFS. So what you just saw stored on IPFS. So what you just saw stored on IPFS. So what you just saw. Right now is loading the data from IPFS. Right now is loading the data from IPFS. Right now is loading the data from IPFS. As I said there's no back end or As I said there's no back end or As I said there's no back end or. Anything and everything's running client anything and everything's running client. Anything and everything's running client side. So this was loaded from IPFS. Um side. So this was loaded from IPFS. Um. Side. So this was loaded from IPFS. Um that's the proposal itself. When you that's the proposal itself. When you. That's the proposal itself. When you create a proposal you can put an image, create a proposal you can put an image,. Create a proposal you can put an image, you can put whatever you want. I have you can put whatever you want. I have. You can put whatever you want. I have like a markdown editor. You can put like a markdown editor. You can put. Like a markdown editor. You can put tables and all of that. Uh and then all tables and all of that. Uh and then all. Tables and all of that. Uh and then all goes to IPFS. So I can actually open the goes to IPFS. So I can actually open the. Goes to IPFS. So I can actually open the the link and you will show how it is. Yeah, it's. Is. Yeah, it's [Music] [Music] [Music] loading. It's funny. It's loading faster loading. It's funny. It's loading faster. Loading. It's funny. It's loading faster on my thing than the IPFS itself. Wasn't. On my thing than the IPFS itself. Wasn't on my thing than the IPFS itself. Wasn't. He in Austria? Yeah, I'm living in Austria in Jenna, Yeah, I'm living in Austria in Jenna, but I'm French coming from Tahiti if you. But I'm French coming from Tahiti if you but I'm French coming from Tahiti if you. Want this to be even more confusing. Okay, I the IPFX Explorer. I confusing. Okay, I the IPFX Explorer. I. Don't know what is happening, but yeah, don't know what is happening, but yeah, don't know what is happening, but yeah,. You see the link here. It's a IPFS link. You see the link here. It's a IPFS link. You see the link here. It's a IPFS link. Um, yeah, it's not loading for some Um, yeah, it's not loading for some Um, yeah, it's not loading for some. Reason. And I mean, this is not reason. And I mean, this is not reason. And I mean, this is not. My my internet. I don't know. My my internet. I don't know. My my internet. I don't know. Starting again. No, I mean the link is starting again. No, I mean the link is starting again. No, I mean the link is. There. I don't know. IPFS, but it's there. I don't know. IPFS, but it's there. I don't know. IPFS, but it's. Loading here. So, you have it here. Um, loading here. So, you have it here. Um, loading here. So, you have it here. Um,. One concept I have on the on the D one concept I have on the on the D one concept I have on the on the D. Itself, it's pretty surprised. Yes. One itself, it's pretty surprised. Yes. One itself, it's pretty surprised. Yes. One. Concept I have with the the DA proposal concept I have with the the DA proposal concept I have with the the DA proposal. Is that I have the concept of outcome. Is that I have the concept of outcome. Is that I have the concept of outcome. And so when a proposal is accepted um it And so when a proposal is accepted um it. And so when a proposal is accepted um it can execute when when you're going to can execute when when you're going to. Can execute when when you're going to execute the proposal itself and to to execute the proposal itself and to to. Execute the proposal itself and to to have the the tally being calculated have the the tally being calculated. Have the the tally being calculated you're actually going to be able to say you're actually going to be able to say. You're actually going to be able to say okay if it's approved please execute okay if it's approved please execute. Okay if it's approved please execute that transaction and so uh here you have that transaction and so uh here you have. That transaction and so uh here you have an example of of ex that I put so here an example of of ex that I put so here. An example of of ex that I put so here in this it's a trivial example that I in this it's a trivial example that I. In this it's a trivial example that I put here but you can put any any when put here but you can put any any when. Put here but you can put any any when you create a proposal and so if the when you create a proposal and so if the when. You create a proposal and so if the when you execute a proposal You're going to you execute a proposal You're going to. You execute a proposal You're going to have like a screen telling you this is have like a screen telling you this is. Have like a screen telling you this is going to be executed when you actually going to be executed when you actually. Going to be executed when you actually execute the proposal. And so the the execute the proposal. And so the the. Execute the proposal. And so the the ting is going to be made and this is ting is going to be made and this is. Ting is going to be made and this is going to be also also sent. So what what going to be also also sent. So what what. Going to be also also sent. So what what can you use that for? You can use this can you use that for? You can use this. Can you use that for? You can use this for instance to add a m not just to pay for instance to add a m not just to pay. For instance to add a m not just to pay people but to me it was to do some people but to me it was to do some. People but to me it was to do some special action for maintainers. For special action for maintainers. For. Special action for maintainers. For instance, if you wanted to change the instance, if you wanted to change the. Instance, if you wanted to change the structure of your governance, you can structure of your governance, you can. Structure of your governance, you can say you can have a proposal saying, "Oh, say you can have a proposal saying, "Oh,. Say you can have a proposal saying, "Oh, yeah, what about we add um I don't know yeah, what about we add um I don't know. Yeah, what about we add um I don't know pumpfield to to this other community." pumpfield to to this other community.". Pumpfield to to this other community." And so you will make a proposal and the And so you will make a proposal and the. And so you will make a proposal and the uh the XDR itself would just be to call uh the XDR itself would just be to call. Uh the XDR itself would just be to call the tanu contract itself and to add the tanu contract itself and to add. The tanu contract itself and to add myself to another project and people myself to another project and people. Myself to another project and people when they vote and when you execute that when they vote and when you execute that. When they vote and when you execute that then I would be able to be added then I would be able to be added. Then I would be able to be added automatically um into the into that new automatically um into the into that new. Automatically um into the into that new organization. So this way you can really organization. So this way you can really. Organization. So this way you can really manage your um the the whole governance manage your um the the whole governance. Manage your um the the whole governance of your project on chain as well or the of your project on chain as well or the. Of your project on chain as well or the aspect that you have on chain. Um and aspect that you have on chain. Um and. Aspect that you have on chain. Um and also you can yeah have font also you can yeah have font. Also you can yeah have font distributions and all of that. And what distributions and all of that. And what. Distributions and all of that. And what I want to to do afterwards is so right I want to to do afterwards is so right. I want to to do afterwards is so right now it's very manual. You have to uh now it's very manual. You have to uh. Now it's very manual. You have to uh create your own XDR and paste it there. Create your own XDR and paste it there. Create your own XDR and paste it there. But what I want to have is templates But what I want to have is templates But what I want to have is templates. That people can use and they will be that people can use and they will be that people can use and they will be. Able to to have like I don't know a drop able to to have like I don't know a drop. Able to to have like I don't know a drop down and then select yeah I want to add down and then select yeah I want to add. Down and then select yeah I want to add a maintainer. Boom. And then you will a maintainer. Boom. And then you will. A maintainer. Boom. And then you will have a few fields to fill and boom it have a few fields to fill and boom it. Have a few fields to fill and boom it will just pre build the easier for you. Will just pre build the easier for you. Will just pre build the easier for you. Um and I also want to be able to have Um and I also want to be able to have Um and I also want to be able to have. Some things that you preign and then uh some things that you preign and then uh some things that you preign and then uh. Everything is being able to to be everything is being able to to be everything is being able to to be. Executed automatically and things like executed automatically and things like executed automatically and things like. That. So this is coming but the the main that. So this is coming but the the main. That. So this is coming but the the main feature right now is is there is you you. Feature right now is is there is you you feature right now is is there is you you. Have this ex that you can have this ex that you can have this ex that you can execute and yeah I think that's. Execute and yeah I think that's execute and yeah I think that's basically it. Basically it. Basically it. Um, if you have any questions, Um, if you have any questions, Um, if you have any questions,. I don't know if there was any other I don't know if there was any other I don't know if there was any other. Questions. I think you got through all questions. I think you got through all questions. I think you got through all. Of them. Perfect. Yeah, super exciting of them. Perfect. Yeah, super exciting of them. Perfect. Yeah, super exciting. To see to see it. I I've been poking to see to see it. I I've been poking to see to see it. I I've been poking. Around a little bit uh just to play with around a little bit uh just to play with. Around a little bit uh just to play with it and I think it looks it looks great. It and I think it looks it looks great. It and I think it looks it looks great. I think it's it's a Thank you. it's a I think it's it's a Thank you. it's a I think it's it's a Thank you. it's a. Great great uh great project and um great great uh great project and um great great uh great project and um. Yeah, I love to see how much you you yeah, I love to see how much you you yeah, I love to see how much you you. Decentralize the the DAB as well. So, so decentralize the the DAB as well. So, so. Decentralize the the DAB as well. So, so yeah, really really interesting yeah, really really interesting. Yeah, really really interesting projects. Um, do did do you have projects. Um, do did do you have. Projects. Um, do did do you have anything else in the presentation, the anything else in the presentation, the. Anything else in the presentation, the other presentation? Uh, no, that that other presentation? Uh, no, that that. Other presentation? Uh, no, that that was it. Um, yeah. I mean, my next big was it. Um, yeah. I mean, my next big. Was it. Um, yeah. I mean, my next big thing is really to to bring um anonymous thing is really to to bring um anonymous. Thing is really to to bring um anonymous voting there. Um, this I'm really voting there. Um, this I'm really. Voting there. Um, this I'm really excited about. Uh, I've been working excited about. Uh, I've been working. Excited about. Uh, I've been working like a lot on that and learning as well. Like a lot on that and learning as well. Like a lot on that and learning as well. I I knew nothing about zero knowledge I I knew nothing about zero knowledge I I knew nothing about zero knowledge. And homorphic encryption and all of that and homorphic encryption and all of that. And homorphic encryption and all of that and I just got the idea when I saw the and I just got the idea when I saw the. And I just got the idea when I saw the protocol 22 update that it was bringing protocol 22 update that it was bringing. Protocol 22 update that it was bringing that and then I started to look into it that and then I started to look into it. That and then I started to look into it and I really like the concept and and I and I really like the concept and and I. And I really like the concept and and I think that's bring quite some value to think that's bring quite some value to. Think that's bring quite some value to to the project if I if I had that to the project if I if I had that. To the project if I if I had that feature and so yeah the um I have an feature and so yeah the um I have an. Feature and so yeah the um I have an open source an open pull request open source an open pull request. Open source an open pull request everybody can check out the code and and everybody can check out the code and and. Everybody can check out the code and and yeah please feel free to to also use uh yeah please feel free to to also use uh. Yeah please feel free to to also use uh what I've discovered what I've discovered. What I've discovered And when what about to for your own And when what about to for your own. And when what about to for your own project? Okay. Um yes. So Matias is asking yeah Okay. Um yes. So Matias is asking yeah um using NQG for for the voting. Uh yes. Um using NQG for for the voting. Uh yes um using NQG for for the voting. Uh yes sort of like with this um badges that I. Sort of like with this um badges that I sort of like with this um badges that I want to use. So the trustful the the. Want to use. So the trustful the the want to use. So the trustful the the project that I want to use. They they. Project that I want to use. They they project that I want to use. They they have this concept of badge and I want to. Have this concept of badge and I want to have this concept of badge and I want to. Sort of have some neurons which are how sort of have some neurons which are how sort of have some neurons which are how. Many badges do you have and what kind of many badges do you have and what kind of. Many badges do you have and what kind of badges do you have? uh and this maybe badges do you have? uh and this maybe. Badges do you have? uh and this maybe with on top things like okay how many with on top things like okay how many. With on top things like okay how many times you we can actually in the history times you we can actually in the history. Times you we can actually in the history uh of GitHub we can find your name and uh of GitHub we can find your name and. Uh of GitHub we can find your name and this will maybe give you like a a power this will maybe give you like a a power. This will maybe give you like a a power on the uh on the the actions that you on the uh on the the actions that you. On the uh on the the actions that you have on chain to say oh you're an active have on chain to say oh you're an active. Have on chain to say oh you're an active maintainer um and you can also have like. Maintainer um and you can also have like maintainer um and you can also have like. Some crown job running in the background some crown job running in the background. Some crown job running in the background to say oh if you've not been active for to say oh if you've not been active for. To say oh if you've not been active for that uh that long code wise then maybe that uh that long code wise then maybe. That uh that long code wise then maybe we remove your code access and things we remove your code access and things. We remove your code access and things like that. So you can I'm really like that. So you can I'm really. Like that. So you can I'm really thinking about all these kind of things on pola dot. No, I did not know. Things on pola dot. No, I did not know about about about that. It's great. That's why I like. That. It's great. That's why I like that. It's great. That's why I like stellar so much. Uh have so many people. Stellar so much. Uh have so many people stellar so much. Uh have so many people giving you ideas like that and and. Giving you ideas like that and and giving you ideas like that and and sharing interesting things. Thanks. Uh. Sharing interesting things. Thanks. Uh sharing interesting things. Thanks. Uh just now I feel compelled. Just now I feel compelled just now I feel compelled to please do have a look. Everything is. To please do have a look. Everything is to please do have a look. Everything is open. Uh right now it's very easy. I. Open. Uh right now it's very easy. I open. Uh right now it's very easy. I have a monor repo um because yeah I'm. Have a monor repo um because yeah I'm have a monor repo um because yeah I'm just working myself basically on it and. Just working myself basically on it and just working myself basically on it and yeah it's it's on my GitHub profile. Um. Yeah it's it's on my GitHub profile. Um yeah it's it's on my GitHub profile. Um so GitHub. So GitHub so GitHub tonsu and then soroban versioning is tonsu and then soroban versioning is. Tonsu and then soroban versioning is called the the repo. Yeah it's great. I called the the repo. Yeah it's great. I. Called the the repo. Yeah it's great. I I love you you bring a lot of new ideas I love you you bring a lot of new ideas. I love you you bring a lot of new ideas to the table here. I think there's some to the table here. I think there's some. To the table here. I think there's some of the solutions you're working on is of the solutions you're working on is. Of the solutions you're working on is something we probably haven't seen or something we probably haven't seen or. Something we probably haven't seen or haven't seen a lot of in the community. Haven't seen a lot of in the community. Haven't seen a lot of in the community. So I I hope this is a an inspiration for So I I hope this is a an inspiration for. So I I hope this is a an inspiration for everyone else uh to go and take a look everyone else uh to go and take a look. Everyone else uh to go and take a look at at at your project, take a look at at at at your project, take a look at. At at at your project, take a look at the code, see some how how you're the code, see some how how you're. The code, see some how how you're solving some of these uh these these solving some of these uh these these. Solving some of these uh these these challenges or creating some of these challenges or creating some of these. Challenges or creating some of these creative solutions to creative solutions to creative solutions to. To sometimes well-known problems uh or to sometimes well-known problems uh or to sometimes well-known problems uh or. Some new some new some new problems, new ways of doing things. So, problems, new ways of doing things. So,. Problems, new ways of doing things. So, it was it was really great to get to get it was it was really great to get to get. It was it was really great to get to get uh to get the opportunity to chat with uh to get the opportunity to chat with. Uh to get the opportunity to chat with you and to see the project you're you and to see the project you're. You and to see the project you're working on and uh yeah, thank you so working on and uh yeah, thank you so. Working on and uh yeah, thank you so much for joining. Much for joining. Much for joining. Thank you very much for the invite and Thank you very much for the invite and Thank you very much for the invite and. Yeah, thanks for the audience for all yeah, thanks for the audience for all yeah, thanks for the audience for all. The nice questions. The nice questions. The nice questions. Okay, great. I think we'll wrap it up Okay, great. I think we'll wrap it up Okay, great. I think we'll wrap it up. Here then. Um we will be back next here then. Um we will be back next here then. Um we will be back next. Thursday and uh if anyone out there has Thursday and uh if anyone out there has Thursday and uh if anyone out there has. A cool project that they would like to a cool project that they would like to a cool project that they would like to. Talk about uh here on the still a talk about uh here on the still a talk about uh here on the still a. Developer meeting please reach out to developer meeting please reach out to developer meeting please reach out to. Me. I think I think it's very me. I think I think it's very me. I think I think it's very. Interesting to see some of these interesting to see some of these interesting to see some of these. Projects and and and talk to to the the projects and and and talk to to the the projects and and and talk to to the the. Developers behind it and hear some of developers behind it and hear some of developers behind it and hear some of. Some of their their thinkings about how some of their their thinkings about how some of their their thinkings about how. How they they solve these problems. So how they they solve these problems. So how they they solve these problems. So. Thank you everyone for joining. I see thank you everyone for joining. I see thank you everyone for joining. I see. You next week. Thank you. You next week. Thank you. You next week. Thank you. Thanks everybody. Bye.
