It is uh it is uh 102 so uh hello everyone welcome to 102 so uh hello everyone welcome to. 102 so uh hello everyone welcome to today's panel my name is Anal and I'm a today's panel my name is Anal and I'm a. Today's panel my name is Anal and I'm a program manager on the ecosystem team at program manager on the ecosystem team at. Program manager on the ecosystem team at the Stellar development foundation which. The Stellar development foundation which the Stellar development foundation which. Is a nonprofit organization founded in is a nonprofit organization founded in is a nonprofit organization founded in. 2014 to support the development and 2014 to support the development and 2014 to support the development and. Growth of the open source Stellar growth of the open source Stellar growth of the open source Stellar. Network um so welcome everyone so today Network um so welcome everyone so today Network um so welcome everyone so today. I'm um we are having a panel about how I'm um we are having a panel about how I'm um we are having a panel about how. To succeed in the Stellar Community Fund to succeed in the Stellar Community Fund. To succeed in the Stellar Community Fund now uh will we will um talk about the now uh will we will um talk about the. Now uh will we will um talk about the Stella Community Fund quite a bit uh and Stella Community Fund quite a bit uh and. Stella Community Fund quite a bit uh and we will also refer to it as an AB we will also refer to it as an AB. We will also refer to it as an AB abbreviation SCF so you'll be hearing abbreviation SCF so you'll be hearing. Abbreviation SCF so you'll be hearing that a lot SCF stands for Stellar that a lot SCF stands for Stellar. That a lot SCF stands for Stellar Community Fund and SBF stands for Community Fund and SBF stands for. Community Fund and SBF stands for Stellar development foundation so um so Stellar development foundation so um so. Stellar development foundation so um so be sure to take note of that but what is be sure to take note of that but what is. Be sure to take note of that but what is SCF um so the Stell Community Fund is an. SCF um so the Stell Community Fund is an SCF um so the Stell Community Fund is an. Open application grant program hosted by open application grant program hosted by. Open application grant program hosted by SBF um SBF um SBF um that serves as the springboard for many. That serves as the springboard for many that serves as the springboard for many businesses and Developers for uh many. Businesses and Developers for uh many businesses and Developers for uh many businesses uh building an on Stellar to. Businesses uh building an on Stellar to businesses uh building an on Stellar to turn their Concepts into tangible. Turn their Concepts into tangible turn their Concepts into tangible products and services and it's also um. Products and services and it's also um products and services and it's also um where SDF is providing funding but. Where SDF is providing funding but where SDF is providing funding but actually the community allocates um. Actually the community allocates um actually the community allocates um allocates where the funding goes to um. Allocates where the funding goes to um allocates where the funding goes to um so together with its predecessor the. So together with its predecessor the so together with its predecessor the Stellar Brill challenge has been around. Stellar Brill challenge has been around Stellar Brill challenge has been around actually since 2016 it's quite ancient. Actually since 2016 it's quite ancient actually since 2016 it's quite ancient in the blockchain industry and has. In the blockchain industry and has in the blockchain industry and has distributed almost 200 million lumens to. Distributed almost 200 million lumens to distributed almost 200 million lumens to. Hundreds of Stellar based projects based hundreds of Stellar based projects based. Hundreds of Stellar based projects based on community input including familiar on community input including familiar. On community input including familiar names um like Stellar expert Lobster names um like Stellar expert Lobster. Names um like Stellar expert Lobster light Min and ancl and a few names that light Min and ancl and a few names that. Light Min and ancl and a few names that you'll hear very soon uh so if you ever you'll hear very soon uh so if you ever. You'll hear very soon uh so if you ever looked at Grand space and stellar.org looked at Grand space and stellar.org. Looked at Grand space and stellar.org you see that we actually have many you see that we actually have many. You see that we actually have many grants but SCF is really quite special grants but SCF is really quite special. Grants but SCF is really quite special uh three reasons all kinds of use cases uh three reasons all kinds of use cases. Uh three reasons all kinds of use cases and pro uh projects scope sizes are and pro uh projects scope sizes are. And pro uh projects scope sizes are welcome um and the community is actively welcome um and the community is actively. Welcome um and the community is actively involved in guiding and supporting uh involved in guiding and supporting uh. Involved in guiding and supporting uh the projects as well as voting for the projects as well as voting for. The projects as well as voting for projects they want to see earn a grant projects they want to see earn a grant. Projects they want to see earn a grant and SCF grants are are no strings and SCF grants are are no strings. And SCF grants are are no strings attached so that means that Grant attached so that means that Grant. Attached so that means that Grant recipients decide how to spend their recipients decide how to spend their. Recipients decide how to spend their Grant and don't have to pay anything Grant and don't have to pay anything. Grant and don't have to pay anything back so it's quite special um how does back so it's quite special um how does. Back so it's quite special um how does SCF work in short it gives uh these like SCF work in short it gives uh these like. SCF work in short it gives uh these like you know Community companies and you know Community companies and. You know Community companies and Builders an opportunity to present Builders an opportunity to present. Builders an opportunity to present Stellar based projects to the BR Stell Stellar based projects to the BR Stell. Stellar based projects to the BR Stell Community for feedback and gives the BR Community for feedback and gives the BR. Community for feedback and gives the BR Stellar Community an opportunity to give Stellar Community an opportunity to give. Stellar Community an opportunity to give feedback and weigh in uh which projects feedback and weigh in uh which projects. Feedback and weigh in uh which projects to serve Lumen grants uh we are doing it to serve Lumen grants uh we are doing it. To serve Lumen grants uh we are doing it currently by anually uh on a Cadence on currently by anually uh on a Cadence on. Currently by anually uh on a Cadence on in the form of rounds so each of these in the form of rounds so each of these. In the form of rounds so each of these rounds are listed on community fund. Rounds are listed on community fund. Rounds are listed on community fund. Stellar.org stellar.org stellar.org um they have a set pool of lumens um they have a set pool of lumens. Um they have a set pool of lumens allocated for distribution to winning allocated for distribution to winning. Allocated for distribution to winning projects of that round and they consist projects of that round and they consist. Projects of that round and they consist of a few few phases that you see here of a few few phases that you see here. Of a few few phases that you see here currently we're actually in the currently we're actually in the. Currently we're actually in the submission phase uh for um the 11th uh submission phase uh for um the 11th uh. Submission phase uh for um the 11th uh uh edition of the Stell Community Fund uh edition of the Stell Community Fund. Uh edition of the Stell Community Fund and has a total pool of 8 million xlm to and has a total pool of 8 million xlm to. And has a total pool of 8 million xlm to distribute so that means that any distribute so that means that any. Distribute so that means that any eligible developer team or company eligible developer team or company. Eligible developer team or company building on Stellar can submit now to building on Stellar can submit now to. Building on Stellar can submit now to the SCF and request funding up to 200k the SCF and request funding up to 200k. The SCF and request funding up to 200k depending on their project scope so uh depending on their project scope so uh. Depending on their project scope so uh aside from funding participating in the aside from funding participating in the. Aside from funding participating in the SCF allows you to gather useful feedback SCF allows you to gather useful feedback. SCF allows you to gather useful feedback from a community gain Traction in the from a community gain Traction in the. From a community gain Traction in the ecosystem and open up a unique ecosystem and open up a unique. Ecosystem and open up a unique opportunities for growth we're also opportunities for growth we're also. Opportunities for growth we're also having a very exciting startup boot camp having a very exciting startup boot camp. Having a very exciting startup boot camp if you uh submit before September 25th if you uh submit before September 25th. If you uh submit before September 25th so definitely look into this but uh to so definitely look into this but uh to. So definitely look into this but uh to be considered for participation then be considered for participation then. Be considered for participation then really to um you know before your really to um you know before your. Really to um you know before your project reaches Community eyes uh your project reaches Community eyes uh your. Project reaches Community eyes uh your project need to pass the selection panel project need to pass the selection panel. Project need to pass the selection panel first and this is no small feat so last first and this is no small feat so last. First and this is no small feat so last round actually less than a third of round actually less than a third of. Round actually less than a third of submissions were selected to move submissions were selected to move. Submissions were selected to move forward and to learn how to set up your forward and to learn how to set up your. Forward and to learn how to set up your project for Success stay on uh to hear project for Success stay on uh to hear. Project for Success stay on uh to hear from leaders of Allstar pro project from leaders of Allstar pro project. From leaders of Allstar pro project winners of the previous Ed SCF rounds winners of the previous Ed SCF rounds. Winners of the previous Ed SCF rounds Alfred pay beans app Leaf Global fintech Alfred pay beans app Leaf Global fintech. Alfred pay beans app Leaf Global fintech Stellar Global and qued on how to set Stellar Global and qued on how to set. Stellar Global and qued on how to set your project up for Success so I talked your project up for Success so I talked. Your project up for Success so I talked a lot but let's start with some a lot but let's start with some. A lot but let's start with some introductions um and we'll start with introductions um and we'll start with. Introductions um and we'll start with Alfred P so take it Alfred P so take it Alfred P so take it. Away an thank you so much for having us away an thank you so much for having us away an thank you so much for having us. Um just a little bit of intro on us in um just a little bit of intro on us in um just a little bit of intro on us in. Alfred pay we participated in Sellar Alfred pay we participated in Sellar Alfred pay we participated in Sellar. Community Fund number nine um we are Community Fund number nine um we are Community Fund number nine um we are. Fortunate to be one of the winners there fortunate to be one of the winners there. Fortunate to be one of the winners there a little bit about us and what we do a little bit about us and what we do. A little bit about us and what we do we're currently an anchor on the network we're currently an anchor on the network. We're currently an anchor on the network that processes uh usdc payouts into the that processes uh usdc payouts into the. That processes uh usdc payouts into the Dominican Republic our ideas to uh scale Dominican Republic our ideas to uh scale. Dominican Republic our ideas to uh scale from there and um also build the from there and um also build the. From there and um also build the Dominican Republic stable coin um as we Dominican Republic stable coin um as we. Dominican Republic stable coin um as we scale our solution there and vertically scale our solution there and vertically. Scale our solution there and vertically we also have the Alfred pay wallet which we also have the Alfred pay wallet which. We also have the Alfred pay wallet which is a user facing product and we brand is a user facing product and we brand. Is a user facing product and we brand ourselves as a web 2.5 company because ourselves as a web 2.5 company because. Ourselves as a web 2.5 company because we use uh blockchain as the underlining we use uh blockchain as the underlining. We use uh blockchain as the underlining Tech but um we provide a traditional Tech but um we provide a traditional. Tech but um we provide a traditional payment experience so users are able to payment experience so users are able to. Payment experience so users are able to send USC uh by connecting their bank send USC uh by connecting their bank. Send USC uh by connecting their bank account with plaid Apple pay um or V account with plaid Apple pay um or V. Account with plaid Apple pay um or V Master cards and then very much like the Master cards and then very much like the. Master cards and then very much like the money gam integration our goal is is money gam integration our goal is is. Money gam integration our goal is is start with that and we try to provide as start with that and we try to provide as. Start with that and we try to provide as many outlets into local currency as many outlets into local currency as. Many outlets into local currency as possible so currently we're part of the possible so currently we're part of the. Possible so currently we're part of the largest ATM network on the ground in the largest ATM network on the ground in the. Largest ATM network on the ground in the Dominican Republic that allows you to Dominican Republic that allows you to. Dominican Republic that allows you to withdraw um in over 800 ATMs on the withdraw um in over 800 ATMs on the. Withdraw um in over 800 ATMs on the ground so USC for local Dominican pesos ground so USC for local Dominican pesos. Ground so USC for local Dominican pesos um also over 150 brick and mortars aside um also over 150 brick and mortars aside. Um also over 150 brick and mortars aside of the ones that money gram has which I of the ones that money gram has which I. Of the ones that money gram has which I believe they have an additional 600 believe they have an additional 600. Believe they have an additional 600 there and um last but not least door to there and um last but not least door to. There and um last but not least door to door delivery so door to door cash door delivery so door to door cash. Door delivery so door to door cash delivery in under two hours in exchange delivery in under two hours in exchange. Delivery in under two hours in exchange for usdc which is uh something super for usdc which is uh something super. For usdc which is uh something super powerful and yeah last but not least powerful and yeah last but not least. Powerful and yeah last but not least we're operational in the Dominican we're operational in the Dominican. We're operational in the Dominican Republic as I mentioned right now uh and Republic as I mentioned right now uh and. Republic as I mentioned right now uh and in quarter four of this year we're going. In quarter four of this year we're going in quarter four of this year we're going. To be launching our anchor in to be launching our anchor in to be launching our anchor in. Haiti wow that's really impressive I Haiti wow that's really impressive I Haiti wow that's really impressive I. Can't believe like it's been a while can't believe like it's been a while can't believe like it's been a while. Since I also heard from you and every since I also heard from you and every since I also heard from you and every. Time I hear from you it seems like time I hear from you it seems like time I hear from you it seems like. You've like just done so many new you've like just done so many new you've like just done so many new. Developments and really making real developments and really making real developments and really making real. Change for people so this is really change for people so this is really change for people so this is really. Exciting um great well thank you so much exciting um great well thank you so much. Exciting um great well thank you so much for being on board um let's hear from uh. For being on board um let's hear from uh for being on board um let's hear from uh. Beans app beans app beans app next great yeah thank you my name is next great yeah thank you my name is. Next great yeah thank you my name is wter founder of beans app and beans app wter founder of beans app and beans app. Wter founder of beans app and beans app uh took part in the last uh SCF round on uh took part in the last uh SCF round on. Uh took part in the last uh SCF round on number 10 and beans is a non-custodial number 10 and beans is a non-custodial. Number 10 and beans is a non-custodial wallet that enables anyone to send wallet that enables anyone to send. Wallet that enables anyone to send internationally at zero fee internationally at zero fee. Internationally at zero fee um so the problem we saw as many people um so the problem we saw as many people. Um so the problem we saw as many people building on Stellar know is that that building on Stellar know is that that. Building on Stellar know is that that International payments are slow and International payments are slow and. International payments are slow and expensive um and blockchain could solve expensive um and blockchain could solve. Expensive um and blockchain could solve that but it's often very complicated for that but it's often very complicated for. That but it's often very complicated for normal people so what we've done is normal people so what we've done is. Normal people so what we've done is build a noncustodial app that removes build a noncustodial app that removes. Build a noncustodial app that removes all the the crypto or blockchain uh all the the crypto or blockchain uh. All the the crypto or blockchain uh things to the back end so as a user that things to the back end so as a user that. Things to the back end so as a user that means you don't interact with private means you don't interact with private. Means you don't interact with private Keys you don't interact with trust lines Keys you don't interact with trust lines. Keys you don't interact with trust lines or any of that so when you create your or any of that so when you create your. Or any of that so when you create your wallet you choose your favorite currency wallet you choose your favorite currency. Wallet you choose your favorite currency for example dollars and then if you want. For example dollars and then if you want for example dollars and then if you want. To send money to someone in I don't know to send money to someone in I don't know. To send money to someone in I don't know Argentina that wants to receive peso all. Argentina that wants to receive peso all Argentina that wants to receive peso all. You have to do is look them up the app you have to do is look them up the app you have to do is look them up the app. Will know that they want to receive will know that they want to receive will know that they want to receive. Pesos and show you the right conversion pesos and show you the right conversion pesos and show you the right conversion. And all you have to do is type in how and all you have to do is type in how and all you have to do is type in how. Much you want to send so you don't even much you want to send so you don't even much you want to send so you don't even. Have to think about the currency they have to think about the currency they have to think about the currency they. Want to receive and that all with zero want to receive and that all with zero want to receive and that all with zero. Fees um so and the same you can do with fees um so and the same you can do with fees um so and the same you can do with. Requests so you can request something requests so you can request something requests so you can request something. And when someone pay it it will and when someone pay it it will and when someone pay it it will. Automatically convert into the right automatically convert into the right automatically convert into the right. Currency for currency for currency for them so that's uh beans so basically a them so that's uh beans so basically a. Them so that's uh beans so basically a global venmo is what we're trying to global venmo is what we're trying to. Global venmo is what we're trying to build here build here build here um super excited to be part of this so. Um super excited to be part of this so um super excited to be part of this so uh thanks yeah I was also really excited. Uh thanks yeah I was also really excited uh thanks yeah I was also really excited. When I when I heard that you uh as you when I when I heard that you uh as you when I when I heard that you uh as you. Know long Community longtime Community know long Community longtime Community know long Community longtime Community. Member like finally like had a project member like finally like had a project member like finally like had a project. And it was like super like I I really and it was like super like I I really and it was like super like I I really. Like this project like it seems like like this project like it seems like like this project like it seems like. It's it's a got a very it it like this it's it's a got a very it it like this it's it's a got a very it it like this. Has been an existing problem right but has been an existing problem right but has been an existing problem right but. Really uh having like such a Innovative really uh having like such a Innovative really uh having like such a Innovative. And and like such a like really great and and like such a like really great and and like such a like really great. Design and and great thinking about for design and and great thinking about for design and and great thinking about for. The solution I think that's that's the solution I think that's that's the solution I think that's that's. What's really unique and uh yeah so I'm what's really unique and uh yeah so I'm what's really unique and uh yeah so I'm. Very excited all right well we'll hear very excited all right well we'll hear very excited all right well we'll hear. More from you but let's go uh I want to more from you but let's go uh I want to more from you but let's go uh I want to. Hear now from funto of quid fto are you able I think you need quid fto are you able I think you need. To unmute first okay sorry about that um hi first okay sorry about that um hi everyone um fto barice I'm out of Abuja. Everyone um fto barice I'm out of Abuja everyone um fto barice I'm out of Abuja Nigeria I'm excited to be here um and. Nigeria I'm excited to be here um and Nigeria I'm excited to be here um and part of we won in um SCF round um nine. Part of we won in um SCF round um nine part of we won in um SCF round um nine um and um cryto is an online facturing. Um and um cryto is an online facturing um and um cryto is an online facturing platform that um um where transactions. Platform that um um where transactions platform that um um where transactions are streamlined um where smes can get. Are streamlined um where smes can get are streamlined um where smes can get paid um fast cas cash um what when they. Paid um fast cas cash um what when they paid um fast cas cash um what when they sell their invoices and how we're. Sell their invoices and how we're sell their invoices and how we're leveraging um Stellar um Stellar um. Leveraging um Stellar um Stellar um leveraging um Stellar um Stellar um platform or the the blockchain is is. Platform or the the blockchain is is platform or the the blockchain is is really to optimize the payment and. Really to optimize the payment and really to optimize the payment and financial transactions um and for us. Financial transactions um and for us financial transactions um and for us particularly um we're optimizing for. Particularly um we're optimizing for particularly um we're optimizing for quick transparent and efficient. Quick transparent and efficient quick transparent and efficient invoicing financing for smes um we the. Invoicing financing for smes um we the invoicing financing for smes um we the funding we got um in the saf round nine. Funding we got um in the saf round nine funding we got um in the saf round nine definitely helped us to build um we're. Definitely helped us to build um we're definitely helped us to build um we're still build mode but um we've been able. Still build mode but um we've been able still build mode but um we've been able to sort of make inroads um we pivoted a. To sort of make inroads um we pivoted a to sort of make inroads um we pivoted a bit because we were focusing on smes. Bit because we were focusing on smes bit because we were focusing on smes before uh right now we're working trying. Before uh right now we're working trying before uh right now we're working trying. To work with um vendors directly just to work with um vendors directly just to work with um vendors directly just. Because of some of the issues um with because of some of the issues um with because of some of the issues um with. Repayments and things like that but um repayments and things like that but um repayments and things like that but um. Excited to be here to answer any excited to be here to answer any excited to be here to answer any. Questions that anybody questions that anybody questions that anybody has awesome yeah no it's exciting I. Has awesome yeah no it's exciting I has awesome yeah no it's exciting I remember so quid was also like. Remember so quid was also like remember so quid was also like participated in a 2021 boot camp with. Participated in a 2021 boot camp with participated in a 2021 boot camp with the fs lab and uh you were also very. The fs lab and uh you were also very the fs lab and uh you were also very early in development then and kind of. Early in development then and kind of early in development then and kind of seeing how much you've already grown. Seeing how much you've already grown seeing how much you've already grown right and it it's kind of um. Right and it it's kind of um right and it it's kind of um unprecedented almost for like a start up. Unprecedented almost for like a start up unprecedented almost for like a start up. Like I I I think it's it's really great like I I I think it's it's really great like I I I think it's it's really great. Great work there so yeah excited to hear great work there so yeah excited to hear. Great work there so yeah excited to hear more from your learnings as well um but more from your learnings as well um but. More from your learnings as well um but we have two more introductions uh Nat we have two more introductions uh Nat. We have two more introductions uh Nat from Leaf Global fintech take it away from Leaf Global fintech take it away. From Leaf Global fintech take it away great thank you and thank you all for uh great thank you and thank you all for uh. Great thank you and thank you all for uh for having us Leaf is a digital wallet for having us Leaf is a digital wallet. For having us Leaf is a digital wallet that was designed initially for refugees that was designed initially for refugees. That was designed initially for refugees and migrants people who are fleeing and migrants people who are fleeing. And migrants people who are fleeing conflict and carrying cash across conflict and carrying cash across. Conflict and carrying cash across borders but may have a mobile phone and borders but may have a mobile phone and. Borders but may have a mobile phone and so we've designed our wallets to um work so we've designed our wallets to um work. So we've designed our wallets to um work and help customers who have both and help customers who have both. And help customers who have both smartphones or non-smartphones we use a smartphones or non-smartphones we use a. Smartphones or non-smartphones we use a technology called ussd that's very technology called ussd that's very. Technology called ussd that's very prominent throughout um Africa and East prominent throughout um Africa and East. Prominent throughout um Africa and East Africa where customers can load funds Africa where customers can load funds. Africa where customers can load funds onto our wallet um and cross those onto our wallet um and cross those. Onto our wallet um and cross those borders safely without uh carrying cash borders safely without uh carrying cash. Borders safely without uh carrying cash so we are live in Kenya Uganda and so we are live in Kenya Uganda and. So we are live in Kenya Uganda and Rwanda and looking to expand to more Rwanda and looking to expand to more. Rwanda and looking to expand to more partners and more countries throughout partners and more countries throughout. Partners and more countries throughout Africa but really have designed leave to Africa but really have designed leave to. Africa but really have designed leave to be a a global solution uh we spent a lot. Be a a global solution uh we spent a lot be a a global solution uh we spent a lot. Of time in Colombia and helping and of time in Colombia and helping and of time in Colombia and helping and. Talking to uh Venezuelan migrants coming talking to uh Venezuelan migrants coming. Talking to uh Venezuelan migrants coming across the border and everyone facing across the border and everyone facing. Across the border and everyone facing the same challenge of carrying cash the same challenge of carrying cash. The same challenge of carrying cash having a phone uh can't get a bank having a phone uh can't get a bank. Having a phone uh can't get a bank account um but I think can really account um but I think can really. Account um but I think can really benefit from uh from these Services um I benefit from uh from these Services um I. Benefit from uh from these Services um I will say also that we launched nft uh will say also that we launched nft uh. Will say also that we launched nft uh art sales program for some of our art sales program for some of our. Art sales program for some of our Refugee um customers on Leaf to help Refugee um customers on Leaf to help. Refugee um customers on Leaf to help them create and mints nfts on life mint them create and mints nfts on life mint. Them create and mints nfts on life mint and then sell sell those to the global and then sell sell those to the global. And then sell sell those to the global community and then we would send those community and then we would send those. Community and then we would send those funds directly to their Leaf wallets funds directly to their Leaf wallets. Funds directly to their Leaf wallets that's been a lot of fun and exciting to that's been a lot of fun and exciting to. That's been a lot of fun and exciting to work on with work on with work on with Stellar yeah yeah no thank you and leaf. Stellar yeah yeah no thank you and leaf Stellar yeah yeah no thank you and leaf Global fex also been around for quite a. Global fex also been around for quite a Global fex also been around for quite a bit like I think uh it was the seventh. Bit like I think uh it was the seventh bit like I think uh it was the seventh round right this is already feels like. Round right this is already feels like round right this is already feels like ages. Ages ages ago yeah yeah yeah yeah you're ago yeah yeah yeah yeah you're ago yeah yeah yeah yeah you're. Old-Timers in this this new industry no Old-Timers in this this new industry no Old-Timers in this this new industry no. But I think it's it's really great and but I think it's it's really great and but I think it's it's really great and. Really cool to see such an Innovative really cool to see such an Innovative really cool to see such an Innovative. Use case as well that's making real use case as well that's making real use case as well that's making real. Impact so um yeah no looking forward to impact so um yeah no looking forward to impact so um yeah no looking forward to. Uh hearing from you more and last but uh hearing from you more and last but uh hearing from you more and last but. Not least Sam from Stellar Global take not least Sam from Stellar Global take not least Sam from Stellar Global take. It away hey Ana hey everybody great to it away hey Ana hey everybody great to it away hey Ana hey everybody great to. See all these faces again um yeah so I'm see all these faces again um yeah so I'm. See all these faces again um yeah so I'm Sam and um I founded a community called Sam and um I founded a community called. Sam and um I founded a community called Stellar Global um actually back um man Stellar Global um actually back um man. Stellar Global um actually back um man 2019 and so actually been doing it for a 2019 and so actually been doing it for a. 2019 and so actually been doing it for a while um and and really it it was um while um and and really it it was um. While um and and really it it was um kind of birth out the notion that I kind of birth out the notion that I. Kind of birth out the notion that I always looked at Stellar as this always looked at Stellar as this. Always looked at Stellar as this incredible opportunity to um Foster incredible opportunity to um Foster. Incredible opportunity to um Foster entrepreneurs and developers um and entrepreneurs and developers um and. Entrepreneurs and developers um and really help to build um economic uh really help to build um economic uh. Really help to build um economic uh prosperity and opportunities for a lot prosperity and opportunities for a lot. Prosperity and opportunities for a lot of people and so um yeah Stella Globe of people and so um yeah Stella Globe. Of people and so um yeah Stella Globe has been great um we um entered into the has been great um we um entered into the. Has been great um we um entered into the fund actually just last year so I think fund actually just last year so I think. Fund actually just last year so I think this was what the 10th one was it the this was what the 10th one was it the. This was what the 10th one was it the 10th one I'm wondering was it the 10th 10th one I'm wondering was it the 10th. 10th one I'm wondering was it the 10th 11th I don't even know what number we 11th I don't even know what number we. 11th I don't even know what number we were now no you were in the ninth so it were now no you were in the ninth so it. Were now no you were in the ninth so it wasn't all right yeah so um so it's been wasn't all right yeah so um so it's been. Wasn't all right yeah so um so it's been great it's really allowed um the ability. Great it's really allowed um the ability great it's really allowed um the ability. To do a lot more onsite uh this past to do a lot more onsite uh this past to do a lot more onsite uh this past. Year having a chance to speak at Davos year having a chance to speak at Davos year having a chance to speak at Davos. Um and be a voice um also head to um and be a voice um also head to um and be a voice um also head to. Washington DC where we helped to Washington DC where we helped to Washington DC where we helped to. Advocate uh for uh Black and Latino um Advocate uh for uh Black and Latino um Advocate uh for uh Black and Latino um. Uh developers and entrepreneurs that are uh developers and entrepreneurs that are. Uh developers and entrepreneurs that are building on chain um as well as several building on chain um as well as several. Building on chain um as well as several other things you know doing podcast other things you know doing podcast. Other things you know doing podcast videos um engagement um so yeah we could videos um engagement um so yeah we could. Videos um engagement um so yeah we could talk a lot more in detail later on but talk a lot more in detail later on but. Talk a lot more in detail later on but um really glad to be here awesome well um really glad to be here awesome well. Um really glad to be here awesome well thank you we're honored that you're here thank you we're honored that you're here. Thank you we're honored that you're here Sam is definitely the most uh active uh Sam is definitely the most uh active uh. Sam is definitely the most uh active uh Community member that we have and even Community member that we have and even. Community member that we have and even much more than that like you're also much more than that like you're also. Much more than that like you're also part of light Min now right yeah yeah part of light Min now right yeah yeah. Part of light Min now right yeah yeah another um SDF winner um as well I got another um SDF winner um as well I got. Another um SDF winner um as well I got to meet uh Fred back in 2019 as well and to meet uh Fred back in 2019 as well and. To meet uh Fred back in 2019 as well and so um it's been great I on a a strategic. So um it's been great I on a a strategic so um it's been great I on a a strategic. Advisor uh for light mint and uh we're advisor uh for light mint and uh we're advisor uh for light mint and uh we're. Doing some great things so really really doing some great things so really really. Doing some great things so really really happy shout out to Fred awesome yes happy shout out to Fred awesome yes. Happy shout out to Fred awesome yes shout out to Fred if he's watching shout out to Fred if he's watching. Shout out to Fred if he's watching hopefully U well you know and that hopefully U well you know and that. Hopefully U well you know and that really leads us into the discussion really leads us into the discussion. Really leads us into the discussion right and so here if you're here in the right and so here if you're here in the. Right and so here if you're here in the audience if you're on Zoom you have the audience if you're on Zoom you have the. Audience if you're on Zoom you have the chance uh as a an audience member to ask chance uh as a an audience member to ask. Chance uh as a an audience member to ask questions to any of these panelists and questions to any of these panelists and. Questions to any of these panelists and I will uh be taking a look at the the I will uh be taking a look at the the. I will uh be taking a look at the the questions the Q&amp;A section here so questions the Q&amp;A section here so. Questions the Q&amp;A section here so definitely add your questions and I I definitely add your questions and I I. Definitely add your questions and I I will ask them if they're you know if will ask them if they're you know if. Will ask them if they're you know if they're relevant to the discussion so they're relevant to the discussion so. They're relevant to the discussion so let me stop sharing my screen and uh let me stop sharing my screen and uh. Let me stop sharing my screen and uh let's start in panel mode so um let's go let's start in panel mode so um let's go. Let's start in panel mode so um let's go into one of the first questions so for into one of the first questions so for. Into one of the first questions so for the like for about 15 minutes I I really the like for about 15 minutes I I really. The like for about 15 minutes I I really would like to know a little bit more would like to know a little bit more. Would like to know a little bit more about your experience like coming into about your experience like coming into. About your experience like coming into the SCF and um how they how you've grown the SCF and um how they how you've grown. The SCF and um how they how you've grown since then so yeah like like you know since then so yeah like like you know. Since then so yeah like like you know and this can be of any phase like maybe and this can be of any phase like maybe. And this can be of any phase like maybe the you know the submission or like the the you know the submission or like the. The you know the submission or like the community discussion like what was your community discussion like what was your. Community discussion like what was your experience uh in the SCF anyone feel experience uh in the SCF anyone feel. Experience uh in the SCF anyone feel free to chip in otherwise I'm going to free to chip in otherwise I'm going to. Free to chip in otherwise I'm going to assign someone all right Sam since you have. Someone all right Sam since you have your microphone your microphone your microphone. Unmuted um yeah you know for um for me unmuted um yeah you know for um for me unmuted um yeah you know for um for me. It was great so um you know I started it was great so um you know I started it was great so um you know I started. Off like I said uh as a community member off like I said uh as a community member. Off like I said uh as a community member um and I typically looked at the CF uh um and I typically looked at the CF uh. Um and I typically looked at the CF uh strictly from like a business like okay strictly from like a business like okay. Strictly from like a business like okay like look at the businesses that are like look at the businesses that are. Like look at the businesses that are that are joining in um but for myself as that are joining in um but for myself as. That are joining in um but for myself as Sanka mentioned I was spending a lot of Sanka mentioned I was spending a lot of. Sanka mentioned I was spending a lot of time just in doing things and so what time just in doing things and so what. Time just in doing things and so what the SCF funds allowed um you know us to the SCF funds allowed um you know us to. The SCF funds allowed um you know us to do was really from encouragment one from do was really from encouragment one from. Do was really from encouragment one from the uh Community they're like hey look the uh Community they're like hey look. The uh Community they're like hey look there's a lot more you know you could do there's a lot more you know you could do. There's a lot more you know you could do you know we're spending a lot of time you know we're spending a lot of time. You know we're spending a lot of time involved in this um you know you involved in this um you know you. Involved in this um you know you definitely should reach out to it um and definitely should reach out to it um and. Definitely should reach out to it um and so getting involved was was really uh so getting involved was was really uh. So getting involved was was really uh great going through the process uh um great going through the process uh um. Great going through the process uh um and yeah it's really allowed just for and yeah it's really allowed just for. And yeah it's really allowed just for larger exposure um not just for Stellar larger exposure um not just for Stellar. Larger exposure um not just for Stellar Global but you know the entire uh Global but you know the entire uh. Global but you know the entire uh Stellar ecosystem as a whole um I got to Stellar ecosystem as a whole um I got to. Stellar ecosystem as a whole um I got to do a lot more traveling and really put do a lot more traveling and really put. Do a lot more traveling and really put that uh I guess the message and the the that uh I guess the message and the the. That uh I guess the message and the the mission of uh what Stellar is all about mission of uh what Stellar is all about. Mission of uh what Stellar is all about on the road and I think it helped to on the road and I think it helped to. On the road and I think it helped to make a lot a lot more impact and then make a lot a lot more impact and then. Make a lot a lot more impact and then also um you know having those funds also um you know having those funds. Also um you know having those funds allowed me to free up my time I I wasn't allowed me to free up my time I I wasn't. Allowed me to free up my time I I wasn't working uh throughout the air kind of working uh throughout the air kind of. Working uh throughout the air kind of focus solely on this and so it allowed focus solely on this and so it allowed. Focus solely on this and so it allowed for a lot more Twitter spaces a lot more for a lot more Twitter spaces a lot more. For a lot more Twitter spaces a lot more engagements um you know speaking with engagements um you know speaking with. Engagements um you know speaking with leaders um all across the world um so leaders um all across the world um so. Leaders um all across the world um so yeah it I think it's helped there and yeah it I think it's helped there and. Yeah it I think it's helped there and we've seen just that sort of impact we've seen just that sort of impact. We've seen just that sort of impact within uh the community members I'm within uh the community members I'm. Within uh the community members I'm really happy the way Stellar Global really happy the way Stellar Global. Really happy the way Stellar Global itself has grown out um you know from it itself has grown out um you know from it. Itself has grown out um you know from it we've seen other businesses um we we've seen other businesses um we. We've seen other businesses um we there's many here on the call here that there's many here on the call here that. There's many here on the call here that um has used our utilized and leveraged um has used our utilized and leveraged. Um has used our utilized and leveraged the community I know I've interviewed the community I know I've interviewed. The community I know I've interviewed like say leave Global I've been down to like say leave Global I've been down to. Like say leave Global I've been down to Miami to see what Diego was doing Miami to see what Diego was doing. Miami to see what Diego was doing firsthand and and and uh really support firsthand and and and uh really support. Firsthand and and and uh really support Alfred pay so I think it really opened Alfred pay so I think it really opened. Alfred pay so I think it really opened up those Dynamics and then we're seeing up those Dynamics and then we're seeing. Up those Dynamics and then we're seeing other folks that are doing things as other folks that are doing things as. Other folks that are doing things as well I mean you seen from Stellar Global well I mean you seen from Stellar Global. Well I mean you seen from Stellar Global you see for instance what uh eir has is you see for instance what uh eir has is. You see for instance what uh eir has is his impact that has been that he's put his impact that has been that he's put. His impact that has been that he's put out uh throughout the community as well out uh throughout the community as well. Out uh throughout the community as well um we see people let's say um like the um we see people let's say um like the. Um we see people let's say um like the SDF who has been leveraging the Stella SDF who has been leveraging the Stella. SDF who has been leveraging the Stella Global community directly as well well Global community directly as well well. Global community directly as well well um their Community manager manager is in um their Community manager manager is in. Um their Community manager manager is in there often um we see members of the there often um we see members of the. There often um we see members of the engineering team that are leveraging um engineering team that are leveraging um. Engineering team that are leveraging um Stella Global Discord as well um so you Stella Global Discord as well um so you. Stella Global Discord as well um so you know I think it's it's really helped to know I think it's it's really helped to. Know I think it's it's really helped to kind of create a uh a foundation of the kind of create a uh a foundation of the. Kind of create a uh a foundation of the culture uh for the community and um and culture uh for the community and um and. Culture uh for the community and um and hopefully that can spread into other hopefully that can spread into other. Hopefully that can spread into other endeavors but yeah I'll pause there endeavors but yeah I'll pause there. Endeavors but yeah I'll pause there awesome yeah know I I I really enjoy awesome yeah know I I I really enjoy. Awesome yeah know I I I really enjoy being in there it's also like everyone's being in there it's also like everyone's. Being in there it's also like everyone's also so like positive right because you also so like positive right because you. Also so like positive right because you have like so many communities like out have like so many communities like out. Have like so many communities like out there on the internet and it's like you there on the internet and it's like you. There on the internet and it's like you know like oh like you kind of have to know like oh like you kind of have to. Know like oh like you kind of have to try it carefully because like you know try it carefully because like you know. Try it carefully because like you know there there's scams left and right right there there's scams left and right right. There there's scams left and right right especially in the crypto Community but especially in the crypto Community but. Especially in the crypto Community but Stella Global like when I was in there Stella Global like when I was in there. Stella Global like when I was in there like people are just so nice and like like people are just so nice and like. Like people are just so nice and like you know and that and that is like you know and that and that is like. You know and that and that is like really good Community Management like really good Community Management like. Really good Community Management like fostering that culture is so important fostering that culture is so important. Fostering that culture is so important so yeah definitely shout out and shout so yeah definitely shout out and shout. So yeah definitely shout out and shout out to some people that you mentioned out to some people that you mentioned. Out to some people that you mentioned like's shout out to John I know he's in like's shout out to John I know he's in. Like's shout out to John I know he's in there all the time spintax um great well there all the time spintax um great well. There all the time spintax um great well speaking about Community right uh vouter. Speaking about Community right uh vouter speaking about Community right uh vouter. I know that you've also been in the I know that you've also been in the I know that you've also been in the. Community for a long time uh how did you community for a long time uh how did you. Community for a long time uh how did you get started and then how did what was get started and then how did what was. Get started and then how did what was your experience in the SCF like what your experience in the SCF like what. Your experience in the SCF like what stood stood stood out yeah I think this this idea of. Out yeah I think this this idea of out yeah I think this this idea of um wanting to pay in a non-custodial way. Um wanting to pay in a non-custodial way um wanting to pay in a non-custodial way. Uh and for being able to pay anyone has uh and for being able to pay anyone has uh and for being able to pay anyone has. Been in my mind for quite a long time been in my mind for quite a long time been in my mind for quite a long time. And since I traveled to east of Asia and and since I traveled to east of Asia and. And since I traveled to east of Asia and having to pay uh or transfer my money having to pay uh or transfer my money. Having to pay uh or transfer my money from euros into the local currency was from euros into the local currency was. From euros into the local currency was very hard and I found stellar and did it very hard and I found stellar and did it. Very hard and I found stellar and did it by that in by that in by that in 2017 and then I was really in inspired. 2017 and then I was really in inspired 2017 and then I was really in inspired and hoping for for some Global ven mode. And hoping for for some Global ven mode and hoping for for some Global ven mode to come up and then I haven't seen it so. To come up and then I haven't seen it so to come up and then I haven't seen it so. Started it and then on on the experience started it and then on on the experience. Started it and then on on the experience of SCF what I think is besides the of SCF what I think is besides the. Of SCF what I think is besides the funding and speeding up your development funding and speeding up your development. Funding and speeding up your development what is super interesting is that you what is super interesting is that you. What is super interesting is that you are forced to do a lot of things are forced to do a lot of things. Are forced to do a lot of things basically by taking part so what you do basically by taking part so what you do. Basically by taking part so what you do is you get engagement from very uh is you get engagement from very uh. Is you get engagement from very uh engaged testers so you get people that engaged testers so you get people that. Engaged testers so you get people that that want to review what you're doing so that want to review what you're doing so. That want to review what you're doing so they give you very valuable feedback so they give you very valuable feedback so. They give you very valuable feedback so that's very important to us as well um that's very important to us as well um. That's very important to us as well um so that's one another one is that we did so that's one another one is that we did. So that's one another one is that we did this community pitch right so yeah this community pitch right so yeah. This community pitch right so yeah you're forced to write down what your you're forced to write down what your. You're forced to write down what your problem is what what product you problem is what what product you. Problem is what what product you offering so that that's good to think offering so that that's good to think. Offering so that that's good to think about um you write it down as well as about um you write it down as well as. About um you write it down as well as part of your submission which is good to part of your submission which is good to. Part of your submission which is good to do um you can easily fall into the Trap do um you can easily fall into the Trap. Do um you can easily fall into the Trap that yeah I've got it all in my mind that yeah I've got it all in my mind. That yeah I've got it all in my mind right but it's good to to write it down right but it's good to to write it down. Right but it's good to to write it down for someone else to read for someone else to read. For someone else to read it and then finally you have a whole it and then finally you have a whole. It and then finally you have a whole network of people seeing what you build network of people seeing what you build. Network of people seeing what you build so people can reach out to you in a very so people can reach out to you in a very. So people can reach out to you in a very early phase and and create valuable early phase and and create valuable. Early phase and and create valuable connections from that so I think in the connections from that so I think in the. Connections from that so I think in the experience it's it's way more than just experience it's it's way more than just. Experience it's it's way more than just applying to get funding it's it's also a applying to get funding it's it's also a. Applying to get funding it's it's also a process that gives you a lot of value I process that gives you a lot of value I. Process that gives you a lot of value I think yeah think yeah think yeah yeah yeah no I I think that's yeah that. Yeah yeah no I I think that's yeah that yeah yeah no I I think that's yeah that because that's also what I hear hear. Because that's also what I hear hear because that's also what I hear hear from a lot of people that like yeah I. From a lot of people that like yeah I from a lot of people that like yeah I mean they you know they need funding. Mean they you know they need funding mean they you know they need funding like everyone needs funding to get. Like everyone needs funding to get like everyone needs funding to get started to fund their development to. Started to fund their development to started to fund their development to fund like any like to scale their. Fund like any like to scale their fund like any like to scale their project right but I guess like what. Project right but I guess like what project right but I guess like what people walk away with um is really that. People walk away with um is really that people walk away with um is really that experience um like let's say like Nat. Experience um like let's say like Nat experience um like let's say like Nat fto or Diego does that resonate with any. Fto or Diego does that resonate with any fto or Diego does that resonate with any. Of you feel free to Che of you feel free to Che of you feel free to Che in yeah so for me um you know I was very. In yeah so for me um you know I was very in yeah so for me um you know I was very. I mean fortunate and privileged to have I mean fortunate and privileged to have I mean fortunate and privileged to have. Attended the boot camp um before joining attended the boot camp um before joining. Attended the boot camp um before joining the community and I think that was a the community and I think that was a. The community and I think that was a game changer um like you you mentioned game changer um like you you mentioned. Game changer um like you you mentioned um we were very early early stage when um we were very early early stage when. Um we were very early early stage when we applied and that's one thing I would we applied and that's one thing I would. We applied and that's one thing I would say say to anybody who's listening you say say to anybody who's listening you. Say say to anybody who's listening you you don't have to have like a a um a you don't have to have like a a um a. You don't have to have like a a um a project or you know um you know project or you know um you know. Project or you know um you know something that is already established or something that is already established or. Something that is already established or you know it could be early stage and you. You know it could be early stage and you you know it could be early stage and you. Can still apply right um and I always can still apply right um and I always can still apply right um and I always. Help that I'm a non-tech female founder help that I'm a non-tech female founder help that I'm a non-tech female founder. So I literally learned a lot during the so I literally learned a lot during the so I literally learned a lot during the. Book camp and just even in terms of just book camp and just even in terms of just. Book camp and just even in terms of just you know design thinking and all that you know design thinking and all that. You know design thinking and all that right was is very great and then joining right was is very great and then joining. Right was is very great and then joining the um the community um I will say that the um the community um I will say that. The um the community um I will say that um similar to what w had said you know um similar to what w had said you know. Um similar to what w had said you know there are people who will kick the tires there are people who will kick the tires. There are people who will kick the tires around your idea and sort of challenge around your idea and sort of challenge. Around your idea and sort of challenge you and then you have to go back and you and then you have to go back and. You and then you have to go back and sort of look at what you're doing and sort of look at what you're doing and. Sort of look at what you're doing and say oh does this make sense or how do I say oh does this make sense or how do I. Say oh does this make sense or how do I solve this or how do I answer this solve this or how do I answer this. Solve this or how do I answer this because you know that they're somewhat because you know that they're somewhat. Because you know that they're somewhat waiting for your response right so you waiting for your response right so you. Waiting for your response right so you go back to your team and you're like go back to your team and you're like. Go back to your team and you're like okay so what is you know how do we solve okay so what is you know how do we solve. Okay so what is you know how do we solve this right this is a problem and if this right this is a problem and if. This right this is a problem and if these people are asking this question it these people are asking this question it. These people are asking this question it means other people are going to ask the means other people are going to ask the. Means other people are going to ask the question um so for me it um the the question um so for me it um the the. Question um so for me it um the the community was great that way um but like community was great that way um but like. Community was great that way um but like I said I you know people sometimes might. I said I you know people sometimes might I said I you know people sometimes might. Not apply because maybe they're worried not apply because maybe they're worried not apply because maybe they're worried. Or scared or for me I if I could apply or scared or for me I if I could apply or scared or for me I if I could apply. And you know I'm still on this panel and you know I'm still on this panel and you know I'm still on this panel. Today talking I'll encourage anybody today talking I'll encourage anybody today talking I'll encourage anybody. Who's building anything on using who's building anything on using who's building anything on using. Blockchain to apply because you never blockchain to apply because you never blockchain to apply because you never. Know one again there are people in the know one again there are people in the know one again there are people in the. Community who are willing to support who community who are willing to support who. Community who are willing to support who are willing to help who are willing to are willing to help who are willing to. Are willing to help who are willing to ask questions who are willing to you ask questions who are willing to you. Ask questions who are willing to you know give their five cents as needed um know give their five cents as needed um. Know give their five cents as needed um so you can't really go wrong right so it so you can't really go wrong right so it. So you can't really go wrong right so it all like an incubation place as well all like an incubation place as well. All like an incubation place as well where you're building but there's a lot where you're building but there's a lot. Where you're building but there's a lot of safety to some degree around it where of safety to some degree around it where. Of safety to some degree around it where you're not just flailing by yourself all. You're not just flailing by yourself all you're not just flailing by yourself all. Over the place so again I would over the place so again I would over the place so again I would. Encourage everybody who's you know maybe encourage everybody who's you know maybe. Encourage everybody who's you know maybe of two minds um to definitely um check of two minds um to definitely um check. Of two minds um to definitely um check it out and definitely apply awesome oh it out and definitely apply awesome oh. It out and definitely apply awesome oh that's I'm I'm like really happy to hear that's I'm I'm like really happy to hear. That's I'm I'm like really happy to hear that your experience as well especially that your experience as well especially. That your experience as well especially like you know really like using it as as like you know really like using it as as. Like you know really like using it as as some like feedback like a space also some like feedback like a space also. Some like feedback like a space also like to develop like it's not that you like to develop like it's not that you. Like to develop like it's not that you don't need to send in a you know don't need to send in a you know. Don't need to send in a you know completely perfect Pro uh product or completely perfect Pro uh product or. Completely perfect Pro uh product or because well there is nothing like because well there is nothing like. Because well there is nothing like you're always going to iterate you're you're always going to iterate you're. You're always going to iterate you're always going to develop always going to develop. Always going to develop um yeah and so like uh let's say like uh um yeah and so like uh let's say like uh. Um yeah and so like uh let's say like uh Diego like um I know that you've Diego like um I know that you've. Diego like um I know that you've participated in SCF 9 so that was a bit participated in SCF 9 so that was a bit. Participated in SCF 9 so that was a bit more of the recent rounds where we had more of the recent rounds where we had. More of the recent rounds where we had you know all these different like phases you know all these different like phases. You know all these different like phases as well um like what what did what as well um like what what did what. As well um like what what did what jumped out for you and what was your jumped out for you and what was your. Jumped out for you and what was your [Music] [Music] [Music] experience our EXP experience in SCF in. Experience our EXP experience in SCF in experience our EXP experience in SCF in SCF was awesome um first and foremost. SCF was awesome um first and foremost SCF was awesome um first and foremost like I think it was it was fitting for. Like I think it was it was fitting for like I think it was it was fitting for Sam to talk first because one of our. Sam to talk first because one of our Sam to talk first because one of our first images of seller other than going. First images of seller other than going first images of seller other than going on and reading a little bit about what. On and reading a little bit about what on and reading a little bit about what Stellar does what Sam platform through. Stellar does what Sam platform through Stellar does what Sam platform through Stellar Global so being able to dive. Stellar Global so being able to dive Stellar Global so being able to dive further into Stellar Global and and see. Further into Stellar Global and and see further into Stellar Global and and see some of the previous projects what other. Some of the previous projects what other some of the previous projects what other. Projects on the ecosystem are building projects on the ecosystem are building projects on the ecosystem are building. Um it it really gave us that had to um it it really gave us that had to um it it really gave us that had to. Start and also we connected with Sam I start and also we connected with Sam I start and also we connected with Sam I. Think that connecting with Sam is never think that connecting with Sam is never think that connecting with Sam is never. A bad idea and I think that everybody a bad idea and I think that everybody a bad idea and I think that everybody. Here can can vouch to that um but our here can can vouch to that um but our here can can vouch to that um but our. Experience for stf was was great for us experience for stf was was great for us experience for stf was was great for us. We we are really passionate about what we we are really passionate about what we we are really passionate about what. We're building like water Comm uh said we're building like water Comm uh said we're building like water Comm uh said. Earlier like the payment space today is earlier like the payment space today is earlier like the payment space today is. Is extremely inefficient and through is extremely inefficient and through is extremely inefficient and through. Stellar we're able to to build that Stellar we're able to to build that Stellar we're able to to build that. Change and one of the coolest things is change and one of the coolest things is change and one of the coolest things is. That we're all if you're applying for that we're all if you're applying for that we're all if you're applying for. The SCF the concept is that you're the SCF the concept is that you're the SCF the concept is that you're. Building a long-term project correct building a long-term project correct building a long-term project correct. Like your project doesn't end right like your project doesn't end right like your project doesn't end right. After the Community Fund is over um and after the Community Fund is over um and after the Community Fund is over um and. What that means is that you're going to what that means is that you're going to what that means is that you're going to. Have to raise a lot of money um have to raise a lot of money um have to raise a lot of money um. Truthfully um but one of the cool things truthfully um but one of the cool things. Truthfully um but one of the cool things is that the audience here is the is that the audience here is the. Is that the audience here is the audience that is receptive to seller audience that is receptive to seller. Audience that is receptive to seller know what is knows the power of so you know what is knows the power of so you. Know what is knows the power of so you get that validation from the community get that validation from the community. Get that validation from the community that is a able to fund your project and that is a able to fund your project and. That is a able to fund your project and then um catapult you I mean we've been then um catapult you I mean we've been. Then um catapult you I mean we've been extremely extremely blessed um post SCF extremely extremely blessed um post SCF. Extremely extremely blessed um post SCF and I think that this is also credit to and I think that this is also credit to. And I think that this is also credit to LEAP Global um we got into the Berkeley LEAP Global um we got into the Berkeley. LEAP Global um we got into the Berkeley blockchain accelerator um which as I blockchain accelerator um which as I. Blockchain accelerator um which as I said leap Global paved the way for us in said leap Global paved the way for us in. Said leap Global paved the way for us in that in that side but all the things that in that side but all the things. That in that side but all the things wouldn't have been possible without the wouldn't have been possible without the. Wouldn't have been possible without the validation of the community so the validation of the community so the. Validation of the community so the community saw we were building they community saw we were building they. Community saw we were building they appreciated us they gave us that funding appreciated us they gave us that funding. Appreciated us they gave us that funding it's giving us the ability to build and it's giving us the ability to build and. It's giving us the ability to build and then it's open doors to accelerators then it's open doors to accelerators. Then it's open doors to accelerators open networks to different investors um open networks to different investors um. Open networks to different investors um of of folks that I look at and I'm like of of folks that I look at and I'm like. Of of folks that I look at and I'm like how the heck did we get here um in such how the heck did we get here um in such. How the heck did we get here um in such short period amount of time um but it's short period amount of time um but it's. Short period amount of time um but it's a cool thing about building it's a cool a cool thing about building it's a cool. A cool thing about building it's a cool thing about this community as you thing about this community as you. Thing about this community as you mentioned there's a lot of communities mentioned there's a lot of communities. Mentioned there's a lot of communities in crypto but I think the cool thing in crypto but I think the cool thing. In crypto but I think the cool thing about staler is that it's an open about staler is that it's an open. About staler is that it's an open network it it enables inter network it it enables inter. Network it it enables inter interoperability like um beans is interoperability like um beans is. Interoperability like um beans is building something similar to what we're building something similar to what we're. Building something similar to what we're building but the cool thing is that a building but the cool thing is that a. Building but the cool thing is that a beans user can send out for pay user we beans user can send out for pay user we. Beans user can send out for pay user we can cash them out in our local country can cash them out in our local country. Can cash them out in our local country um we're we're an interoperable platform um we're we're an interoperable platform. Um we're we're an interoperable platform that really empowers entrepreneurs to that really empowers entrepreneurs to. That really empowers entrepreneurs to collaborate together and um and yeah and collaborate together and um and yeah and. Collaborate together and um and yeah and it really is most to credit to the SCF it really is most to credit to the SCF. It really is most to credit to the SCF and and and what what you and the team and and and what what you and the team. And and and what what you and the team have built through here so thank you have built through here so thank you. Have built through here so thank you well not not only me there's actually a well not not only me there's actually a. Well not not only me there's actually a a whole group of verified members uh in a whole group of verified members uh in. A whole group of verified members uh in the Stella Community Fund uh that gives the Stella Community Fund uh that gives. The Stella Community Fund uh that gives input and and really like allows for input and and really like allows for. Input and and really like allows for that feedback right so shout out to our that feedback right so shout out to our. That feedback right so shout out to our the life force of the Stell Community the life force of the Stell Community. The life force of the Stell Community Fund our verified members sorry all Fund our verified members sorry all. Fund our verified members sorry all right um but yeah no that's that's right um but yeah no that's that's. Right um but yeah no that's that's really where that comes from and yeah I really where that comes from and yeah I. Really where that comes from and yeah I mean you mentioned how the that we got mean you mentioned how the that we got. Mean you mentioned how the that we got here well I know how you got here um here well I know how you got here um. Here well I know how you got here um through through the stall Community Fund through through the stall Community Fund. Through through the stall Community Fund right and also through that you did such. Right and also through that you did such right and also through that you did such. Hard work and you actually you know did hard work and you actually you know did hard work and you actually you know did. Uh a lot of things that set you up for uh a lot of things that set you up for uh a lot of things that set you up for. Success and we're going to get that in success and we're going to get that in success and we're going to get that in. In that uh more detail later on but in that uh more detail later on but in that uh more detail later on but. First I wanted to hear a bit about uh first I wanted to hear a bit about uh first I wanted to hear a bit about uh. From from that like before we dive into from from that like before we dive into from from that like before we dive into. Kind of the advice part Nat um I know kind of the advice part Nat um I know kind of the advice part Nat um I know. That Alfred PES mentioned you on the that Alfred PES mentioned you on the that Alfred PES mentioned you on the. Accelerator part as well you started accelerator part as well you started accelerator part as well you started. With the blockchain Berkeley accelerator with the blockchain Berkeley accelerator. With the blockchain Berkeley accelerator but how did you decide to go even into but how did you decide to go even into. But how did you decide to go even into the Stellar Community Fund how did you the Stellar Community Fund how did you. The Stellar Community Fund how did you make that that uh yeah that I guess yeah make that that uh yeah that I guess yeah. Make that that uh yeah that I guess yeah switch know it's just to Echo everyone switch know it's just to Echo everyone. Switch know it's just to Echo everyone else the the community has been else the the community has been. Else the the community has been incredible just fantastic and growing incredible just fantastic and growing. Incredible just fantastic and growing every year too I think you know when we every year too I think you know when we. Every year too I think you know when we first started it was a little less well first started it was a little less well. First started it was a little less well known with investors and other community known with investors and other community. Known with investors and other community members but it's it's it's incredible members but it's it's it's incredible. Members but it's it's it's incredible now and especially allot of the work now and especially allot of the work. Now and especially allot of the work that um Sam's been doing he's been that um Sam's been doing he's been. That um Sam's been doing he's been promoting us uh so much it's been uh you promoting us uh so much it's been uh you. Promoting us uh so much it's been uh you know just unbelievable how much um he's know just unbelievable how much um he's. Know just unbelievable how much um he's he's been over backwards to help us so he's been over backwards to help us so. He's been over backwards to help us so we're very appreciative of that and you we're very appreciative of that and you. We're very appreciative of that and you know Sam's out speaking to Davos and know Sam's out speaking to Davos and. Know Sam's out speaking to Davos and like promoting the work that Stellar's like promoting the work that Stellar's. Like promoting the work that Stellar's doing globally and that's only getting doing globally and that's only getting. Doing globally and that's only getting uh getting better um so it's it's really uh getting better um so it's it's really. Uh getting better um so it's it's really been an honor to be part of this been an honor to be part of this. Been an honor to be part of this community I'd say Tori and I Tori community I'd say Tori and I Tori. Community I'd say Tori and I Tori co-founder of leaf had a great time out co-founder of leaf had a great time out. Co-founder of leaf had a great time out in Meridian in um in Mexico and I think in Meridian in um in Mexico and I think. In Meridian in um in Mexico and I think that was a really our first big that was a really our first big. That was a really our first big opportunity just to see what the opportunity just to see what the. Opportunity just to see what the community looks like and now that we're community looks like and now that we're. Community looks like and now that we're able to have more inperson events I'd able to have more inperson events I'd. Able to have more inperson events I'd highly recommend anyone uh you know to highly recommend anyone uh you know to. Highly recommend anyone uh you know to attend to attend those and a network and attend to attend those and a network and. Attend to attend those and a network and to see what's out there what's building to see what's out there what's building. To see what's out there what's building and um you know people are just and um you know people are just. And um you know people are just supportive and helpful it's it's a supportive and helpful it's it's a. Supportive and helpful it's it's a fantastic uh experience in community and fantastic uh experience in community and. Fantastic uh experience in community and so I after leaving all those so I after leaving all those. So I after leaving all those accelerators we did a lot of accelerators we did a lot of. Accelerators we did a lot of accelerators so people want advice on accelerators so people want advice on. Accelerators so people want advice on accelerators and boot camps we're happy accelerators and boot camps we're happy. Accelerators and boot camps we're happy to help but brookley was a fantastic one to help but brookley was a fantastic one. To help but brookley was a fantastic one and um a lot of them don't come with and um a lot of them don't come with. And um a lot of them don't come with funding you know that's one of the funding you know that's one of the. Funding you know that's one of the downside a lot of support you know downside a lot of support you know. Downside a lot of support you know networks we'll connect to investors but networks we'll connect to investors but. Networks we'll connect to investors but when it comes to actually putting in when it comes to actually putting in. When it comes to actually putting in capital there's very few that do that capital there's very few that do that. Capital there's very few that do that and that's what was I think and that's what was I think. And that's what was I think transformative for us with um SCF is is transformative for us with um SCF is is. Transformative for us with um SCF is is actually now leveraging some of that actually now leveraging some of that. Actually now leveraging some of that Capital to use and some of the early Capital to use and some of the early. Capital to use and some of the early stage work that investors won't um stage work that investors won't um. Stage work that investors won't um support and fund and it's it's all support and fund and it's it's all. Support and fund and it's it's all worked out for us as worked out for us as worked out for us as. Well awesome yeah no that's great to well awesome yeah no that's great to well awesome yeah no that's great to. Hear um yeah because like you need both hear um yeah because like you need both hear um yeah because like you need both. Sides right you need that support that sides right you need that support that sides right you need that support that. Support is like so important but then support is like so important but then support is like so important but then. You also need that early stage capital you also need that early stage capital you also need that early stage capital. And sometimes it's difficult to get and sometimes it's difficult to get and sometimes it's difficult to get. Because investors like you actually like because investors like you actually like. Because investors like you actually like need to to show a lot and that you've need to to show a lot and that you've. Need to to show a lot and that you've done a lot and especially for early done a lot and especially for early. Done a lot and especially for early stage like you know you got to get stage like you know you got to get. Stage like you know you got to get started and SCF is like this like you started and SCF is like this like you. Started and SCF is like this like you know Kickstart funding almost uh that no know Kickstart funding almost uh that no. Know Kickstart funding almost uh that no strings attached to don't need to pay strings attached to don't need to pay. Strings attached to don't need to pay back you don't even need to uh work on back you don't even need to uh work on. Back you don't even need to uh work on your project anymore if you don't want your project anymore if you don't want. Your project anymore if you don't want to we do encourage you and there is a to we do encourage you and there is a. To we do encourage you and there is a guilt tripping if you don't do it just guilt tripping if you don't do it just. Guilt tripping if you don't do it just kidding from from the community but kidding from from the community but. Kidding from from the community but anyway you know it's like this unique anyway you know it's like this unique. Anyway you know it's like this unique opportunity really um to to get funding opportunity really um to to get funding. Opportunity really um to to get funding and it's quite uh yeah you don't really and it's quite uh yeah you don't really. And it's quite uh yeah you don't really see that very often even in the see that very often even in the. See that very often even in the blockchain ecosystem so well great it blockchain ecosystem so well great it. Blockchain ecosystem so well great it just great also to hear from your just great also to hear from your. Just great also to hear from your experiences and now in the last like experiences and now in the last like. Experiences and now in the last like half an hour or so I really want to uh half an hour or so I really want to uh. Half an hour or so I really want to uh uh like well the actually the audience uh like well the actually the audience. Uh like well the actually the audience really wants to know how they can really wants to know how they can. Really wants to know how they can improve their submission as they're improve their submission as they're. Improve their submission as they're writing them right now uh for scf1 and writing them right now uh for scf1 and. Writing them right now uh for scf1 and this is very important and so you've this is very important and so you've. This is very important and so you've been through the process you have worked been through the process you have worked. Been through the process you have worked so much on your on your startup and and so much on your on your startup and and. So much on your on your startup and and your company right and I really want to your company right and I really want to. Your company right and I really want to know now how you set yourself up for know now how you set yourself up for. Know now how you set yourself up for success in the SCF so success in the SCF so success in the SCF so. Um let's dive uh let's dive into to that um let's dive uh let's dive into to that. Um let's dive uh let's dive into to that right right right um we start with here I also have some. Um we start with here I also have some um we start with here I also have some audience questions and uh we can we can. Audience questions and uh we can we can audience questions and uh we can we can kind of a free flowing discussion here. Kind of a free flowing discussion here kind of a free flowing discussion here um but I think like a lot of questions. Um but I think like a lot of questions um but I think like a lot of questions here actually go uh about uh the. Here actually go uh about uh the here actually go uh about uh the community engagement um here from Carlos. Community engagement um here from Carlos community engagement um here from Carlos. There's a question how to best engage there's a question how to best engage there's a question how to best engage. With voting members of the community so with voting members of the community so with voting members of the community so. Who wants to start who wants to start who wants to start um yeah I get that question a lot um you. Um yeah I get that question a lot um you um yeah I get that question a lot um you. Know I I think that ultimately um you know I I think that ultimately um you know I I think that ultimately um you. Know ultimately I I I feel that where know ultimately I I I feel that where know ultimately I I I feel that where. People um let's say make the biggest people um let's say make the biggest people um let's say make the biggest. Mistake is that you know well number one mistake is that you know well number one. Mistake is that you know well number one find something that you're passionate find something that you're passionate. Find something that you're passionate about right I think sometimes people about right I think sometimes people. About right I think sometimes people find you know business you know they find you know business you know they. Find you know business you know they they kind of look at the SCF as like as they kind of look at the SCF as like as. They kind of look at the SCF as like as strictly from look I can create a job or strictly from look I can create a job or. Strictly from look I can create a job or money the money side of it right and I money the money side of it right and I. Money the money side of it right and I just think that's the wrong way of just think that's the wrong way of. Just think that's the wrong way of looking at it because you know to really looking at it because you know to really. Looking at it because you know to really engage in the community you have to be engage in the community you have to be. Engage in the community you have to be in the community you know there's you in the community you know there's you. In the community you know there's you know right now in Stellar Global there know right now in Stellar Global there. Know right now in Stellar Global there it's a different time zone for for it's a different time zone for for. It's a different time zone for for somebody different right you know so somebody different right you know so. Somebody different right you know so it's like you know it might be 4:00 am it's like you know it might be 4:00 am. It's like you know it might be 4:00 am to you but it's 1 pm to somebody else to you but it's 1 pm to somebody else. To you but it's 1 pm to somebody else and etc etc and so you really got to be and etc etc and so you really got to be. And etc etc and so you really got to be engaged in the community the only way engaged in the community the only way. Engaged in the community the only way you can be engaged in community is if a you can be engaged in community is if a. You can be engaged in community is if a you're passionate about what you're you're passionate about what you're. You're passionate about what you're trying to build trying to build trying to build. And to be passionate about something you and to be passionate about something you. And to be passionate about something you have to really believe that you're have to really believe that you're. Have to really believe that you're solving a problem um you know you know solving a problem um you know you know. Solving a problem um you know you know like I could I can look at at everybody like I could I can look at at everybody. Like I could I can look at at everybody here and can tell you that they've all here and can tell you that they've all. Here and can tell you that they've all been like actively involved in a wide been like actively involved in a wide. Been like actively involved in a wide range of conversations you know um we range of conversations you know um we. Range of conversations you know um we talked about liment you know Fred is talked about liment you know Fred is. Talked about liment you know Fred is yeah he has liment but then he's yeah he has liment but then he's. Yeah he has liment but then he's passionate about you know okay like how passionate about you know okay like how. Passionate about you know okay like how is the code being built out you know you is the code being built out you know you. Is the code being built out you know you know what's you know what's the know what's you know what's the. Know what's you know what's the structure are is the community are these structure are is the community are these. Structure are is the community are these businesses you know adhering to the businesses you know adhering to the. Businesses you know adhering to the centralization and some of the core centralization and some of the core. Centralization and some of the core components of the community so you have components of the community so you have. Components of the community so you have to be you know really passionately and to be you know really passionately and. To be you know really passionately and actively involved and when you're actively involved and when you're. Actively involved and when you're involved in all these conversations and involved in all these conversations and. Involved in all these conversations and you know people are going to find you you know people are going to find you. You know people are going to find you people are gonna know who you are people are gonna know who you are. People are gonna know who you are they'll get to they'll get comfortable they'll get to they'll get comfortable. They'll get to they'll get comfortable with you um and so that way when you do with you um and so that way when you do. With you um and so that way when you do have an SCF entrance it's like okay I have an SCF entrance it's like okay I. Have an SCF entrance it's like okay I know what you're doing I understand you know what you're doing I understand you. Know what you're doing I understand you you're actually trying to solve a you're actually trying to solve a. You're actually trying to solve a problem um problem um problem um now you can start building up that. Now you can start building up that now you can start building up that engagement so um you know that's my. Engagement so um you know that's my engagement so um you know that's my long-winded answer for. That yeah I also I that yeah I also I also I wanted to add to that um I would also I wanted to add to that um I would. Also I wanted to add to that um I would my advice would be to reach out early um my advice would be to reach out early um. My advice would be to reach out early um simply because once the Community Fund simply because once the Community Fund. Simply because once the Community Fund is going on um let's say for the for the is going on um let's say for the for the. Is going on um let's say for the for the 40 days that it's going on uh people are. 40 days that it's going on uh people are 40 days that it's going on uh people are. Reaching out to the to the verified reaching out to the to the verified reaching out to the to the verified. Members consistently and some of it may members consistently and some of it may members consistently and some of it may. Feel like spam I guess um just to kind feel like spam I guess um just to kind feel like spam I guess um just to kind. Of say it bluntly um but if you're if of say it bluntly um but if you're if of say it bluntly um but if you're if. You're reaching out early and and to to you're reaching out early and and to to you're reaching out early and and to to. To different members at the end of the to different members at the end of the to different members at the end of the. Day it means that you know you're day it means that you know you're day it means that you know you're. Interested in communicating you're interested in communicating you're interested in communicating you're. Interested in connecting with with these interested in connecting with with these. Interested in connecting with with these folks and the truth of the matter is folks and the truth of the matter is. Folks and the truth of the matter is that we've all been in the shoes and at that we've all been in the shoes and at. That we've all been in the shoes and at least I can say it for myself where least I can say it for myself where. Least I can say it for myself where somebody reached out to me and gave me a somebody reached out to me and gave me a. Somebody reached out to me and gave me a a helping hand like um and as I a helping hand like um and as I. A helping hand like um and as I mentioned Sam has been a great example mentioned Sam has been a great example. Mentioned Sam has been a great example of that like of that like of that like we need the community at the end of the. We need the community at the end of the we need the community at the end of the day to believe in our projects and and. Day to believe in our projects and and day to believe in our projects and and we're excited about what people are. We're excited about what people are we're excited about what people are building because the stronger that the. Building because the stronger that the building because the stronger that the Stellar network is the stronger that our. Stellar network is the stronger that our Stellar network is the stronger that our. Projects are um but my advice would be projects are um but my advice would be projects are um but my advice would be. To reach out early um to to some of the to reach out early um to to some of the to reach out early um to to some of the. Verified members if you see projects verified members if you see projects verified members if you see projects. That you know correlate with some things that you know correlate with some things. That you know correlate with some things that you're doing reach out ask advice that you're doing reach out ask advice. That you're doing reach out ask advice um and and yeah but I would I would I um and and yeah but I would I would I. Um and and yeah but I would I would I think that the best strategy would be to think that the best strategy would be to. Think that the best strategy would be to reach out sooner rather than later reach out sooner rather than later. Reach out sooner rather than later because once the Community Fund is going because once the Community Fund is going. Because once the Community Fund is going on uh most of us are going through the on uh most of us are going through the. On uh most of us are going through the the projects themselves reading them one the projects themselves reading them one. The projects themselves reading them one by one it's there's there's a good by one it's there's there's a good. By one it's there's there's a good amount of projects um and that might not amount of projects um and that might not. Amount of projects um and that might not be the greatest time to connect um so yeah yeah just to Echo what um Diego. Yeah yeah just to Echo what um Diego said I think you you definitely will get said I think you you definitely will get. Said I think you you definitely will get what you put into it so you know if you what you put into it so you know if you. What you put into it so you know if you don't engage at all um it will reflect don't engage at all um it will reflect. Don't engage at all um it will reflect um and if you leave it too late like um and if you leave it too late like. Um and if you leave it too late like he's saying um then you know you're not he's saying um then you know you're not. He's saying um then you know you're not going to get the sort of engagement that going to get the sort of engagement that. Going to get the sort of engagement that you're looking for so engage sooner um you're looking for so engage sooner um. You're looking for so engage sooner um and for me I think there are some people and for me I think there are some people. And for me I think there are some people who stand out um when it comes to who stand out um when it comes to. Who stand out um when it comes to engagement right and even if you can engagement right and even if you can. Engagement right and even if you can just you know um connect with those the just you know um connect with those the. Just you know um connect with those the people that stand out right who either people that stand out right who either. People that stand out right who either give you feedback or you see them give you feedback or you see them. Give you feedback or you see them responding a lot to different people you responding a lot to different people you. Responding a lot to different people you know I I I call those people the know I I I call those people the. Know I I I call those people the champions of the of the of the of the champions of the of the of the of the. Champions of the of the of the of the community right because they're they're community right because they're they're. Community right because they're they're very engaged um and so even if you can very engaged um and so even if you can. Very engaged um and so even if you can either follow them or ask them questions either follow them or ask them questions. Either follow them or ask them questions um they to get a lot of reads as well so. Um they to get a lot of reads as well so um they to get a lot of reads as well so. I think you know having a strategy I think you know having a strategy I think you know having a strategy. Around that as well is also very important yeah so I'm hearing here like important yeah so I'm hearing here like. Definitely like engage early and engage definitely like engage early and engage definitely like engage early and engage. In in multiple conversations like uh you in in multiple conversations like uh you. In in multiple conversations like uh you know like don't like it's not only like know like don't like it's not only like. Know like don't like it's not only like Well if you really want to maximize your Well if you really want to maximize your. Well if you really want to maximize your chances I think what Sam also mentions chances I think what Sam also mentions. Chances I think what Sam also mentions like go in the actual like go in Stellar like go in the actual like go in Stellar. Like go in the actual like go in Stellar developers Discord go in Stellar Global developers Discord go in Stellar Global. Developers Discord go in Stellar Global like participate in some of the overall like participate in some of the overall. Like participate in some of the overall like Stellar discussions too if that like Stellar discussions too if that. Like Stellar discussions too if that like is relevant for your issue like I like is relevant for your issue like I. Like is relevant for your issue like I mean in Fred's case I know that he's mean in Fred's case I know that he's. Mean in Fred's case I know that he's been activate active um for nfts and been activate active um for nfts and. Been activate active um for nfts and Stellar like so much he's in all these Stellar like so much he's in all these. Stellar like so much he's in all these conversations right and so I think conversations right and so I think. Conversations right and so I think that's really exciting like you really that's really exciting like you really. That's really exciting like you really get involved with the community and and get involved with the community and and. Get involved with the community and and and work on a problem that you're really and work on a problem that you're really. And work on a problem that you're really passionate about um further on like uh passionate about um further on like uh. Passionate about um further on like uh on community engagement um vouter I know on community engagement um vouter I know. On community engagement um vouter I know that this is another question think that. That this is another question think that that this is another question think that. Came up somewhere but I believe um came up somewhere but I believe um came up somewhere but I believe um. You've been also really active on social you've been also really active on social. You've been also really active on social media and I think that's one of the media and I think that's one of the. Media and I think that's one of the other things like not only like the other things like not only like the. Other things like not only like the Discord right um like all over so yeah I Discord right um like all over so yeah I. Discord right um like all over so yeah I would love to hear a bit more about would love to hear a bit more about. Would love to hear a bit more about that yeah that's that's more that yeah that's that's more. That yeah that's that's more my many years long enthusiasm about my many years long enthusiasm about. My many years long enthusiasm about stellar and its potential to change stellar and its potential to change. Stellar and its potential to change people's lives people's lives people's lives basically um so and that that gives you. Basically um so and that that gives you basically um so and that that gives you a lot of people um that are enthusiastic. A lot of people um that are enthusiastic a lot of people um that are enthusiastic. About the same thing right and maybe to about the same thing right and maybe to about the same thing right and maybe to. Add to the the last one is what is add to the the last one is what is add to the the last one is what is. Engagement maybe that was what I was engagement maybe that was what I was engagement maybe that was what I was. Thinking is I don't think engagement is thinking is I don't think engagement is thinking is I don't think engagement is. Like telling what you're building and like telling what you're building and like telling what you're building and. Then getting some response I think you then getting some response I think you then getting some response I think you. You can you're in a super early phase so you can you're in a super early phase so. You can you're in a super early phase so it's very interesting also to cut it in it's very interesting also to cut it in. It's very interesting also to cut it in small pieces and get feedback from small pieces and get feedback from. Small pieces and get feedback from people on specific parts so that the people on specific parts so that the. People on specific parts so that the answer isn't very complex and also answer isn't very complex and also. Answer isn't very complex and also you're not really like trying to you're not really like trying to. You're not really like trying to convince something someone that you're convince something someone that you're. Convince something someone that you're building something cool but just getting building something cool but just getting. Building something cool but just getting feedback which is already feedback which is already. Feedback which is already valuable um and you can do that on valuable um and you can do that on. Valuable um and you can do that on social media as well I think that that's social media as well I think that that's. Social media as well I think that that's also a great way to get a lot of also a great way to get a lot of. Also a great way to get a lot of feedback basically like what is the feedback basically like what is the. Feedback basically like what is the engagement of the things you're building engagement of the things you're building. Engagement of the things you're building and are people excited about what you're. And are people excited about what you're and are people excited about what you're. Showing them so I think it's a great way showing them so I think it's a great way. Showing them so I think it's a great way to connect with people yeah I like that aspect a lot not. People yeah I like that aspect a lot not just like hey you don't need to just like hey you don't need to. Just like hey you don't need to convinced that your product is the convinced that your product is the. Convinced that your product is the greatest uh of all time you can actually greatest uh of all time you can actually. Greatest uh of all time you can actually um listen right listen more and listen um listen right listen more and listen. Um listen right listen more and listen to their feedback and show also like I to their feedback and show also like I. To their feedback and show also like I mean obviously like it has to be mean obviously like it has to be. Mean obviously like it has to be constructive feedback right in the constructive feedback right in the. Constructive feedback right in the communities it can can go all over the communities it can can go all over the. Communities it can can go all over the place but if it's constructive listen place but if it's constructive listen. Place but if it's constructive listen and Implement and follow up I think and Implement and follow up I think. And Implement and follow up I think that's really important and then um that's really important and then um. That's really important and then um community members like uh you have a you community members like uh you have a you. Community members like uh you have a you build your track record with them that's. Build your track record with them that's build your track record with them that's. Very important um yeah I wanted to add very important um yeah I wanted to add very important um yeah I wanted to add. Um kind of on to what Walter just said um kind of on to what Walter just said um kind of on to what Walter just said. And bring back up Fred as well is you and bring back up Fred as well is you and bring back up Fred as well is you. Know Fred you know he he was I think know Fred you know he he was I think know Fred you know he he was I think. Disqualified from the first his first disqualified from the first his first disqualified from the first his first. Entrance into the SCF and then when I entrance into the SCF and then when I entrance into the SCF and then when I. Think his his first time going through think his his first time going through think his his first time going through. After that I want to say he lost the SCF after that I want to say he lost the SCF. After that I want to say he lost the SCF before finally winning um and so this is. Before finally winning um and so this is before finally winning um and so this is. Somebody who was obviously been really somebody who was obviously been really somebody who was obviously been really. Involved but you know the key is being involved but you know the key is being involved but you know the key is being. Humble right is the fact that you know humble right is the fact that you know humble right is the fact that you know. He was humble he kept on he's he going he was humble he kept on he's he going he was humble he kept on he's he going. Back to what was mentioned earlier he back to what was mentioned earlier he back to what was mentioned earlier he. Took feedback um came back and took feedback um came back and took feedback um came back and. Reiterated okay let me try to explain it reiterated okay let me try to explain it. Reiterated okay let me try to explain it in this this way Walter somebody else in this this way Walter somebody else. In this this way Walter somebody else who's been highly involved in the who's been highly involved in the. Who's been highly involved in the community um you know back in the day he community um you know back in the day he. Community um you know back in the day he had like the Stellar torch and uh was had like the Stellar torch and uh was. Had like the Stellar torch and uh was really influential in the early days as really influential in the early days as. Really influential in the early days as far as helping to build up the whole far as helping to build up the whole. Far as helping to build up the whole aspect of community but you know shout aspect of community but you know shout. Aspect of community but you know shout out to him when he was starting off his out to him when he was starting off his. Out to him when he was starting off his project he didn't come in with an project he didn't come in with an. Project he didn't come in with an arrogance of like hey this is the best arrogance of like hey this is the best. Arrogance of like hey this is the best product there is he came back exactly product there is he came back exactly. Product there is he came back exactly exact how we saying it he was giving he exact how we saying it he was giving he. Exact how we saying it he was giving he was asking for a lot of feedback you was asking for a lot of feedback you. Was asking for a lot of feedback you know here's a screenshot what do you know here's a screenshot what do you. Know here's a screenshot what do you think of this so it was this active think of this so it was this active. Think of this so it was this active engagement from somebody who's you know engagement from somebody who's you know. Engagement from somebody who's you know I would say understands the network very I would say understands the network very. I would say understands the network very well has a long history within the well has a long history within the. Well has a long history within the community um but he still came out and community um but he still came out and. Community um but he still came out and did the work and that goes a long way did the work and that goes a long way. Did the work and that goes a long way and so um so yeah just want to reiterate and so um so yeah just want to reiterate. And so um so yeah just want to reiterate the importance of just being humble and the importance of just being humble and. The importance of just being humble and and really engaging and getting feedback and really engaging and getting feedback. And really engaging and getting feedback from people and being genuine about it yeah yeah I think I think that's that's. Yeah yeah I think I think that's that's really like how how you really built really like how how you really built. Really like how how you really built that track record I think I think it's that track record I think I think it's. That track record I think I think it's not just a one One Stop Shop right it's not just a one One Stop Shop right it's. Not just a one One Stop Shop right it's it's really like you can actually also it's really like you can actually also. It's really like you can actually also submit multiple times to the SCF like submit multiple times to the SCF like. Submit multiple times to the SCF like you can start with a small budget and you can start with a small budget and. You can start with a small budget and kind of get your foot in the door um ask kind of get your foot in the door um ask. Kind of get your foot in the door um ask for lots of feedback even if your for lots of feedback even if your. For lots of feedback even if your project is not quite finished yet and project is not quite finished yet and. Project is not quite finished yet and then next time you can ask for more and then next time you can ask for more and. Then next time you can ask for more and kind of like show that you've kind of like show that you've. Kind of like show that you've implemented the feedback so yeah implemented the feedback so yeah. Implemented the feedback so yeah especially with with Fred like especially with with Fred like. Especially with with Fred like enlightment like it's it's it's quite enlightment like it's it's it's quite. Enlightment like it's it's it's quite interesting to see like that that like interesting to see like that that like. Interesting to see like that that like the many times like they submitted the many times like they submitted. The many times like they submitted didn't win but submitted again anyway didn't win but submitted again anyway. Didn't win but submitted again anyway right um and not only does that show uh right um and not only does that show uh. Right um and not only does that show uh a track record for the community it also a track record for the community it also. A track record for the community it also shows it for like you know SDF whenever shows it for like you know SDF whenever. Shows it for like you know SDF whenever we have grants right oh this Pro this we have grants right oh this Pro this. We have grants right oh this Pro this project really wants to be part of the project really wants to be part of the. Project really wants to be part of the sell ecosystem like they it's like a sell ecosystem like they it's like a. Sell ecosystem like they it's like a qualifier almost so definitely I think qualifier almost so definitely I think. Qualifier almost so definitely I think that that is really great uh to just that that is really great uh to just. That that is really great uh to just keep going ask for feedback and stay keep going ask for feedback and stay. Keep going ask for feedback and stay humble great advice Nat I see that you humble great advice Nat I see that you. Humble great advice Nat I see that you have your mic unmuted I wanted to hear a have your mic unmuted I wanted to hear a. Have your mic unmuted I wanted to hear a bit more from you about what your advice. Bit more from you about what your advice bit more from you about what your advice. Is to just quickly no I think it's all is to just quickly no I think it's all is to just quickly no I think it's all. Been said well and um yeah I think been said well and um yeah I think been said well and um yeah I think. There's no matter what you're building there's no matter what you're building there's no matter what you're building. Somebody's already uh you know done somebody's already uh you know done somebody's already uh you know done. Something similar or solved a lot of something similar or solved a lot of something similar or solved a lot of. Your problems and I think we found a lot your problems and I think we found a lot. Your problems and I think we found a lot of um support and and resources of um support and and resources. Of um support and and resources certainly for the wallet business certainly for the wallet business. Certainly for the wallet business there's a lot of those um instellar so there's a lot of those um instellar so. There's a lot of those um instellar so if it's groups like lobster or one if it's groups like lobster or one. If it's groups like lobster or one called rehive in South Africa that we called rehive in South Africa that we. Called rehive in South Africa that we were able to connect with early on um to were able to connect with early on um to. Were able to connect with early on um to get advice and also to to share back you. Get advice and also to to share back you get advice and also to to share back you. Know I think we were one of the few that know I think we were one of the few that. Know I think we were one of the few that had Incorporated ussd technology and and. Had Incorporated ussd technology and and had Incorporated ussd technology and and. We're able to kind of share sort of best we're able to kind of share sort of best. We're able to kind of share sort of best practices what's worked and what hasn't practices what's worked and what hasn't. Practices what's worked and what hasn't or if there's other um on andof ramps or if there's other um on andof ramps. Or if there's other um on andof ramps that we've had more success with um I that we've had more success with um I. That we've had more success with um I think there's you know plenty to to give think there's you know plenty to to give. Think there's you know plenty to to give back to but um I also feel like this is back to but um I also feel like this is. Back to but um I also feel like this is maybe an area that we could have done maybe an area that we could have done. Maybe an area that we could have done more with I think the challenge that we more with I think the challenge that we. More with I think the challenge that we had with our wallet is not a lot of our had with our wallet is not a lot of our. Had with our wallet is not a lot of our users um are um you know online on the users um are um you know online on the. Users um are um you know online on the internet so it was tough to get least internet so it was tough to get least. Internet so it was tough to get least you know feedback from anyone within the you know feedback from anyone within the. You know feedback from anyone within the the Stellar Community about our our the Stellar Community about our our. The Stellar Community about our our wallet because they couldn't download wallet because they couldn't download. Wallet because they couldn't download and and use it and I think that hurt us and and use it and I think that hurt us. And and use it and I think that hurt us a little bit compared to some others a little bit compared to some others. A little bit compared to some others that could say look this is the feedback that could say look this is the feedback. That could say look this is the feedback this is how we've engaged the community this is how we've engaged the community. This is how we've engaged the community this is some of the things that we've this is some of the things that we've. This is some of the things that we've Incorporated so um I definitely think we Incorporated so um I definitely think we. Incorporated so um I definitely think we could have done a better job earlier on could have done a better job earlier on. Could have done a better job earlier on re-engaging with the the community so re-engaging with the the community so. Re-engaging with the the community so we've gotten so much support since then we've gotten so much support since then. We've gotten so much support since then but uh yeah I was definitely one I think but uh yeah I was definitely one I think. But uh yeah I was definitely one I think could have strengthened our could have strengthened our. Could have strengthened our application yeah I guess that's also application yeah I guess that's also. Application yeah I guess that's also like um points out that there so such a like um points out that there so such a. Like um points out that there so such a wide variety in project and yeah wide variety in project and yeah. Wide variety in project and yeah sometimes like maybe like beans for sometimes like maybe like beans for. Sometimes like maybe like beans for example you're having like you know you example you're having like you know you. Example you're having like you know you can really find your users in the can really find your users in the. Can really find your users in the community but in other cases like your community but in other cases like your. Community but in other cases like your value uh like feed feedback is going to value uh like feed feedback is going to. Value uh like feed feedback is going to be a bit different so yeah I mean and be a bit different so yeah I mean and. Be a bit different so yeah I mean and and as that you were also talking a bit and as that you were also talking a bit. And as that you were also talking a bit about you know that user validation and about you know that user validation and. About you know that user validation and and you've been working on uh Leaf and you've been working on uh Leaf. And you've been working on uh Leaf Global for a while um what is some other Global for a while um what is some other. Global for a while um what is some other advice that that you would give to like advice that that you would give to like. Advice that that you would give to like new submitters to put in their new submitters to put in their. New submitters to put in their submission sure and this is I think submission sure and this is I think. Submission sure and this is I think something that helps set us apart a something that helps set us apart a. Something that helps set us apart a little bit and also with fundraising uh little bit and also with fundraising uh. Little bit and also with fundraising uh too is just going from that idea to like too is just going from that idea to like. Too is just going from that idea to like a handful of uh you know test users or a handful of uh you know test users or. A handful of uh you know test users or just something real theoretical to just something real theoretical to. Just something real theoretical to actually like moving money and and actually like moving money and and. Actually like moving money and and getting real live users and processing getting real live users and processing. Getting real live users and processing transactions I think that is a huge transactions I think that is a huge. Transactions I think that is a huge hurdle uh to do and it's tough to get hurdle uh to do and it's tough to get. Hurdle uh to do and it's tough to get the you know regulation the licensing the you know regulation the licensing. The you know regulation the licensing the partners being able to move funds the partners being able to move funds. The partners being able to move funds getting kyc right like there's a ton getting kyc right like there's a ton. Getting kyc right like there's a ton involved there going from zero to one um involved there going from zero to one um. Involved there going from zero to one um is is a big heavy lift I think that it is is a big heavy lift I think that it. Is is a big heavy lift I think that it might just been timing that we were might just been timing that we were. Might just been timing that we were lucky with that with um with our lucky with that with um with our. Lucky with that with um with our applications that we finally got over applications that we finally got over. Applications that we finally got over some of those hurdles after like five or some of those hurdles after like five or. Some of those hurdles after like five or six false starts and you know get things. Six false starts and you know get things six false starts and you know get things. Going and then it would shut down and going and then it would shut down and going and then it would shut down and. Then another partner would get shut down then another partner would get shut down. Then another partner would get shut down starting with another so just the starting with another so just the. Starting with another so just the startup life um but I think that is startup life um but I think that is. Startup life um but I think that is really key to be able to articulate that really key to be able to articulate that. Really key to be able to articulate that I feel like that really helped us a bit I feel like that really helped us a bit. I feel like that really helped us a bit is like this is more than an idea we've is like this is more than an idea we've. Is like this is more than an idea we've got you know at the time I think five or got you know at the time I think five or. Got you know at the time I think five or 6 thousand customers that were 6 thousand customers that were. 6 thousand customers that were processing you know 100,000 plus processing you know 100,000 plus. Processing you know 100,000 plus transactions like we actually had good transactions like we actually had good. Transactions like we actually had good data on the flow and you could see it data on the flow and you could see it. Data on the flow and you could see it all was all all on the the Sellar all was all all on the the Sellar. All was all all on the the Sellar Explorer so like that was fun to be able Explorer so like that was fun to be able. Explorer so like that was fun to be able to then show is like we're actually to then show is like we're actually. To then show is like we're actually opening accounts for people people are opening accounts for people people are. Opening accounts for people people are using it this is how the the flows are using it this is how the the flows are. Using it this is how the the flows are and so trying to get to that step as and so trying to get to that step as. And so trying to get to that step as early as you can um I think early as you can um I think. Early as you can um I think helps yes user validation numbers data helps yes user validation numbers data. Helps yes user validation numbers data like uh show show data to convince like like uh show show data to convince like. Like uh show show data to convince like you don't like U you can prove that your you don't like U you can prove that your. You don't like U you can prove that your product works right especially on I mean. Product works right especially on I mean product works right especially on I mean. Stellar right I mean yeah you can see it Stellar right I mean yeah you can see it. Stellar right I mean yeah you can see it on Stellar expert like it's all recorded. On Stellar expert like it's all recorded on Stellar expert like it's all recorded. You can't even fake it right so I think you can't even fake it right so I think you can't even fake it right so I think. That's really exciting uh so I think that's really exciting uh so I think that's really exciting uh so I think. That's a really great lesson for people that's a really great lesson for people that's a really great lesson for people. It's like you know do your homework uh it's like you know do your homework uh it's like you know do your homework uh. Get user validation early like show what get user validation early like show what. Get user validation early like show what you've done like prove your track record. You've done like prove your track record you've done like prove your track record. I think uh even if it's as you know I think uh even if it's as you know I think uh even if it's as you know. Little um as just a few people like if a little um as just a few people like if a. Little um as just a few people like if a few people really like your project and few people really like your project and. Few people really like your project and and you know you're in early stage and you know you're in early stage. And you know you're in early stage there's a big chance that a lot of there's a big chance that a lot of. There's a big chance that a lot of people will right so yeah um let's let's people will right so yeah um let's let's. People will right so yeah um let's let's see um who who has anything to add to see um who who has anything to add to. See um who who has anything to add to that like numbers and how did you get to that like numbers and how did you get to. That like numbers and how did you get to those numbers like what are some like those numbers like what are some like. Those numbers like what are some like advice that you would give anyone here advice that you would give anyone here. Advice that you would give anyone here feel free to chip in you see some people in you see some people. Unmuting I I'll I'll add to that because unmuting I I'll I'll add to that because. Unmuting I I'll I'll add to that because I think that that's something that we've. I think that that's something that we've I think that that's something that we've. Actually been been dealing with recently actually been been dealing with recently. Actually been been dealing with recently and I love that point of getting from and I love that point of getting from. And I love that point of getting from zero to one um one of the best advice zero to one um one of the best advice. Zero to one um one of the best advice that we got recently was that when your that we got recently was that when your. That we got recently was that when your product launches it should suck um and product launches it should suck um and. Product launches it should suck um and that's okay because part of it is is that's okay because part of it is is. That's okay because part of it is is understanding what's not working what is understanding what's not working what is. Understanding what's not working what is working and so on so one of our biggest working and so on so one of our biggest. Working and so on so one of our biggest um priorities as of late has been um priorities as of late has been. Um priorities as of late has been exiting beta um and getting the product exiting beta um and getting the product. Exiting beta um and getting the product in the hands of people to see what's in the hands of people to see what's. In the hands of people to see what's actually working what's not working what actually working what's not working what. Actually working what's not working what users like what they don't like and users like what they don't like and. Users like what they don't like and someone like me who's like someone like me who's like. Someone like me who's like details of like every like no this has details of like every like no this has. Details of like every like no this has to be like two fonts smaller and it has to be like two fonts smaller and it has. To be like two fonts smaller and it has to be in this corner instead of this one to be in this corner instead of this one. To be in this corner instead of this one like it it has brought some like like it it has brought some like. Like it it has brought some like Perfection paralysis I guess to to what Perfection paralysis I guess to to what. Perfection paralysis I guess to to what we've been so focused and excited on we've been so focused and excited on. We've been so focused and excited on building um but I'm just so excited to building um but I'm just so excited to. Building um but I'm just so excited to get this in the hands of people um like get this in the hands of people um like. Get this in the hands of people um like we recently launched our anchor in our we recently launched our anchor in our. We recently launched our anchor in our in our exiting beta October 1st and if I in our exiting beta October 1st and if I. In our exiting beta October 1st and if I wouldn't have gotten that advice which wouldn't have gotten that advice which. Wouldn't have gotten that advice which is exactly what Nat is is pointing at we is exactly what Nat is is pointing at we. Is exactly what Nat is is pointing at we we would probably still be so paralyzed we would probably still be so paralyzed. We would probably still be so paralyzed in in the process of getting everything in in the process of getting everything. In in the process of getting everything right and it's understanding that your right and it's understanding that your. Right and it's understanding that your product is never going to be perfect in product is never going to be perfect in. Product is never going to be perfect in this stage and that's why we're here you this stage and that's why we're here you. This stage and that's why we're here you know that there's no better Community to. Know that there's no better Community to know that there's no better Community to. Rely on feedback than than this rely on feedback than than this rely on feedback than than this. Community so I just wanted to add those community so I just wanted to add those community so I just wanted to add those. Points to points to points to that yes so you're hearing your project that yes so you're hearing your project. That yes so you're hearing your project should suck if you're submitted to the should suck if you're submitted to the. Should suck if you're submitted to the SCF no but I mean that that's obviously SCF no but I mean that that's obviously. SCF no but I mean that that's obviously I think that's a that's a really great I think that's a that's a really great. I think that's a that's a really great piece of feedback and that's what I've piece of feedback and that's what I've. Piece of feedback and that's what I've been hearing too like it doesn't need to been hearing too like it doesn't need to. Been hearing too like it doesn't need to be perfect the first time your MVP be perfect the first time your MVP. Be perfect the first time your MVP should be like super like simple super should be like super like simple super. Should be like super like simple super like basic doesn't need to be perfect like basic doesn't need to be perfect. Like basic doesn't need to be perfect don't over engineer and just get it in don't over engineer and just get it in. Don't over engineer and just get it in front of people I think that's great uh front of people I think that's great uh. Front of people I think that's great uh great great great advice um let me see we have a anyone. Advice um let me see we have a anyone advice um let me see we have a anyone wants to add to that before we go into. Wants to add to that before we go into wants to add to that before we go into next. Section right right no so the project section right right no so the project isak very good advice I love that uh but. Isak very good advice I love that uh but isak very good advice I love that uh but. Obviously we're here to make it better obviously we're here to make it better obviously we're here to make it better. Like and and it's always going to be re like and and it's always going to be re like and and it's always going to be re. Like iterative and you can even work as like iterative and you can even work as like iterative and you can even work as. As was mentioned here uh partner with as was mentioned here uh partner with as was mentioned here uh partner with. Companies like make it better like companies like make it better like companies like make it better like. There's new opportunities if you just there's new opportunities if you just there's new opportunities if you just. Get it out in front of people um we have get it out in front of people um we have. Get it out in front of people um we have a question here from John uh Woodard and. A question here from John uh Woodard and a question here from John uh Woodard and. This goes a bit more into the demos and this goes a bit more into the demos and this goes a bit more into the demos and. Kind of like graphics and whatnot so kind of like graphics and whatnot so kind of like graphics and whatnot so. What sort of like demos are expected and what sort of like demos are expected and. What sort of like demos are expected and and what are the what are um some advice. And what are the what are um some advice and what are the what are um some advice. That uh some of the panelists would give that uh some of the panelists would give. That uh some of the panelists would give around this um I mean oh go ahead go ahead Walter. Um I mean oh go ahead go ahead Walter yeah what what I would say is that I yeah what what I would say is that I. Yeah what what I would say is that I don't know if there's any don't know if there's any. Don't know if there's any expectances um it depends on what you're expectances um it depends on what you're. Expectances um it depends on what you're building but what I would say is that be. Building but what I would say is that be building but what I would say is that be. Careful to look at design no matter what careful to look at design no matter what. Careful to look at design no matter what you do uh if it's not your presentation you do uh if it's not your presentation. You do uh if it's not your presentation or if you're building a consumer facing or if you're building a consumer facing. Or if you're building a consumer facing product at least take a look at your product at least take a look at your. Product at least take a look at your design if you don't have a designer in design if you don't have a designer in. Design if you don't have a designer in your team find find someone that can your team find find someone that can. Your team find find someone that can help you even if you do it uh through I help you even if you do it uh through I. Help you even if you do it uh through I don't know Fiverr or something make sure don't know Fiverr or something make sure. Don't know Fiverr or something make sure that it stands out it looks good but that it stands out it looks good but. That it stands out it looks good but also use it to to structure what you're also use it to to structure what you're. Also use it to to structure what you're building because if you go through building because if you go through. Building because if you go through design process you will run into design process you will run into. Design process you will run into challenges it will improve your product challenges it will improve your product. Challenges it will improve your product but it will also make make it easier to but it will also make make it easier to. But it will also make make it easier to explain to people why what you're explain to people why what you're. Explain to people why what you're building is unique so I would say uh uh building is unique so I would say uh uh. Building is unique so I would say uh uh no matter what you do and what you show no matter what you do and what you show. No matter what you do and what you show be careful to to take a look at design be careful to to take a look at design. Be careful to to take a look at design as well make look good yeah making it look good is very. Good yeah making it look good is very important I think like um a lot of important I think like um a lot of. Important I think like um a lot of people like like including me like we people like like including me like we. People like like including me like we like verifi members read a lot of like verifi members read a lot of. Like verifi members read a lot of submissions and uh it's nice to actually submissions and uh it's nice to actually. Submissions and uh it's nice to actually see some some visual assets um and I I see some some visual assets um and I I. See some some visual assets um and I I know beans you did that really well know beans you did that really well. Know beans you did that really well beans actually had a really great demo beans actually had a really great demo. Beans actually had a really great demo unfortunately my Discord recording unfortunately my Discord recording. Unfortunately my Discord recording skills weren't as good so I cannot uh I skills weren't as good so I cannot uh I. Skills weren't as good so I cannot uh I cannot reproduce but definitely uh the cannot reproduce but definitely uh the. Cannot reproduce but definitely uh the next candidate pitches we we should be next candidate pitches we we should be. Next candidate pitches we we should be all set on that um let me see like I all set on that um let me see like I. All set on that um let me see like I actually you know like the design was actually you know like the design was. Actually you know like the design was really good on all of these uh the the really good on all of these uh the the. Really good on all of these uh the the project panelist that are here and project panelist that are here and. Project panelist that are here and definitely check it out on on the definitely check it out on on the. Definitely check it out on on the project site on seller Community Fund project site on seller Community Fund. Project site on seller Community Fund website um let me see because I offered website um let me see because I offered. Website um let me see because I offered pay I also really liked your designs as pay I also really liked your designs as. Pay I also really liked your designs as well did you do any I was actually gonna gon to mention. Any I was actually gonna gon to mention exactly what you of that the cool thing exactly what you of that the cool thing. Exactly what you of that the cool thing is that you're able to go through some is that you're able to go through some. Is that you're able to go through some of the previous projects that are of the previous projects that are. Of the previous projects that are winners and and see what they put winners and and see what they put. Winners and and see what they put together um and that's something that we together um and that's something that we. Together um and that's something that we did for sure um before we submit our did for sure um before we submit our. Did for sure um before we submit our application was go through some of the application was go through some of the. Application was go through some of the previous winners see what they had done previous winners see what they had done. Previous winners see what they had done and to L point I think design is is is and to L point I think design is is is. And to L point I think design is is is important um one of the things that we important um one of the things that we. Important um one of the things that we did and ultimately as we said the the did and ultimately as we said the the. Did and ultimately as we said the the whole concept with our projects is is to whole concept with our projects is is to. Whole concept with our projects is is to to exit out of the Community Fund stage to exit out of the Community Fund stage. To exit out of the Community Fund stage and you know to grow them so you're and you know to grow them so you're. And you know to grow them so you're eventually going to have to build out a eventually going to have to build out a. Eventually going to have to build out a pitch Teck and a lot of the questions pitch Teck and a lot of the questions. Pitch Teck and a lot of the questions that come out of the Community Fund are that come out of the Community Fund are. That come out of the Community Fund are questions that you need to have in your questions that you need to have in your. Questions that you need to have in your pitch check so what's the problem that pitch check so what's the problem that. Pitch check so what's the problem that you're going after what's the solution you're going after what's the solution. You're going after what's the solution um so maybe even uploading that slide um so maybe even uploading that slide. Um so maybe even uploading that slide from your pitch deck to give it a from your pitch deck to give it a. From your pitch deck to give it a graphic that maybe adds a little bit of graphic that maybe adds a little bit of. Graphic that maybe adds a little bit of twist of what your brand is um what your twist of what your brand is um what your. Twist of what your brand is um what your product does etc might allow to to might. Product does etc might allow to to might product does etc might allow to to might. Allow you to stick out versus other allow you to stick out versus other allow you to stick out versus other. Projects because when you're going when projects because when you're going when projects because when you're going when. You when there's so many applications you when there's so many applications you when there's so many applications. That are just all text it can be pretty that are just all text it can be pretty that are just all text it can be pretty. Hard to just to go through so so so many hard to just to go through so so so many. Hard to just to go through so so so many whereas maybe you see like wow these whereas maybe you see like wow these. Whereas maybe you see like wow these people have a really cool brand they people have a really cool brand they. People have a really cool brand they have a really cool way of of have a really cool way of of. Have a really cool way of of communicating this to others um and and communicating this to others um and and. Communicating this to others um and and it's something that that'll stick out so it's something that that'll stick out so. It's something that that'll stick out so definitely go through the previous definitely go through the previous. Definitely go through the previous winners um on the Community Fund uh site winners um on the Community Fund uh site. Winners um on the Community Fund uh site and and see what they've done uh as IA and and see what they've done uh as IA. And and see what they've done uh as IA said uh beans did a great job as well so said uh beans did a great job as well so. Said uh beans did a great job as well so definitely go through them and take a definitely go through them and take a. Definitely go through them and take a look and and use use them for look and and use use them for. Look and and use use them for reference yeah may maybe to add one reference yeah may maybe to add one. Reference yeah may maybe to add one thing is that um the pitch which which thing is that um the pitch which which. Thing is that um the pitch which which we did that wasn't recorded uh what what we did that wasn't recorded uh what what. We did that wasn't recorded uh what what really helped us is to pre-record our uh. Really helped us is to pre-record our uh really helped us is to pre-record our uh. Uh demo uh so what we did is did a live uh demo uh so what we did is did a live uh demo uh so what we did is did a live. Demo pre-record it and then talk over it demo pre-record it and then talk over it. Demo pre-record it and then talk over it during the pitch so that you you're not during the pitch so that you you're not. During the pitch so that you you're not focused on clicking all the buttons and focused on clicking all the buttons and. Focused on clicking all the buttons and all things that can go wrong during a a all things that can go wrong during a a. All things that can go wrong during a a live demo so I think that helped a lot live demo so I think that helped a lot. Live demo so I think that helped a lot to to prere Rec it and then put it in to to prere Rec it and then put it in. To to prere Rec it and then put it in the the the slides yeah that was actually a a legit. Slides yeah that was actually a a legit slides yeah that was actually a a legit presentation like we were like everyone. Presentation like we were like everyone presentation like we were like everyone who was watching like Tyler like. Who was watching like Tyler like who was watching like Tyler like everyone on my team was like whoa like. Everyone on my team was like whoa like everyone on my team was like whoa like pre-record like this is like because. Pre-record like this is like because pre-record like this is like because everything obviously went well right. Everything obviously went well right everything obviously went well right it's like you were you looked like you. It's like you were you looked like you it's like you were you looked like you were doing Livewire and and we were like. Were doing Livewire and and we were like were doing Livewire and and we were like. Really impressed but yeah know it's like really impressed but yeah know it's like. Really impressed but yeah know it's like a those are like some great uh great a those are like some great uh great. A those are like some great uh great tactics too um let me see we have a few tactics too um let me see we have a few. Tactics too um let me see we have a few minutes here and I want to uh go onto minutes here and I want to uh go onto. Minutes here and I want to uh go onto some other questions as well um so some other questions as well um so. Some other questions as well um so another question I get often uh is another question I get often uh is. Another question I get often uh is what's the best strategy for the grant what's the best strategy for the grant. What's the best strategy for the grant amount and I I know that you know we've amount and I I know that you know we've. Amount and I I know that you know we've actually changed budget um guidelines actually changed budget um guidelines. Actually changed budget um guidelines quite a bit uh throughout the uh SCF quite a bit uh throughout the uh SCF. Quite a bit uh throughout the uh SCF rounds right now um like we maximum rounds right now um like we maximum. Rounds right now um like we maximum amount is 200k um and uh but we have amount is 200k um and uh but we have. Amount is 200k um and uh but we have different projects uh like of different different projects uh like of different. Different projects uh like of different budget um uh Scopes like depending on budget um uh Scopes like depending on. Budget um uh Scopes like depending on the project scope so like we have like the project scope so like we have like. The project scope so like we have like beneath like 10,000 for small scope beneath like 10,000 for small scope. Beneath like 10,000 for small scope projects beneath um uh under like projects beneath um uh under like. Projects beneath um uh under like $50,000 worth of xlm for kind of medium $50,000 worth of xlm for kind of medium. $50,000 worth of xlm for kind of medium scope projects that are really like for scope projects that are really like for. Scope projects that are really like for new project but also we have under U new project but also we have under U. New project but also we have under U 200,000 which is really like uh people 200,000 which is really like uh people. 200,000 which is really like uh people that of existing uh companies that want that of existing uh companies that want. That of existing uh companies that want to uh scale a new product or like uh to uh scale a new product or like uh. To uh scale a new product or like uh Kickstart a new uh development on that Kickstart a new uh development on that. Kickstart a new uh development on that front so yeah here it says what is the front so yeah here it says what is the. Front so yeah here it says what is the best strategy to kind of get in uh for best strategy to kind of get in uh for. Best strategy to kind of get in uh for into the Stella Community Fund and I into the Stella Community Fund and I. Into the Stella Community Fund and I know that quid like I know that you know that quid like I know that you. Know that quid like I know that you haven't had any previous um uh can haven't had any previous um uh can. Haven't had any previous um uh can really experience right in the Stella really experience right in the Stella. Really experience right in the Stella community and you chose a little bit of community and you chose a little bit of. Community and you chose a little bit of a lower a budget on the lower end um can a lower a budget on the lower end um can. A lower a budget on the lower end um can you tell us a bit more about your you tell us a bit more about your. You tell us a bit more about your strategy there sure so um I mean when we when we. There sure so um I mean when we when we applied um we just needed or were applied um we just needed or were. Applied um we just needed or were looking for funding to even just build looking for funding to even just build. Looking for funding to even just build right so we were looking for funding for right so we were looking for funding for. Right so we were looking for funding for Developers for maybe a bit of of a Developers for maybe a bit of of a. Developers for maybe a bit of of a marketing campaign um and so we I think marketing campaign um and so we I think. Marketing campaign um and so we I think we did less than 50,000 if I remember we did less than 50,000 if I remember. We did less than 50,000 if I remember correctly yes um and you know based on correctly yes um and you know based on. Correctly yes um and you know based on advice as well um you know just looking advice as well um you know just looking. Advice as well um you know just looking at what other people had done and I I at what other people had done and I I. At what other people had done and I I mean first of all not to just deviate mean first of all not to just deviate. Mean first of all not to just deviate but can I just do and can I just brag on but can I just do and can I just brag on. But can I just do and can I just brag on anchor because I'm telling you look if anchor because I'm telling you look if. Anchor because I'm telling you look if she's on your corner you are made right she's on your corner you are made right. She's on your corner you are made right so let me just quickly brag on her and so let me just quickly brag on her and. So let me just quickly brag on her and just say that everything she said we just say that everything she said we. Just say that everything she said we should do we did right so but there was should do we did right so but there was. Should do we did right so but there was a lot of advice around you know how to a lot of advice around you know how to. A lot of advice around you know how to sort of what to do and everything and sort of what to do and everything and. Sort of what to do and everything and she has been such a phenomenal support she has been such a phenomenal support. She has been such a phenomenal support um and just supporter of just our our um and just supporter of just our our. Um and just supporter of just our our our you know our product what we're our you know our product what we're. Our you know our product what we're trying to build the vision and trying to build the vision and. Trying to build the vision and everything um so just going back to your everything um so just going back to your. Everything um so just going back to your to answer your question so again we to answer your question so again we. To answer your question so again we asked for a smaller amount and we asked for a smaller amount and we. Asked for a smaller amount and we actually got it and I'll say even now actually got it and I'll say even now. Actually got it and I'll say even now when everybody's talking about we've when everybody's talking about we've. When everybody's talking about we've been very misly with even those funds been very misly with even those funds. Been very misly with even those funds right because we're using it to we're right because we're using it to we're. Right because we're using it to we're able to um pay for developers um we were able to um pay for developers um we were. Able to um pay for developers um we were able to do some marketing campaign like able to do some marketing campaign like. Able to do some marketing campaign like I said um and we we still have some left I said um and we we still have some left. I said um and we we still have some left that we're still you know um managing that we're still you know um managing. That we're still you know um managing right um and so it's just been right um and so it's just been. Right um and so it's just been phenomenal with just what we've been phenomenal with just what we've been. Phenomenal with just what we've been trying to do and so anybody who's coming trying to do and so anybody who's coming. Trying to do and so anybody who's coming in unless you already have like an in unless you already have like an. In unless you already have like an established um um product or something established um um product or something. Established um um product or something that already has like a lot of traction that already has like a lot of traction. That already has like a lot of traction I would say start small um and you know I would say start small um and you know. I would say start small um and you know SCF the beauty of of the fund is that SCF the beauty of of the fund is that. SCF the beauty of of the fund is that you don't just get it one time and you don't just get it one time and. You don't just get it one time and you're shut out you know you can always you're shut out you know you can always. You're shut out you know you can always come back like everybody has said once come back like everybody has said once. Come back like everybody has said once you able to prove the concept and you you able to prove the concept and you. You able to prove the concept and you know get more traction you can come back know get more traction you can come back. Know get more traction you can come back and ask for maybe higher amount um and and ask for maybe higher amount um and. And ask for maybe higher amount um and so don't feel like you have to ask for so don't feel like you have to ask for. So don't feel like you have to ask for the moon first go around you know if you the moon first go around you know if you. The moon first go around you know if you you know ask for what you need but make you know ask for what you need but make. You know ask for what you need but make it um make it manageable enough that um it um make it manageable enough that um. It um make it manageable enough that um people within the the the community people within the the the community. People within the the the community would be able to say okay yeah this is would be able to say okay yeah this is. Would be able to say okay yeah this is this makes this makes this makes sense yeah yeah I think that that that's. Sense yeah yeah I think that that that's sense yeah yeah I think that that that's. Great advice also to really get get your great advice also to really get get your. Great advice also to really get get your foot in theuring and get get traction foot in theuring and get get traction. Foot in theuring and get get traction and just build that and you can always and just build that and you can always. And just build that and you can always submit again right um all right well we submit again right um all right well we. Submit again right um all right well we actually like the time flies uh like actually like the time flies uh like. Actually like the time flies uh like it's already almost done and anyone here it's already almost done and anyone here. It's already almost done and anyone here uh any last advice for for scf1 uh any last advice for for scf1. Uh any last advice for for scf1 submitters feel free to submitters feel free to submitters feel free to. Unmute yeah just have fun you know I unmute yeah just have fun you know I unmute yeah just have fun you know I. Mean there's there's a lot of great mean there's there's a lot of great mean there's there's a lot of great. Opportunities out there I think um opportunities out there I think um opportunities out there I think um. There's uh the I mean since all of us there's uh the I mean since all of us there's uh the I mean since all of us. Have entered there have been continual have entered there have been continual have entered there have been continual. Um um um upgrades uh continuous uh new um uh upgrades uh continuous uh new um uh upgrades uh continuous uh new um uh. Countries that have been really countries that have been really countries that have been really. Expanding their use cases and so um just expanding their use cases and so um just. Expanding their use cases and so um just be creative have fun and uh and do it yeah I think that's a great point. It yeah I think that's a great point just don't don't only do it to win the just don't don't only do it to win the. Just don't don't only do it to win the funding but just have fun get feedback funding but just have fun get feedback. Funding but just have fun get feedback interact with people um improve use it interact with people um improve use it. Interact with people um improve use it to write down whatever you're building to write down whatever you're building. To write down whatever you're building validate your ID so I think that's very validate your ID so I think that's very. Validate your ID so I think that's very valuable uh already so yeah great valuable uh already so yeah great. Valuable uh already so yeah great Point yeah I would also chime in and say Point yeah I would also chime in and say. Point yeah I would also chime in and say well sorry about that I would also Chim well sorry about that I would also Chim. Well sorry about that I would also Chim in and say don't don't leave it till the in and say don't don't leave it till the. In and say don't don't leave it till the last minute to fill out your your last minute to fill out your your. Last minute to fill out your your submission right start working on it now submission right start working on it now. Submission right start working on it now um so that you can sort of you know kick. Um so that you can sort of you know kick um so that you can sort of you know kick. The tires around it you know let people the tires around it you know let people the tires around it you know let people. Around you sort of look at it read it around you sort of look at it read it around you sort of look at it read it. Give you um feedback put that in the in give you um feedback put that in the in give you um feedback put that in the in. The in your submission and then just to the in your submission and then just to the in your submission and then just to. Make it as Crisp And as as as great as make it as Crisp And as as as great as make it as Crisp And as as as great as. It can potentially be it can potentially be it can potentially be thanks going to say something similar I. Thanks going to say something similar I thanks going to say something similar I feel like it's the the standards have. Feel like it's the the standards have feel like it's the the standards have got a lot higher since we went in so up. Got a lot higher since we went in so up got a lot higher since we went in so up your game the professionalism of the you. Your game the professionalism of the you your game the professionalism of the you. Know of the applications have gotten so know of the applications have gotten so know of the applications have gotten so. Much uh better but that being said yeah much uh better but that being said yeah much uh better but that being said yeah. There's nothing to lose by uh just there's nothing to lose by uh just there's nothing to lose by uh just. Applying and getting some great feedback applying and getting some great feedback. Applying and getting some great feedback and especially if you're new to the and especially if you're new to the. And especially if you're new to the community uh Jump Jump Right In it's community uh Jump Jump Right In it's. Community uh Jump Jump Right In it's really um a supportive one and I I'll add that uh if if you. One and I I'll add that uh if if you don't win one time or two times keep don't win one time or two times keep. Don't win one time or two times keep applying because I think that a large applying because I think that a large. Applying because I think that a large part of being a Founder is grit and part of being a Founder is grit and. Part of being a Founder is grit and being relentless so um the community being relentless so um the community. Being relentless so um the community loves to see two three time people who loves to see two three time people who. Loves to see two three time people who who apply and I think that that has a who apply and I think that that has a. Who apply and I think that that has a lot of value so uh lot of value so uh lot of value so uh. Yeah thank you so much everyone for that yeah thank you so much everyone for that. Yeah thank you so much everyone for that advice I think that's yeah it's it's was. Advice I think that's yeah it's it's was advice I think that's yeah it's it's was. Really great to hear from all of you and really great to hear from all of you and. Really great to hear from all of you and really got into the examples of like you. Really got into the examples of like you really got into the examples of like you. Know the generic advice that we give all know the generic advice that we give all. Know the generic advice that we give all the time yes that's true our application. The time yes that's true our application the time yes that's true our application. Has become a little bit more more has become a little bit more more has become a little bit more more. Complicated but that's that's a good complicated but that's that's a good complicated but that's that's a good. Exercise for you to l write down your exercise for you to l write down your exercise for you to l write down your. Business you know uh I'm trying to yeah business you know uh I'm trying to yeah business you know uh I'm trying to yeah. We're trying to streamline it every we're trying to streamline it every we're trying to streamline it every. Round the stf um changes every now round round the stf um changes every now round. Round the stf um changes every now round because we grow with the needs of the because we grow with the needs of the. Because we grow with the needs of the community and the growing Stellar community and the growing Stellar. Community and the growing Stellar ecosystem which is really exciting we're ecosystem which is really exciting we're. Ecosystem which is really exciting we're also having some you know um sneak peek also having some you know um sneak peek. Also having some you know um sneak peek we're having some really exciting um uh we're having some really exciting um uh. We're having some really exciting um uh updates for scf2 that I'll be sharing in updates for scf2 that I'll be sharing in. Updates for scf2 that I'll be sharing in the next few weeks so definitely stay the next few weeks so definitely stay. The next few weeks so definitely stay tuned but in the meantime if you want to tuned but in the meantime if you want to. Tuned but in the meantime if you want to keep up to date with this and learn more. Keep up to date with this and learn more keep up to date with this and learn more. About the Stell Community Fund we have about the Stell Community Fund we have about the Stell Community Fund we have. An exciting uh like website that we an exciting uh like website that we an exciting uh like website that we. Recently um renewed shout out to Charles recently um renewed shout out to Charles. Recently um renewed shout out to Charles from our design team it's very great uh from our design team it's very great uh. From our design team it's very great uh it's called a community fund. It's called a community fund. It's called a community fund. Stellar.org so definitely check out and stellar.org so definitely check out and stellar.org so definitely check out and. Check out the projects um the our check out the projects um the our check out the projects um the our. Panelists here and many more exciting panelists here and many more exciting panelists here and many more exciting. Projects that have in in the past uh projects that have in in the past uh projects that have in in the past uh. Submitted to SCF uh we as mentioned here submitted to SCF uh we as mentioned here. Submitted to SCF uh we as mentioned here we have a exciting stallo Community Fund. We have a exciting stallo Community Fund we have a exciting stallo Community Fund. Discord where you can find many of these Discord where you can find many of these. Discord where you can find many of these um um of our panelist actually all um um of our panelist actually all. Um um of our panelist actually all panelists here and many more um on panelists here and many more um on. Panelists here and many more um on Discord and ask questions and whatnot uh Discord and ask questions and whatnot uh. Discord and ask questions and whatnot uh and we have recently also added an SF and we have recently also added an SF. And we have recently also added an SF handbook so if you're like uh really handbook so if you're like uh really. Handbook so if you're like uh really want to know the details of how want to know the details of how. Want to know the details of how everything works definitely check that everything works definitely check that. Everything works definitely check that out you can find it on community fund. Out you can find it on community fund. Out you can find it on community fund. Stellar.org and it will answer um most stellar.org and it will answer um most stellar.org and it will answer um most. If not all of your questions um and then if not all of your questions um and then. If not all of your questions um and then we also post a regular updates in our we also post a regular updates in our. We also post a regular updates in our Stell Community medium so definitely Stell Community medium so definitely. Stell Community medium so definitely check all of those out it's 2011 thank check all of those out it's 2011 thank. Check all of those out it's 2011 thank you so much to everyone here you so much to everyone here. You so much to everyone here participating it was great to hear from participating it was great to hear from. Participating it was great to hear from you and I look forward to everyone's you and I look forward to everyone's. You and I look forward to everyone's submissions to uh submissions to uh submissions to uh. Scf1 awesome well thank you so much scf1 awesome well thank you so much scf1 awesome well thank you so much. Everyone.
