All right everybody it's been a it's all right everybody it's been a it's been a long day but I hope a very. Been a long day but I hope a very been a long day but I hope a very productive one and it is enclosing the. Productive one and it is enclosing the productive one and it is enclosing the first day of Meridian I am so pleased to. First day of Meridian I am so pleased to first day of Meridian I am so pleased to. Present our next and final speaker present our next and final speaker present our next and final speaker. Denelle Dixon the executive director of Denelle Dixon the executive director of Denelle Dixon the executive director of. The stouts Ehlert development foundation the stouts Ehlert development foundation. The stouts Ehlert development foundation so thank you all very much and let's so thank you all very much and let's. So thank you all very much and let's give a really warm welcome to Janelle give a really warm welcome to Janelle. Give a really warm welcome to Janelle [Applause] hi everyone good afternoon I'm back as. Hi everyone good afternoon I'm back as they say so I thought I would start by they say so I thought I would start by. They say so I thought I would start by just mentioning that I joined SDF six just mentioning that I joined SDF six. Just mentioning that I joined SDF six months ago last Friday so it's been a months ago last Friday so it's been a. Months ago last Friday so it's been a journey for me I can't believe that it's journey for me I can't believe that it's. Journey for me I can't believe that it's been six months and yet at the same time. Been six months and yet at the same time been six months and yet at the same time. I can't believe that it's only been six I can't believe that it's only been six I can't believe that it's only been six. Months so there's a lot that I've months so there's a lot that I've months so there's a lot that I've. Learned a lot that I've learned about learned a lot that I've learned about learned a lot that I've learned about. All of the work that you're doing a lot all of the work that you're doing a lot all of the work that you're doing a lot. That I've learned about Stellar and it's that I've learned about Stellar and it's. That I've learned about Stellar and it's been pretty phenomenal been pretty phenomenal. Been pretty phenomenal so I worked at Mozilla for seven years so I worked at Mozilla for seven years. So I worked at Mozilla for seven years and at Mozilla which is my role just and at Mozilla which is my role just. And at Mozilla which is my role just prior to this I was the chief operating prior to this I was the chief operating. Prior to this I was the chief operating officer I did a lot of work focused on officer I did a lot of work focused on. Officer I did a lot of work focused on the open web focused on ensuring that the open web focused on ensuring that. The open web focused on ensuring that government's didn't have access to government's didn't have access to. Government's didn't have access to technology with backdoors talking about technology with backdoors talking about. Technology with backdoors talking about encryption and privacy and all of these encryption and privacy and all of these. Encryption and privacy and all of these issues that our core tenants to the open issues that our core tenants to the open. Issues that our core tenants to the open web transparency and so when Jed came to. Web transparency and so when Jed came to web transparency and so when Jed came to. Talk to me and he talked to me about talk to me and he talked to me about talk to me and he talked to me about. This role as the executive director and this role as the executive director and this role as the executive director and. CEO I thought I had to reflect on how CEO I thought I had to reflect on how CEO I thought I had to reflect on how. All those things that I'm so passionate all those things that I'm so passionate all those things that I'm so passionate. About about openness and transparency about about openness and transparency about about openness and transparency. And fighting for the rights of the and fighting for the rights of the and fighting for the rights of the. Humans that actually use the content humans that actually use the content humans that actually use the content. Side of the web if all of those things side of the web if all of those things side of the web if all of those things. Could be equally translated over here to could be equally translated over here to. Could be equally translated over here to what we're doing here at SDF and what what we're doing here at SDF and what. What we're doing here at SDF and what we're doing with Stellar and good news we're doing with Stellar and good news. We're doing with Stellar and good news is it is so it's been a pretty wonderful is it is so it's been a pretty wonderful. Is it is so it's been a pretty wonderful transition for me to see all of the work. Transition for me to see all of the work transition for me to see all of the work. That has already been done and frankly a that has already been done and frankly a. That has already been done and frankly a lot of the work that's done with respect. Lot of the work that's done with respect lot of the work that's done with respect. To blockchain technology it doesn't get to blockchain technology it doesn't get to blockchain technology it doesn't get. Highlighted enough I don't know if highlighted enough I don't know if highlighted enough I don't know if. That's because of fear or ignorance that's because of fear or ignorance that's because of fear or ignorance. Because of what regulators are concerned because of what regulators are concerned. Because of what regulators are concerned about or because of history but one about or because of history but one. About or because of history but one thing I'll have to say is that I think thing I'll have to say is that I think. Thing I'll have to say is that I think now is the time we need to actually now is the time we need to actually. Now is the time we need to actually really focus on getting more regulators really focus on getting more regulators. Really focus on getting more regulators involved understanding what we're doing involved understanding what we're doing. Involved understanding what we're doing with blockchain now is the time with blockchain now is the time. With blockchain now is the time for us to come together and to develop for us to come together and to develop. For us to come together and to develop excuse me to develop this community and excuse me to develop this community and. Excuse me to develop this community and to get all those out there to become to get all those out there to become. To get all those out there to become part of it I actually love one part of part of it I actually love one part of. Part of it I actually love one part of what I've done over the last six months what I've done over the last six months. What I've done over the last six months in particular which is talking to those in particular which is talking to those. In particular which is talking to those folks who have concerns about blockchain folks who have concerns about blockchain. Folks who have concerns about blockchain and about Stellar in particular those and about Stellar in particular those. And about Stellar in particular those naysayers out there that don't really naysayers out there that don't really. Naysayers out there that don't really maybe understand the technology and one maybe understand the technology and one. Maybe understand the technology and one thing I'll say is that you can overcome thing I'll say is that you can overcome. Thing I'll say is that you can overcome a lot of those concerns when you have a lot of those concerns when you have. A lot of those concerns when you have facts and you have evidence and when you facts and you have evidence and when you. Facts and you have evidence and when you have momentum and I think we have all of. Have momentum and I think we have all of have momentum and I think we have all of. That here and so I've had a lot of that here and so I've had a lot of that here and so I've had a lot of. Success talking to folks maybe even to success talking to folks maybe even to success talking to folks maybe even to. Some of those folks that I wanted to some of those folks that I wanted to some of those folks that I wanted to. Bring on to SDF to be part of what we're bring on to SDF to be part of what we're. Bring on to SDF to be part of what we're doing here to really engage them in the doing here to really engage them in the. Doing here to really engage them in the value that we have in this ecosystem and value that we have in this ecosystem and. Value that we have in this ecosystem and what we can do and what actually Stellar. What we can do and what actually Stellar what we can do and what actually Stellar. And blockchain generally can deliver not and blockchain generally can deliver not. And blockchain generally can deliver not just in financial services but outside just in financial services but outside. Just in financial services but outside of it so the underlying tenets of the of it so the underlying tenets of the. Of it so the underlying tenets of the internet all those things that I really internet all those things that I really. Internet all those things that I really fought so hard for for the last 15 17 fought so hard for for the last 15 17. Fought so hard for for the last 15 17 years I think they're actually more true years I think they're actually more true. Years I think they're actually more true in this space than in any other right in this space than in any other right. In this space than in any other right now standards openness the focus on not now standards openness the focus on not. Now standards openness the focus on not creating trust through contracts but creating trust through contracts but. Creating trust through contracts but creating trust through transparency creating trust through transparency. Creating trust through transparency creating trust that exists because you creating trust that exists because you. Creating trust that exists because you can actually see touch and feel those can actually see touch and feel those. Can actually see touch and feel those are the things that the internet was are the things that the internet was. Are the things that the internet was based on you know back in the day with based on you know back in the day with. Based on you know back in the day with security they used to talk about you security they used to talk about you. Security they used to talk about you don't have to know you don't have to don't have to know you don't have to. Don't have to know you don't have to trust me you can audit the code the same trust me you can audit the code the same. Trust me you can audit the code the same is true in this space even more so today. Is true in this space even more so today is true in this space even more so today. Than it is on the on the content side of than it is on the on the content side of. Than it is on the on the content side of the web and that's really exciting to me. The web and that's really exciting to me the web and that's really exciting to me. And I think as a result of that we just and I think as a result of that we just and I think as a result of that we just. Have so much that we can do in this have so much that we can do in this have so much that we can do in this. Space but we have to continue to focus space but we have to continue to focus space but we have to continue to focus. On interoperability standards openness on interoperability standards openness on interoperability standards openness. Transparency because if we do that it's transparency because if we do that it's transparency because if we do that it's. Really hard to fight against the work really hard to fight against the work really hard to fight against the work. That we're trying to get here so I want that we're trying to get here so I want that we're trying to get here so I want. To just mention again I talked this to just mention again I talked this to just mention again I talked this. Morning a little bit about SDF as a role morning a little bit about SDF as a role. Morning a little bit about SDF as a role as the connector as the as the connector as the. As the connector as the the bringing folks together the convener the bringing folks together the convener. The bringing folks together the convener and because of the growth of Stellar and. And because of the growth of Stellar and and because of the growth of Stellar and. What we've done here as a collective it what we've done here as a collective it what we've done here as a collective it. Feels a lot like we're able to do that feels a lot like we're able to do that feels a lot like we're able to do that. Not just through things like Meridian not just through things like Meridian not just through things like Meridian. But through all of our work and so I but through all of our work and so I but through all of our work and so I. Reflected a lot on the role of Stellar reflected a lot on the role of Stellar reflected a lot on the role of Stellar. As we as we think about like what it is as we as we think about like what it is as we as we think about like what it is. That we're doing here what it is that that we're doing here what it is that that we're doing here what it is that. That the role of the Stellar development that the role of the Stellar development. That the role of the Stellar development foundation is as we get through this and. Foundation is as we get through this and foundation is as we get through this and. I think it's really important to to talk I think it's really important to to talk. I think it's really important to to talk about Stellar development foundation about Stellar development foundation. About Stellar development foundation itself instead of Stellar because many itself instead of Stellar because many. Itself instead of Stellar because many of you know that we Shepherd the of you know that we Shepherd the. Of you know that we Shepherd the codebase that we do lots of things but codebase that we do lots of things but. Codebase that we do lots of things but many of you probably don't know the many of you probably don't know the. Many of you probably don't know the details of what SDF is and so I thought details of what SDF is and so I thought. Details of what SDF is and so I thought maybe I would go into that a little bit maybe I would go into that a little bit. Maybe I would go into that a little bit first we're a non-profit why is that first we're a non-profit why is that. First we're a non-profit why is that important we don't have shareholders why important we don't have shareholders why. Important we don't have shareholders why is that important there is not one is that important there is not one. Is that important there is not one person who can actually benefit and who person who can actually benefit and who. Person who can actually benefit and who actually gets a dividend or a payout actually gets a dividend or a payout. Actually gets a dividend or a payout with respect to anything that the SDF with respect to anything that the SDF. With respect to anything that the SDF does that's important because that does that's important because that. Does that's important because that should build trust - so that's a really should build trust - so that's a really. Should build trust - so that's a really important fact that I want you to think important fact that I want you to think. Important fact that I want you to think about the other thing is we're a tax about the other thing is we're a tax. About the other thing is we're a tax payer we actually pay taxes in the state payer we actually pay taxes in the state. Payer we actually pay taxes in the state of California and at the federal of California and at the federal. Of California and at the federal government and we're not a charity and government and we're not a charity and. Government and we're not a charity and finally all of the capital that we have finally all of the capital that we have. Finally all of the capital that we have at the SDF is actually used to support at the SDF is actually used to support. At the SDF is actually used to support and make Stellar than that work and make Stellar than that work. And make Stellar than that work successful so we talk about this as no successful so we talk about this as no. Successful so we talk about this as no shareholder value no dividends no EBIT shareholder value no dividends no EBIT. Shareholder value no dividends no EBIT ah no stock price focus none of those ah no stock price focus none of those. Ah no stock price focus none of those like those things that you talk about like those things that you talk about. Like those things that you talk about when you talk about corporate America we when you talk about corporate America we. When you talk about corporate America we don't have those things we have all we don't have those things we have all we. Don't have those things we have all we have to think about is making Stellar have to think about is making Stellar. Have to think about is making Stellar the global payment standard that's our the global payment standard that's our. The global payment standard that's our daily goal that's our quarterly goal daily goal that's our quarterly goal. Daily goal that's our quarterly goal that's our annual goal that's our only that's our annual goal that's our only. That's our annual goal that's our only goal goal so what we do is each of these things we. So what we do is each of these things we spend our time building and supporting spend our time building and supporting. Spend our time building and supporting Stellar in the ecosystem we create Stellar in the ecosystem we create. Stellar in the ecosystem we create awareness and education around Stellar awareness and education around Stellar. Awareness and education around Stellar and we develop and support Stellar use and we develop and support Stellar use. And we develop and support Stellar use cases so that these are the things that cases so that these are the things that. Cases so that these are the things that we do today some we've actually done we do today some we've actually done. We do today some we've actually done better than others but this is what we better than others but this is what we. Better than others but this is what we focus on we have it says 54 it's focus on we have it says 54 it's. Focus on we have it says 54 it's actually wrong we have 55 we just hired actually wrong we have 55 we just hired. Actually wrong we have 55 we just hired and he starts on Wednesday our chief and he starts on Wednesday our chief. And he starts on Wednesday our chief marketing officer which I know many of marketing officer which I know many of. Marketing officer which I know many of you have been clamoring for us to get we you have been clamoring for us to get we. You have been clamoring for us to get we just hired him he starts on Wednesday so. Just hired him he starts on Wednesday so just hired him he starts on Wednesday so. It's 55 these are some of the titles of it's 55 these are some of the titles of it's 55 these are some of the titles of. The employees at the SDF we're across the employees at the SDF we're across the employees at the SDF we're across. Eight countries we have an office in San eight countries we have an office in San. Eight countries we have an office in San Francisco we have an office in Brooklyn Francisco we have an office in Brooklyn. Francisco we have an office in Brooklyn New York and we have people who are New York and we have people who are. New York and we have people who are located either as contractors and located either as contractors and. Located either as contractors and employees all over the world and this is employees all over the world and this is. Employees all over the world and this is important because our work is important because our work is. Important because our work is representative of what all of these representative of what all of these. Representative of what all of these people all over the world do we want to people all over the world do we want to. People all over the world do we want to be here for a really long time be here for a really long time. Be here for a really long time supporting all of your work and so this supporting all of your work and so this. Supporting all of your work and so this is something that I think it's good for is something that I think it's good for. Is something that I think it's good for you to know so that you could access us you to know so that you could access us. You to know so that you could access us you can talk to us we have folks that you can talk to us we have folks that. You can talk to us we have folks that are focused on integration alone and are focused on integration alone and. Are focused on integration alone and these are important jobs and important these are important jobs and important. These are important jobs and important roles for the SDF to play so now let's roles for the SDF to play so now let's. Roles for the SDF to play so now let's talk about the role of the SDF in the talk about the role of the SDF in the. Talk about the role of the SDF in the ecosystem and I did talk a little bit ecosystem and I did talk a little bit. Ecosystem and I did talk a little bit about that as the convener and the about that as the convener and the. About that as the convener and the connector and I mentioned Meridian and I connector and I mentioned Meridian and I. Connector and I mentioned Meridian and I really do think of the work that we do really do think of the work that we do. Really do think of the work that we do is bringing the whole globe together so is bringing the whole globe together so. Is bringing the whole globe together so all of you bringing all of you together all of you bringing all of you together. All of you bringing all of you together to be able to focus on the work that we to be able to focus on the work that we. To be able to focus on the work that we have ahead of us which is really have ahead of us which is really. Have ahead of us which is really creating Stellar as the Global Payments creating Stellar as the Global Payments. Creating Stellar as the Global Payments standard so there are things that we standard so there are things that we. Standard so there are things that we think through about what is our role think through about what is our role. Think through about what is our role today like how important is the SDF to today like how important is the SDF to. Today like how important is the SDF to the ecosystem I'm going to tell you that the ecosystem I'm going to tell you that. The ecosystem I'm going to tell you that the role of SDF five years ago is very the role of SDF five years ago is very. The role of SDF five years ago is very different than the role it has today different than the role it has today. Different than the role it has today we're no longer at the center we're no longer at the center. We're no longer at the center of the ecosystem which is super awesome of the ecosystem which is super awesome. Of the ecosystem which is super awesome and this is one of the representations and this is one of the representations. And this is one of the representations the vote that occurred on October 28th the vote that occurred on October 28th. The vote that occurred on October 28th to regarding the inflation mechanism is to regarding the inflation mechanism is. To regarding the inflation mechanism is an important important example of an important important example of. An important important example of demonstrating the decentralization of demonstrating the decentralization of. Demonstrating the decentralization of the network but also the role that SDF the network but also the role that SDF. The network but also the role that SDF plates we actually spent time looking at plates we actually spent time looking at. Plates we actually spent time looking at the dev forums we saw the conversations the dev forums we saw the conversations. The dev forums we saw the conversations in Reddit on key base and it's our role in Reddit on key base and it's our role. In Reddit on key base and it's our role to sort of take the output from that and to sort of take the output from that and. To sort of take the output from that and make a proposal which is what we did and. Make a proposal which is what we did and make a proposal which is what we did and. Then the vote happened on October 28th then the vote happened on October 28th then the vote happened on October 28th. And it fundamentally changed Stellar the and it fundamentally changed Stellar the. And it fundamentally changed Stellar the network and it was really cool because network and it was really cool because. Network and it was really cool because it definitely shows that feedback loop it definitely shows that feedback loop. It definitely shows that feedback loop and how that feedback loop work loop and how that feedback loop work loop. And how that feedback loop work loop works we heard what you had to say we works we heard what you had to say we. Works we heard what you had to say we put a proposal out based on the feedback put a proposal out based on the feedback. Put a proposal out based on the feedback and the network the validators accepted and the network the validators accepted. And the network the validators accepted that proposal another important way to that proposal another important way to. That proposal another important way to determine our role is to think about determine our role is to think about. Determine our role is to think about Franklin Templeton we learned about Franklin Templeton we learned about. Franklin Templeton we learned about Franklin Templeton's plans to build a Franklin Templeton's plans to build a. Franklin Templeton's plans to build a mutual fund on Stellar not from them we mutual fund on Stellar not from them we. Mutual fund on Stellar not from them we got it from a Google Alert of all things got it from a Google Alert of all things. Got it from a Google Alert of all things and it's demonstrates for me it was one and it's demonstrates for me it was one. And it's demonstrates for me it was one of the more exciting days because it was of the more exciting days because it was. Of the more exciting days because it was like this is the way that this should like this is the way that this should. Like this is the way that this should work things like this should happen work things like this should happen. Work things like this should happen without people having to come to meet without people having to come to meet. Without people having to come to meet with us and figure things out that means with us and figure things out that means. With us and figure things out that means that our documentation is better it that our documentation is better it. That our documentation is better it means that they have determined the means that they have determined the. Means that they have determined the value of Stellar on their own that's value of Stellar on their own that's. Value of Stellar on their own that's exactly the kind of thing that we want exactly the kind of thing that we want. Exactly the kind of thing that we want to see in a decentralized network and to see in a decentralized network and. To see in a decentralized network and then if you look at the nodes and just then if you look at the nodes and just. Then if you look at the nodes and just to think about the validator networks to think about the validator networks. To think about the validator networks today two years ago we couldn't pull our today two years ago we couldn't pull our. Today two years ago we couldn't pull our validators off the network because it validators off the network because it. Validators off the network because it wouldn't continue to run today it can wouldn't continue to run today it can. Wouldn't continue to run today it can and this is going to get even better and and this is going to get even better and. And this is going to get even better and better as time as things progress so better as time as things progress so. Better as time as things progress so from our standpoint this is a pretty from our standpoint this is a pretty. From our standpoint this is a pretty cool place for us to be and our role is cool place for us to be and our role is. Cool place for us to be and our role is really solidified by all of you and the really solidified by all of you and the. Really solidified by all of you and the work that all of you have done as that work that all of you have done as that. Work that all of you have done as that convener as that connector so as we convener as that connector so as we. Convener as that connector so as we started to think about all these things started to think about all these things. Started to think about all these things and think about our role and think about our role. And think about our role we came together to think about what are we came together to think about what are. We came together to think about what are the next 10 years and what does that the next 10 years and what does that. The next 10 years and what does that look like for SDF and how do we actually look like for SDF and how do we actually. Look like for SDF and how do we actually ensure that we're doing our job which is. Ensure that we're doing our job which is ensure that we're doing our job which is. To make Stellar successful to make it to make Stellar successful to make it to make Stellar successful to make it. The payment standard so not surprisingly the payment standard so not surprisingly. The payment standard so not surprisingly in doing this work we had to reflect on in doing this work we had to reflect on. In doing this work we had to reflect on what's working and what hasn't worked as what's working and what hasn't worked as. What's working and what hasn't worked as much as we would have liked so what it's. Much as we would have liked so what it's much as we would have liked so what it's. Working is our tatka it's scalable you working is our tatka it's scalable you working is our tatka it's scalable you. Guys are all contributing to it guys are all contributing to it guys are all contributing to it. Our people we've built an awesome team our people we've built an awesome team our people we've built an awesome team. Of folks who are not only committed to of folks who are not only committed to of folks who are not only committed to. The mission for SDF but are committed to the mission for SDF but are committed to. The mission for SDF but are committed to Stellar and that's awesome our community. Stellar and that's awesome our community Stellar and that's awesome our community. Building look at Meridian you guys all building look at Meridian you guys all building look at Meridian you guys all. Came here to Mexico City to join us to came here to Mexico City to join us to came here to Mexico City to join us to. Celebrate all the work that you have celebrate all the work that you have celebrate all the work that you have. Done many excellent and promising done many excellent and promising done many excellent and promising. Projects like IBM Axio reality bits projects like IBM Axio reality bits projects like IBM Axio reality bits. Satoshi Pei lobster Stellar X so many Satoshi Pei lobster Stellar X so many Satoshi Pei lobster Stellar X so many. More and our focus on decentralization more and our focus on decentralization more and our focus on decentralization. As I just went through we feel like as I just went through we feel like as I just went through we feel like. We've actually kind of cracked that nut we've actually kind of cracked that nut we've actually kind of cracked that nut. So what hasn't been working so much so what hasn't been working so much so what hasn't been working so much. Our marketing some of you may say what our marketing some of you may say what our marketing some of you may say what. Marketing so we just hired our CMO yeh marketing so we just hired our CMO yeh marketing so we just hired our CMO yeh. It's not marketing for SDF it's it's not marketing for SDF it's it's not marketing for SDF it's. Marketing for Stellar marketing for all marketing for Stellar marketing for all marketing for Stellar marketing for all. Of you partnership marketing as well as of you partnership marketing as well as of you partnership marketing as well as. Network marketing our policy and our network marketing our policy and our network marketing our policy and our. Focus on regulatory efforts we've done focus on regulatory efforts we've done focus on regulatory efforts we've done. So much better over the last six to so much better over the last six to so much better over the last six to. Eight months and we're gonna get so much eight months and we're gonna get so much. Eight months and we're gonna get so much better we have a General Council now better we have a General Council now. Better we have a General Council now who's focused on this and we also are who's focused on this and we also are. Who's focused on this and we also are hiring a head of policy who's going to hiring a head of policy who's going to. Hiring a head of policy who's going to be focused on that from a global be focused on that from a global. Be focused on that from a global standpoint our lumen distribution standpoint our lumen distribution. Standpoint our lumen distribution through grants and air drops we've seen through grants and air drops we've seen. Through grants and air drops we've seen some pretty awesome results and yet we some pretty awesome results and yet we. Some pretty awesome results and yet we still hold a lot of lumens so from our still hold a lot of lumens so from our. Still hold a lot of lumens so from our standpoint it's not working as well as standpoint it's not working as well as. Standpoint it's not working as well as we'd like and our transparency around we'd like and our transparency around. We'd like and our transparency around SDF now tried to fix some of that today SDF now tried to fix some of that today. SDF now tried to fix some of that today but you can't just do it once and let it but you can't just do it once and let it. But you can't just do it once and let it sit there we got a sit there we got a sit there we got a. Continue that so we're gonna focus a lot continue that so we're gonna focus a lot. Continue that so we're gonna focus a lot more on telling you more about what more on telling you more about what. More on telling you more about what we're doing with the capital that we we're doing with the capital that we. We're doing with the capital that we have that wasn't me and about what we're have that wasn't me and about what we're. Have that wasn't me and about what we're doing just holistically as an doing just holistically as an. Doing just holistically as an organization that's our commitment to organization that's our commitment to. Organization that's our commitment to you you you so in reflecting on all of this and. So in reflecting on all of this and so in reflecting on all of this and thinking about the ten years we really. Thinking about the ten years we really thinking about the ten years we really refocused our mission I mentioned this. Refocused our mission I mentioned this refocused our mission I mentioned this earlier today creating equitable access. Earlier today creating equitable access earlier today creating equitable access to the global financial system it's an. To the global financial system it's an to the global financial system it's an awesome mission as I mentioned I mean. Awesome mission as I mentioned I mean awesome mission as I mentioned I mean awesome in the sense that it's big but. Awesome in the sense that it's big but awesome in the sense that it's big but we're committed it we're committed to it. We're committed it we're committed to it we're committed it we're committed to it. And we want to use not just Stellar but and we want to use not just Stellar but and we want to use not just Stellar but. All the work that you guys have done to all the work that you guys have done to all the work that you guys have done to. Make this happen make this happen make this happen and as we've reflected on it we also. And as we've reflected on it we also and as we've reflected on it we also thought about what are some of the. Thought about what are some of the thought about what are some of the pillars that we need to put in play to. Pillars that we need to put in play to pillars that we need to put in play to help us to say yes this is the thing. Help us to say yes this is the thing help us to say yes this is the thing that we should do and then to help us to. That we should do and then to help us to that we should do and then to help us to. Say nope we shouldn't do this thing it's say nope we shouldn't do this thing it's. Say nope we shouldn't do this thing it's not consistent with what we need to not consistent with what we need to. Not consistent with what we need to focus on so we put these pillars focus on so we put these pillars. Focus on so we put these pillars together and we're gonna flush them out together and we're gonna flush them out. Together and we're gonna flush them out as an organization in more detail so as an organization in more detail so. As an organization in more detail so that we can put our own sort of goals that we can put our own sort of goals. That we can put our own sort of goals and operational support behind them but and operational support behind them but. And operational support behind them but this is how we want to be seen we want this is how we want to be seen we want. This is how we want to be seen we want to be the blockchain that people know to be the blockchain that people know. To be the blockchain that people know and trust not for our own good but for and trust not for our own good but for. And trust not for our own good but for the good of all of you we want you to be the good of all of you we want you to be. The good of all of you we want you to be comfortable building on it and knowing comfortable building on it and knowing. Comfortable building on it and knowing that you're gonna be able to answer to that you're gonna be able to answer to. That you're gonna be able to answer to whatever regulatory bodies you need to whatever regulatory bodies you need to. Whatever regulatory bodies you need to answer to we want you to feel answer to we want you to feel. Answer to we want you to feel comfortable knowing that you can trust comfortable knowing that you can trust. Comfortable knowing that you can trust the network and that therefore you can the network and that therefore you can. The network and that therefore you can tell others - we want to ensure tell others - we want to ensure. Tell others - we want to ensure robustness and usability of Stellar robustness and usability of Stellar. Robustness and usability of Stellar robustness and come encapsulate so many robustness and come encapsulate so many. Robustness and come encapsulate so many things security stability scalability things security stability scalability. Things security stability scalability all of those pieces foster and develop all of those pieces foster and develop. All of those pieces foster and develop real sustainable use case Stellar use real sustainable use case Stellar use. Real sustainable use case Stellar use cases so some of these will do ourselves cases so some of these will do ourselves. Cases so some of these will do ourselves a lot of them you're gonna do and we're a lot of them you're gonna do and we're. A lot of them you're gonna do and we're gonna help you and we're gonna help you gonna help you and we're gonna help you. Gonna help you and we're gonna help you in ways that we have we're gonna help in ways that we have we're gonna help. In ways that we have we're gonna help you by marketing in ways that we maybe you by marketing in ways that we maybe. You by marketing in ways that we maybe haven't because we want this to be haven't because we want this to be. Haven't because we want this to be successful so these are our pillars successful so these are our pillars. Successful so these are our pillars these are the things that we think we these are the things that we think we. These are the things that we think we need to focus on and we think that these need to focus on and we think that these. Need to focus on and we think that these things can actually help us say no too things can actually help us say no too. Things can actually help us say no too many things so many things so many things so. Now how do you make the plan happen so now how do you make the plan happen so now how do you make the plan happen so. Let's first focus on our resources let's first focus on our resources let's first focus on our resources. Whenever we spend money at SDF whether whenever we spend money at SDF whether whenever we spend money at SDF whether. It's to hire an engineer to put together it's to hire an engineer to put together. It's to hire an engineer to put together a marketing campaign to do any of those a marketing campaign to do any of those. A marketing campaign to do any of those things we have to ask ourselves is this things we have to ask ourselves is this. Things we have to ask ourselves is this spent moving us closer to the adoption spent moving us closer to the adoption. Spent moving us closer to the adoption of Stellar as the global payment of Stellar as the global payment. Of Stellar as the global payment standard we consider that every time standard we consider that every time. Standard we consider that every time that we do this so this is our question that we do this so this is our question. That we do this so this is our question that we ask ourselves every hire that we that we ask ourselves every hire that we. That we ask ourselves every hire that we make all the different things that we do. Make all the different things that we do make all the different things that we do. In the organization and then we think in the organization and then we think in the organization and then we think. About our resources and as many of you about our resources and as many of you about our resources and as many of you. Know this is what our resources looked know this is what our resources looked know this is what our resources looked. Like before I started this talk so there like before I started this talk so there. Like before I started this talk so there were a hundred and five billion lumens were a hundred and five billion lumens. Were a hundred and five billion lumens that existed in the world 20 of them that existed in the world 20 of them. That existed in the world 20 of them were out in the world 17 wherefore were out in the world 17 wherefore. Were out in the world 17 wherefore sellers for SDF s operations and 68 were sellers for SDF s operations and 68 were. Sellers for SDF s operations and 68 were reserved for the giveaway programs that reserved for the giveaway programs that. Reserved for the giveaway programs that were administered by the the SDF so were administered by the the SDF so. Were administered by the the SDF so Stellar isn't mind as most of you here Stellar isn't mind as most of you here. Stellar isn't mind as most of you here know so the lumens that are now in the know so the lumens that are now in the. Know so the lumens that are now in the public hands are in the public hands public hands are in the public hands. Public hands are in the public hands because we worked really hard to get because we worked really hard to get. Because we worked really hard to get them in the public hands and we did that them in the public hands and we did that. Them in the public hands and we did that over the last four and a half years as over the last four and a half years as. Over the last four and a half years as for the other two allocations there's for the other two allocations there's. For the other two allocations there's been lots of thought about how we can been lots of thought about how we can. Been lots of thought about how we can distribute these and how we need to work distribute these and how we need to work. Distribute these and how we need to work on them but the network and the on them but the network and the. On them but the network and the community around Stellar are different community around Stellar are different. Community around Stellar are different than they were when we first started than they were when we first started. Than they were when we first started they're much more robust and SDF can they're much more robust and SDF can. They're much more robust and SDF can carry less weight now because of the way carry less weight now because of the way. Carry less weight now because of the way or the network is so we're just a piece or the network is so we're just a piece. Or the network is so we're just a piece of a much larger larger whole and the of a much larger larger whole and the. Of a much larger larger whole and the funds that we use that we have need to funds that we use that we have need to. Funds that we use that we have need to reflect that and so right before this reflect that and so right before this. Reflect that and so right before this talk we burned 50 billion lumens and the way that that breaks down is. And the way that that breaks down is that we burned five billion lumens from that we burned five billion lumens from. That we burned five billion lumens from the SDF operating fund so we have 12 the SDF operating fund so we have 12. The SDF operating fund so we have 12 billion there today or now we also billion there today or now we also. Billion there today or now we also eliminated the Stellar world giveaway eliminated the Stellar world giveaway. Eliminated the Stellar world giveaway program and the partnership program and program and the partnership program and. Program and the partnership program and so 50 of those 68 billion lumens were so 50 of those 68 billion lumens were. So 50 of those 68 billion lumens were also burnt so these are the remaining also burnt so these are the remaining. Also burnt so these are the remaining SDF lumens that exist as of this talk so we believe that the number of lumens. So we believe that the number of lumens now better aligns with our mission we're now better aligns with our mission we're. Now better aligns with our mission we're not gonna burn any more lumens that's an. Not gonna burn any more lumens that's an not gonna burn any more lumens that's an. Important point so all told as of now important point so all told as of now important point so all told as of now. There are 50 billion lumens that exist there are 50 billion lumens that exist there are 50 billion lumens that exist. In the world approximately 30 billion in the world approximately 30 billion in the world approximately 30 billion. Are in the hands of SDF and I'm going to are in the hands of SDF and I'm going to. Are in the hands of SDF and I'm going to go through how we broke those out and 20. Go through how we broke those out and 20 go through how we broke those out and 20. Billion remain in the public this new billion remain in the public this new billion remain in the public this new. Mandate reflects our desire to do more mandate reflects our desire to do more mandate reflects our desire to do more. Of what has worked at SDF and for of what has worked at SDF and for of what has worked at SDF and for. Stellar and less of what hasn't worked Stellar and less of what hasn't worked Stellar and less of what hasn't worked. So let's dive a little deeper into this so let's dive a little deeper into this so let's dive a little deeper into this. From an operation standpoint you know it from an operation standpoint you know it. From an operation standpoint you know it wasn't until really this year that we wasn't until really this year that we. Wasn't until really this year that we started hiring human capital which started hiring human capital which. Started hiring human capital which frankly is the most important capital frankly is the most important capital. Frankly is the most important capital that we have at the SDF it's the team of that we have at the SDF it's the team of. That we have at the SDF it's the team of 55 people that do all of the work to 55 people that do all of the work to. 55 people that do all of the work to help to support Stellar and so many of help to support Stellar and so many of. Help to support Stellar and so many of the folks that were out there in the the folks that were out there in the. The folks that were out there in the world that would have before maybe world that would have before maybe. World that would have before maybe received grants partnership grants are received grants partnership grants are. Received grants partnership grants are now employees of the SDF and are now employees of the SDF and are. Now employees of the SDF and are committed to the mission of Stellar I'm committed to the mission of Stellar I'm. Committed to the mission of Stellar I'm excusing the mission of the SDF and to excusing the mission of the SDF and to. Excusing the mission of the SDF and to support Stellar and so we're going to support Stellar and so we're going to. Support Stellar and so we're going to continue to exercise that same standard continue to exercise that same standard. Continue to exercise that same standard that I mentioned before which is just that I mentioned before which is just. That I mentioned before which is just spending this lumen on our operations on spending this lumen on our operations on. Spending this lumen on our operations on the human capital on the office space on. The human capital on the office space on the human capital on the office space on. Marketing on all of these different marketing on all of these different marketing on all of these different. Things that we need to do are they is it things that we need to do are they is it. Things that we need to do are they is it moving us closer to Stellar becoming the. Moving us closer to Stellar becoming the moving us closer to Stellar becoming the. Global payment standard so we're going global payment standard so we're going global payment standard so we're going. To continue to do that with the 12 to continue to do that with the 12 to continue to do that with the 12. Billion lumens that we have we're also billion lumens that we have we're also billion lumens that we have we're also. Going to and we actually are going to going to and we actually are going to going to and we actually are going to. Issue a blog post right at the end of issue a blog post right at the end of issue a blog post right at the end of. This talk which has a lot more detail so this talk which has a lot more detail so. This talk which has a lot more detail so that you can read about it but we're that you can read about it but we're. That you can read about it but we're also going to lock these lumens up for also going to lock these lumens up for. Also going to lock these lumens up for three billion a year for the next four three billion a year for the next four. Three billion a year for the next four years so that the SDF lumens that we use years so that the SDF lumens that we use. Years so that the SDF lumens that we use for operations will release in for operations will release in. For operations will release in mechanism over that time period so let's mechanism over that time period so let's. Mechanism over that time period so let's talk about the partnerships what was talk about the partnerships what was. Talk about the partnerships what was previously the partnerships program previously the partnerships program. Previously the partnerships program we've broken that up into two so we have we've broken that up into two so we have. We've broken that up into two so we have the ecosystem support we have a lot of the ecosystem support we have a lot of. The ecosystem support we have a lot of great work that's been done with respect great work that's been done with respect. Great work that's been done with respect to infrastructure grants and the to infrastructure grants and the. To infrastructure grants and the community fund and those are going to community fund and those are going to. Community fund and those are going to continue with 1 billion of the lumens continue with 1 billion of the lumens. Continue with 1 billion of the lumens that we have now I should have also said that we have now I should have also said. That we have now I should have also said that each of these are going to be set that each of these are going to be set. That each of these are going to be set in accounts that are going to be public in accounts that are going to be public. In accounts that are going to be public so that folks can see them and you can so that folks can see them and you can. So that folks can see them and you can see when lumens are being utilized for see when lumens are being utilized for. See when lumens are being utilized for these different projects or these these different projects or these. These different projects or these different programs that we have and so different programs that we have and so. Different programs that we have and so we also have currency support for things we also have currency support for things. We also have currency support for things like anchors or supporting the quiddity like anchors or supporting the quiddity. Like anchors or supporting the quiddity in the market these are things that'll in the market these are things that'll. In the market these are things that'll come out of a currency support bucket of come out of a currency support bucket of. Come out of a currency support bucket of 1 billion and then we have this new 1 billion and then we have this new. 1 billion and then we have this new program that is the use case investment program that is the use case investment. Program that is the use case investment where we've set aside ten billion xlm where we've set aside ten billion xlm. Where we've set aside ten billion xlm and what that's for is 2 billion of it and what that's for is 2 billion of it. And what that's for is 2 billion of it will be used for the SDF to be able to will be used for the SDF to be able to. Will be used for the SDF to be able to build new products and use cases as we build new products and use cases as we. Build new products and use cases as we help to fill in pieces of the network help to fill in pieces of the network. Help to fill in pieces of the network that we think need the support and we'll that we think need the support and we'll. That we think need the support and we'll also that'll also show that will also also that'll also show that will also. Also that'll also show that will also have its own account and be visible to have its own account and be visible to. Have its own account and be visible to folks as they go through it as we start folks as they go through it as we start. Folks as they go through it as we start using the funds and then the Enterprise using the funds and then the Enterprise. Using the funds and then the Enterprise Fund which is a slight twist and I think Fund which is a slight twist and I think. Fund which is a slight twist and I think a better way to think about partnership a better way to think about partnership. A better way to think about partnership grants because what we can do with this grants because what we can do with this. Grants because what we can do with this Enterprise Fund now is we can actually Enterprise Fund now is we can actually. Enterprise Fund now is we can actually take equity in companies we can acquire take equity in companies we can acquire. Take equity in companies we can acquire companies and we can hold them as part companies and we can hold them as part. Companies and we can hold them as part of this enterprise fund but we can of this enterprise fund but we can. Of this enterprise fund but we can actually have more control and ability actually have more control and ability. Actually have more control and ability to dictate what happens with respect to to dictate what happens with respect to. To dictate what happens with respect to Stellar and their use of Stellar and the Stellar and their use of Stellar and the. Stellar and their use of Stellar and the movement of those companies in to an on movement of those companies in to an on. Movement of those companies in to an on to the Stellar network so our intention to the Stellar network so our intention. To the Stellar network so our intention is and then the and then any companies is and then the and then any companies. Is and then the and then any companies that we acquire will be held in the name that we acquire will be held in the name. That we acquire will be held in the name of SDF but it'll all return back into of SDF but it'll all return back into. Of SDF but it'll all return back into this enterprise fund any monies that are this enterprise fund any monies that are. This enterprise fund any monies that are that are collected as a result of it that are collected as a result of it. That are collected as a result of it remember we're a non-profit or a non remember we're a non-profit or a non. Remember we're a non-profit or a non shareholder so there's no entity there's shareholder so there's no entity there's. Shareholder so there's no entity there's no one person here no one person here no one person here. Who gets access to any of the dividends who gets access to any of the dividends who gets access to any of the dividends. From this but these are I think this is from this but these are I think this is from this but these are I think this is. A really interesting way for us to be a really interesting way for us to be a really interesting way for us to be. Able to help to support the ecosystem in able to help to support the ecosystem in. Able to help to support the ecosystem in a different and new way and then the old giveaway program which. And then the old giveaway program which frankly I think had some really frankly I think had some really. Frankly I think had some really wonderful success but again like to get wonderful success but again like to get. Wonderful success but again like to get the sixty eight more billion lumens out the sixty eight more billion lumens out. The sixty eight more billion lumens out there in the world it was just going to there in the world it was just going to. There in the world it was just going to be hard given what we've already seen be hard given what we've already seen. Be hard given what we've already seen and the challenge that the challenges and the challenge that the challenges. And the challenge that the challenges that we faced some of them just that we faced some of them just. That we faced some of them just technical challenges and some of them technical challenges and some of them. Technical challenges and some of them just getting them into the hands of just getting them into the hands of. Just getting them into the hands of humans humans humans well four billion of those are going to. Well four billion of those are going to well four billion of those are going to continue to go into the hands of humans. Continue to go into the hands of humans continue to go into the hands of humans we're gonna focus on using applications. We're gonna focus on using applications we're gonna focus on using applications that are out there building on Stellar. That are out there building on Stellar that are out there building on Stellar those we can put funds into those. Those we can put funds into those those we can put funds into those applications so that they can actually. Applications so that they can actually applications so that they can actually just get into human hands and be useful. Just get into human hands and be useful just get into human hands and be useful to the network and to all of your work. To the network and to all of your work to the network and to all of your work that you're doing so that's that part of. That you're doing so that's that part of that you're doing so that's that part of. It and then the two billion as I it and then the two billion as I it and then the two billion as I. Mentioned is marketing support and mentioned is marketing support and mentioned is marketing support and. That's marketing for Stellar but also that's marketing for Stellar but also that's marketing for Stellar but also. Marketing for the partnerships that come marketing for the partnerships that come. Marketing for the partnerships that come and build on Stellar those businesses and build on Stellar those businesses. And build on Stellar those businesses those developers who are focused on those developers who are focused on. Those developers who are focused on building on Stellar we're gonna work building on Stellar we're gonna work. Building on Stellar we're gonna work with them you all of you we're gonna with them you all of you we're gonna. With them you all of you we're gonna partner with you to actually promote all partner with you to actually promote all. Partner with you to actually promote all the work that you're doing so that's the work that you're doing so that's. The work that you're doing so that's what that's gonna go so here is what it what that's gonna go so here is what it. What that's gonna go so here is what it looks like again and again there will be looks like again and again there will be. Looks like again and again there will be a blog post too so that you can take a a blog post too so that you can take a. A blog post too so that you can take a look at it again this isn't the last look at it again this isn't the last. Look at it again this isn't the last time you'll see this and then a one time you'll see this and then a one. Time you'll see this and then a one question that I think we're gonna have question that I think we're gonna have. Question that I think we're gonna have to answer is why burn it all well we to answer is why burn it all well we. To answer is why burn it all well we didn't start by saying we wanted to burn didn't start by saying we wanted to burn. Didn't start by saying we wanted to burn we actually started by saying what do we. We actually started by saying what do we we actually started by saying what do we. Need need need what does Stellar need and what is SDF what does Stellar need and what is SDF. What does Stellar need and what is SDF need to be able to provide those things need to be able to provide those things. Need to be able to provide those things to Stellar we had a very focused to Stellar we had a very focused. To Stellar we had a very focused arrangement around only keeping what we arrangement around only keeping what we. Arrangement around only keeping what we actually could use because part of the actually could use because part of the. Actually could use because part of the challenge that we've had and this this challenge that we've had and this this. Challenge that we've had and this this this weight not just on Stellar but the this weight not just on Stellar but the. This weight not just on Stellar but the ecosystem was it as much as we wanted to ecosystem was it as much as we wanted to. Ecosystem was it as much as we wanted to use the lumens that we held it was very use the lumens that we held it was very. Use the lumens that we held it was very hard to get them into the market so that hard to get them into the market so that. Hard to get them into the market so that was the first premise of why burn at all. Was the first premise of why burn at all was the first premise of why burn at all. And the second one is you don't derive a and the second one is you don't derive a. And the second one is you don't derive a plan from some arbitrary number and so plan from some arbitrary number and so. Plan from some arbitrary number and so if we just took the 105 billion lumens if we just took the 105 billion lumens. If we just took the 105 billion lumens and then tried to derive a plan from it and then tried to derive a plan from it. And then tried to derive a plan from it that just doesn't that just doesn't that just doesn't. Like that's actually feeding the need like that's actually feeding the need like that's actually feeding the need. That we have to do for the ecosystem and that we have to do for the ecosystem and. That we have to do for the ecosystem and so we really thought we did a bottoms-up. So we really thought we did a bottoms-up so we really thought we did a bottoms-up. Analysis and we thought what is it that analysis and we thought what is it that analysis and we thought what is it that. We need and then how do we get there so we need and then how do we get there so we need and then how do we get there so. That's how we approached it and we were that's how we approached it and we were that's how we approached it and we were. Very careful in terms of plotting the very careful in terms of plotting the very careful in terms of plotting the. Next ten years so now that we have our next ten years so now that we have our next ten years so now that we have our. Mission we have our pillars these mission we have our pillars these mission we have our pillars these. Strategic pillars that can help us to strategic pillars that can help us to strategic pillars that can help us to. Say yes and no and we have all of you say yes and no and we have all of you say yes and no and we have all of you. And all the work that you're doing and and all the work that you're doing and and all the work that you're doing and. We have right size the amount of capital we have right size the amount of capital. We have right size the amount of capital that we have available to us and to the that we have available to us and to the. That we have available to us and to the ecosystem we feel we're like we're ecosystem we feel we're like we're. Ecosystem we feel we're like we're poised for success so I want to say poised for success so I want to say. Poised for success so I want to say again thank you to all of you for coming again thank you to all of you for coming. Again thank you to all of you for coming here to Mexico City to join us at here to Mexico City to join us at. Here to Mexico City to join us at Meridian thank you for being a part of Meridian thank you for being a part of. Meridian thank you for being a part of our ecosystem there are any naysayers our ecosystem there are any naysayers. Our ecosystem there are any naysayers out there in the crowd I'm happy to talk out there in the crowd I'm happy to talk. Out there in the crowd I'm happy to talk to you and convince you about the facts to you and convince you about the facts. To you and convince you about the facts the evidence and the momentum of us the evidence and the momentum of us. The evidence and the momentum of us moving forward because I'm convinced and moving forward because I'm convinced and. Moving forward because I'm convinced and we're going to call that an afternoon we're going to call that an afternoon. We're going to call that an afternoon    [Applause] so now I'm gonna bring Jed up here and. So now I'm gonna bring Jed up here and we're gonna allow questions if any of we're gonna allow questions if any of. We're gonna allow questions if any of you have questions we have about 10 you have questions we have about 10. You have questions we have about 10 minutes or so we're taking away your minutes or so we're taking away your. Minutes or so we're taking away your happy hour time but this is important we happy hour time but this is important we. Happy hour time but this is important we liked for Meridian to be an annual liked for Meridian to be an annual. Liked for Meridian to be an annual conference yes here's the microphone go ahead now that. Here's the microphone go ahead now that it's on target it's on target it's on target. Now that you have rice right sighs as now that you have rice right sighs as now that you have rice right sighs as. You said the amount of capital and you you said the amount of capital and you you said the amount of capital and you. Have vested those 12 billion over the have vested those 12 billion over the have vested those 12 billion over the. Next four years the natural question is next four years the natural question is next four years the natural question is. What happens after four years well I what happens after four years well I what happens after four years well I. Think that what we did is we blocked think that what we did is we blocked think that what we did is we blocked. Them up three billion a year for the them up three billion a year for the them up three billion a year for the. Next four years that doesn't mean next four years that doesn't mean next four years that doesn't mean. They're all gonna be put into the into they're all gonna be put into the into they're all gonna be put into the into. The public at that point but I mean the public at that point but I mean the public at that point but I mean. Honestly the goal of the SDF was to be honestly the goal of the SDF was to be honestly the goal of the SDF was to be. Able to put those out as quickly as able to put those out as quickly as able to put those out as quickly as. Possible and so if there's some way that possible and so if there's some way that. Possible and so if there's some way that we could get them out there that would we could get them out there that would. We could get them out there that would be beneficial to the network but the ten be beneficial to the network but the ten. Be beneficial to the network but the ten years like this you don't just blow all years like this you don't just blow all. Years like this you don't just blow all your capital in a four year period you your capital in a four year period you. Your capital in a four year period you got to think about Treasury gotta think got to think about Treasury gotta think. Got to think about Treasury gotta think about how you're gonna sustain an about how you're gonna sustain an. About how you're gonna sustain an organization like this so that's our job organization like this so that's our job. Organization like this so that's our job like to figure that part out it doesn't like to figure that part out it doesn't. Like to figure that part out it doesn't mean four years from now that before mean four years from now that before. Mean four years from now that before four years from now we just say all four years from now we just say all. Four years from now we just say all right we're closing it down right we're closing it down. Right we're closing it down absolutely not we're in this for the absolutely not we're in this for the. Absolutely not we're in this for the long haul but we just need to think long haul but we just need to think. Long haul but we just need to think about how we're gonna do that towards about how we're gonna do that towards. About how we're gonna do that towards the future one of the most important parts of. One of the most important parts of Stellar's that decentralized exchange Stellar's that decentralized exchange. Stellar's that decentralized exchange but I think the liquidity so low that but I think the liquidity so low that. But I think the liquidity so low that boosted up there any plans to boosted up there any plans to. Boosted up there any plans to incentivize market makers we actually incentivize market makers we actually. Incentivize market makers we actually already started making a market between already started making a market between. Already started making a market between Nigeria and the US and we have that's Nigeria and the US and we have that's. Nigeria and the US and we have that's part of the liquidity piece that I part of the liquidity piece that I. Part of the liquidity piece that I mentioned in the end points yeah I mean mentioned in the end points yeah I mean. Mentioned in the end points yeah I mean I mean we try to incentivize that to I mean we try to incentivize that to. I mean we try to incentivize that to some degree I mean a lot of it will come some degree I mean a lot of it will come. Some degree I mean a lot of it will come from just getting more users on from just getting more users on. From just getting more users on exchanges like Stellar port or Stellar X exchanges like Stellar port or Stellar X. Exchanges like Stellar port or Stellar X things like that but yeah it's it's a things like that but yeah it's it's a. Things like that but yeah it's it's a process so so several years ago you made process so so several years ago you made. Process so so several years ago you made a concerted effort to not perform a concerted effort to not perform. A concerted effort to not perform non-for-profit I think all of us agree non-for-profit I think all of us agree. Non-for-profit I think all of us agree that was the perfectly right decision so that was the perfectly right decision so. That was the perfectly right decision so what do you think isn't the biggest what do you think isn't the biggest. What do you think isn't the biggest challenge and opportunity going forward challenge and opportunity going forward. Challenge and opportunity going forward to actually create an open financial to actually create an open financial. To actually create an open financial global system well there's a lot of global system well there's a lot of. Global system well there's a lot of challenges I mean it's obviously that's challenges I mean it's obviously that's. Challenges I mean it's obviously that's a very big mission I mean I think one of a very big mission I mean I think one of. A very big mission I mean I think one of the first things that we're trying to the first things that we're trying to. The first things that we're trying to address is how do we achieve Network address is how do we achieve Network. Address is how do we achieve Network effects because this technology is not effects because this technology is not. Effects because this technology is not very useful unless there's a lot of very useful unless there's a lot of. Very useful unless there's a lot of different participants so how do we get different participants so how do we get. Different participants so how do we get the first use cases on and that that's a the first use cases on and that that's a. The first use cases on and that that's a lot of what we'll talk about tomorrow so. Lot of what we'll talk about tomorrow so lot of what we'll talk about tomorrow so. Yeah I think that the we call it the yeah I think that the we call it the yeah I think that the we call it the. Chicken and egg problem is the largest chicken and egg problem is the largest chicken and egg problem is the largest. Problem but I feel I don't know and problem but I feel I don't know and problem but I feel I don't know and. Maybe I'm just drinking my own kool-aid maybe I'm just drinking my own kool-aid maybe I'm just drinking my own kool-aid. Here but I do feel like we're on the here but I do feel like we're on the here but I do feel like we're on the. Precipice of success for all of those precipice of success for all of those precipice of success for all of those. Things and then you just need to get things and then you just need to get things and then you just need to get. User adoption so I feel like we all can user adoption so I feel like we all can user adoption so I feel like we all can. Come together to try to make that happen come together to try to make that happen. Come together to try to make that happen but I do think it's this whole network but I do think it's this whole network. But I do think it's this whole network like building the network in a way that like building the network in a way that. Like building the network in a way that is gonna bring everybody to the table at is gonna bring everybody to the table at. Is gonna bring everybody to the table at the same time it seems like Global the same time it seems like Global. The same time it seems like Global payment rail and remittances are kind of payment rail and remittances are kind of. Payment rail and remittances are kind of the Courtney's case tellers have been the Courtney's case tellers have been. The Courtney's case tellers have been solving very well I was attracted to it solving very well I was attracted to it. Solving very well I was attracted to it because of the developer Doc's thought because of the developer Doc's thought. Because of the developer Doc's thought they were phenomenal so what do you guys they were phenomenal so what do you guys. They were phenomenal so what do you guys hope to see the community develop from hope to see the community develop from. Hope to see the community develop from maybe a consumer application or what are maybe a consumer application or what are. Maybe a consumer application or what are some non remittances or Global payment some non remittances or Global payment. Some non remittances or Global payment style apps that you'd like to see built yeah I mean there's a whole host of. Yeah I mean there's a whole host of things you can do on Stellar and I think things you can do on Stellar and I think. Things you can do on Stellar and I think one of the most exciting things for me one of the most exciting things for me. One of the most exciting things for me is like like hearing about projects that is like like hearing about projects that. Is like like hearing about projects that I didn't anticipate or imagined before I didn't anticipate or imagined before. I didn't anticipate or imagined before like for instance today someone showed like for instance today someone showed. Like for instance today someone showed me this app where you can have people me this app where you can have people. Me this app where you can have people bid on advertising it in a space like we bid on advertising it in a space like we. Bid on advertising it in a space like we could have a thing here and people could. Could have a thing here and people could could have a thing here and people could. Like bid on it and things like that like like bid on it and things like that like. Like bid on it and things like that like just kind of novel things that you don't. Just kind of novel things that you don't just kind of novel things that you don't. Really think of it or not that easy to really think of it or not that easy to really think of it or not that easy to. Do prior to Stellar world so I don't do prior to Stellar world so I don't do prior to Stellar world so I don't. Really have anything in particular in really have anything in particular in really have anything in particular in. Mind other than just I know that I'll be mind other than just I know that I'll be. Mind other than just I know that I'll be surprised by the people that the things surprised by the people that the things. Surprised by the people that the things that people build on there and I'm that people build on there and I'm. That people build on there and I'm excited by that so so I think one of the excited by that so so I think one of the. Excited by that so so I think one of the things we could do better from the things we could do better from the. Things we could do better from the community standpoint is because I don't community standpoint is because I don't. Community standpoint is because I don't have an application in specific but I have an application in specific but I. Have an application in specific but I think the community working together to think the community working together to. Think the community working together to get to know more of what's happening in get to know more of what's happening in. Get to know more of what's happening in the community because I actually think the community because I actually think. The community because I actually think that all of you can support one another that all of you can support one another. That all of you can support one another once you find out what's happening on once you find out what's happening on. Once you find out what's happening on Stellar like this thing that he just Stellar like this thing that he just. Stellar like this thing that he just heard about like we can actually build heard about like we can actually build. Heard about like we can actually build those things together so we're gonna do those things together so we're gonna do. Those things together so we're gonna do our own brand of like bringing the our own brand of like bringing the. Our own brand of like bringing the community together but I do think it's community together but I do think it's. Community together but I do think it's like being inquisitive as I mentioned like being inquisitive as I mentioned. Like being inquisitive as I mentioned this morning why do people build on this morning why do people build on. This morning why do people build on Stellar is a good question to ask but Stellar is a good question to ask but. Stellar is a good question to ask but also what are they building and I think also what are they building and I think. Also what are they building and I think once you find that out you can see that once you find that out you can see that. Once you find that out you can see that that network effect happens when you that network effect happens when you. That network effect happens when you actually think about it from the actually think about it from the. Actually think about it from the community standpoint all right so we've been part of the. All right so we've been part of the community since 2016 and we've built a community since 2016 and we've built a. Community since 2016 and we've built a platform on top of Stellar now we are platform on top of Stellar now we are. Platform on top of Stellar now we are based in London originally we've just based in London originally we've just. Based in London originally we've just relocated to Amsterdam and one of the relocated to Amsterdam and one of the. Relocated to Amsterdam and one of the things we still keep getting when we things we still keep getting when we. Things we still keep getting when we attend events or networking events in attend events or networking events in. Attend events or networking events in space is we mentioned were built on space is we mentioned were built on. Space is we mentioned were built on Stellar and many people go like why Stellar and many people go like why. Stellar and many people go like why Stellar and or we got the what is Stellar and or we got the what is. Stellar and or we got the what is Stellar is there any plan in the market Stellar is there any plan in the market. Stellar is there any plan in the market in for more like standardized or like I in for more like standardized or like I. In for more like standardized or like I guess a better arrangement for companies guess a better arrangement for companies. Guess a better arrangement for companies such as ours or even though the such as ours or even though the. Such as ours or even though the developers who actually are attending developers who actually are attending. Developers who actually are attending events or want arrange events to sort of events or want arrange events to sort of. Events or want arrange events to sort of promote Stellar with official support promote Stellar with official support. Promote Stellar with official support from the SDF yeah I mean that's part of from the SDF yeah I mean that's part of. From the SDF yeah I mean that's part of the marketing piece it's also just part the marketing piece it's also just part. The marketing piece it's also just part of the questions that we need to ask of the questions that we need to ask. Of the questions that we need to ask ourselves at SDF and ask all of you as I ourselves at SDF and ask all of you as I. Ourselves at SDF and ask all of you as I just mentioned why build on Stellar it's. Just mentioned why build on Stellar it's just mentioned why build on Stellar it's. Different for every different like a use different for every different like a use. Different for every different like a use case it's different as to the why there case it's different as to the why there. Case it's different as to the why there are some things that are consistent you are some things that are consistent you. Are some things that are consistent you know the speed the security the know the speed the security the. Know the speed the security the scalability all those things are scalability all those things are. Scalability all those things are consistent but we need to figure out consistent but we need to figure out. Consistent but we need to figure out like what is the use kit why does it like what is the use kit why does it. Like what is the use kit why does it work for your use case and we need to work for your use case and we need to. Work for your use case and we need to promote that and so get people talking promote that and so get people talking. Promote that and so get people talking about that so that is part of the work about that so that is part of the work. About that so that is part of the work of our chief marketing officer that we of our chief marketing officer that we. Of our chief marketing officer that we just hired super happy he actually just just hired super happy he actually just. Just hired super happy he actually just we closed the hire on Saturday and he is we closed the hire on Saturday and he is. We closed the hire on Saturday and he is going to start on Wednesday so we'll going to start on Wednesday so we'll. Going to start on Wednesday so we'll have a lot of focus on that and and have a lot of focus on that and and. Have a lot of focus on that and and we'll have it in materials that you that we'll have it in materials that you that. We'll have it in materials that you that everyone can use it's not secret to us everyone can use it's not secret to us. Everyone can use it's not secret to us this is like beneficial for the this is like beneficial for the. This is like beneficial for the ecosystem at large so we want to help ecosystem at large so we want to help. Ecosystem at large so we want to help you with that I guess ah could you tell us a little. I guess ah could you tell us a little bit more how does the regulatory bit more how does the regulatory. Bit more how does the regulatory thinking fit into some of the roadmap thinking fit into some of the roadmap. Thinking fit into some of the roadmap and the plans for for Stellar and the plans for for Stellar. And the plans for for Stellar interstellar I would be curious to hear interstellar I would be curious to hear. Interstellar I would be curious to hear a little bit more about some of the a little bit more about some of the. A little bit more about some of the potential hurdles did you foresee and potential hurdles did you foresee and. Potential hurdles did you foresee and what are you doing to to address those what are you doing to to address those. What are you doing to to address those so I'll start and Judd can jump in on so I'll start and Judd can jump in on. So I'll start and Judd can jump in on this like from the standpoint of this like from the standpoint of. This like from the standpoint of regulatory like part of the hurdle that regulatory like part of the hurdle that. Regulatory like part of the hurdle that we have is that we actually haven't done we have is that we actually haven't done. We have is that we actually haven't done the best job of it before when we go and. The best job of it before when we go and the best job of it before when we go and. We've spent I think we've gone to DC now we've spent I think we've gone to DC now. We've spent I think we've gone to DC now since I've been here I think four times since I've been here I think four times. Since I've been here I think four times three or four times and when we do and three or four times and when we do and. Three or four times and when we do and we talk to policymakers and regulators we talk to policymakers and regulators. We talk to policymakers and regulators and this is just in DC and we need to and this is just in DC and we need to. And this is just in DC and we need to actually make this global because it's actually make this global because it's. Actually make this global because it's not just this government that's not just this government that's. Not just this government that's important in the United States it's important in the United States it's. Important in the United States it's actually other governments that are actually other governments that are. Actually other governments that are equally important but when we do and we equally important but when we do and we. Equally important but when we do and we talk to them about Stellar and the talk to them about Stellar and the. Talk to them about Stellar and the differences and just even the structural differences and just even the structural. Differences and just even the structural difference between what SDF is and then difference between what SDF is and then. Difference between what SDF is and then what Stellar is and what Stellar does what Stellar is and what Stellar does. What Stellar is and what Stellar does it's kind of like a light bulb to them it's kind of like a light bulb to them. It's kind of like a light bulb to them because it's unique one of the things because it's unique one of the things. Because it's unique one of the things that I learned when I was at Mozilla that I learned when I was at Mozilla. That I learned when I was at Mozilla that was really important is that when I that was really important is that when I. That was really important is that when I would talk to regulators and I spent a would talk to regulators and I spent a. Would talk to regulators and I spent a lot of my career doing that and lot of my career doing that and. Lot of my career doing that and policymakers it was from the standpoint policymakers it was from the standpoint. Policymakers it was from the standpoint of an entity that cared not just about of an entity that cared not just about. Of an entity that cared not just about its own products but an entity that its own products but an entity that. Its own products but an entity that cared about the ecosystem at large so cared about the ecosystem at large so. Cared about the ecosystem at large so the web and by the way we also were the web and by the way we also were. The web and by the way we also were building a consumer product in the building a consumer product in the. Building a consumer product in the market and so it was helpful from the market and so it was helpful from the. Market and so it was helpful from the regulatory bodies for them to understand regulatory bodies for them to understand. Regulatory bodies for them to understand that we have a very similar look and that we have a very similar look and. That we have a very similar look and feel here we are a non-profit we have feel here we are a non-profit we have. Feel here we are a non-profit we have the notion of not just like the success the notion of not just like the success. The notion of not just like the success of SDF because frankly SDF would be of SDF because frankly SDF would be. Of SDF because frankly SDF would be nothing if Stellar wasn't successful and nothing if Stellar wasn't successful and. Nothing if Stellar wasn't successful and so we have the focus on what Stellar is so we have the focus on what Stellar is. So we have the focus on what Stellar is which is all of you and so I think that which is all of you and so I think that. Which is all of you and so I think that we have an opportunity to get through we have an opportunity to get through. We have an opportunity to get through the first regulatory hurdle which is the the first regulatory hurdle which is the. The first regulatory hurdle which is the education piece because as I said and education piece because as I said and. Education piece because as I said and just a little bit ago like I feel like just a little bit ago like I feel like. Just a little bit ago like I feel like so much of this is about blockchain and so much of this is about blockchain and. So much of this is about blockchain and the resistance to it is it because of the resistance to it is it because of. The resistance to it is it because of history and a little bit because of fear history and a little bit because of fear. History and a little bit because of fear of the word blockchain and then that of the word blockchain and then that. Of the word blockchain and then that cryptocurrency word gets thrown in there cryptocurrency word gets thrown in there. Cryptocurrency word gets thrown in there and everybody just doesn't know what to and everybody just doesn't know what to. And everybody just doesn't know what to do and so I think that it's these kinds do and so I think that it's these kinds. Do and so I think that it's these kinds of things that we need to talk through of things that we need to talk through. Of things that we need to talk through like the truth of the matter is the like the truth of the matter is the. Like the truth of the matter is the network layer doesn't have to be network layer doesn't have to be. Network layer doesn't have to be regulated and shouldn't it's very much regulated and shouldn't it's very much. Regulated and shouldn't it's very much like the Internet and all of the like the Internet and all of the. Like the Internet and all of the entities that touch via are already entities that touch via are already. Entities that touch via are already regulated and so we shouldn't have a lot regulated and so we shouldn't have a lot. Regulated and so we shouldn't have a lot of regulatory hurdles but of regulatory hurdles but. Of regulatory hurdles but the focus on consumer protection for the focus on consumer protection for. The focus on consumer protection for regulators not just in the US but regulators not just in the US but. Regulators not just in the US but outside and every other country is a big outside and every other country is a big. Outside and every other country is a big one and we need to tell them why that's one and we need to tell them why that's. One and we need to tell them why that's okay why consumers are going to be okay okay why consumers are going to be okay. Okay why consumers are going to be okay and we need to show that to them so one and we need to show that to them so one. And we need to show that to them so one of the things that we pointed to in the of the things that we pointed to in the. Of the things that we pointed to in the pillars is for us to focus on to be the pillars is for us to focus on to be the. Pillars is for us to focus on to be the blockchain people know and trust and blockchain people know and trust and. Blockchain people know and trust and that trust mechanism comes from also that trust mechanism comes from also. That trust mechanism comes from also getting governments to understand that getting governments to understand that. Getting governments to understand that we can be trusted also this network can we can be trusted also this network can. We can be trusted also this network can be trusted in the people that build on be trusted in the people that build on. Be trusted in the people that build on it have opportunity to be able to create it have opportunity to be able to create. It have opportunity to be able to create that trust with their consumers so I that trust with their consumers so I. That trust with their consumers so I feel like their hurdles but we can feel like their hurdles but we can. Feel like their hurdles but we can achieve them we can overcome them and achieve them we can overcome them and. Achieve them we can overcome them and then of course there's like regulation then of course there's like regulation. Then of course there's like regulation and we just need to focus on the right and we just need to focus on the right. And we just need to focus on the right regulation and really advocate for the regulation and really advocate for the. Regulation and really advocate for the good parts and explain why the bad parts good parts and explain why the bad parts. Good parts and explain why the bad parts don't work so kind of a different kind a. Don't work so kind of a different kind a don't work so kind of a different kind a. Different kind of question different kind of question different kind of question I would ask you if you could do you. I would ask you if you could do you I would ask you if you could do you consider yourself as being an. Consider yourself as being an consider yourself as being an environmentally friendly and responsible. Environmentally friendly and responsible environmentally friendly and responsible. Enterprise because of the fact that enterprise because of the fact that enterprise because of the fact that. You're doing something using a you're doing something using a you're doing something using a. Technology that an algorithm that is not technology that an algorithm that is not. Technology that an algorithm that is not as power consuming as Bitcoin or other as power consuming as Bitcoin or other. As power consuming as Bitcoin or other technologies yeah I mean I kind of think technologies yeah I mean I kind of think. Technologies yeah I mean I kind of think about that inverse where like the about that inverse where like the. About that inverse where like the default is to not you know burn you know default is to not you know burn you know. Default is to not you know burn you know tons and tons of coal or whatever kind tons and tons of coal or whatever kind. Tons and tons of coal or whatever kind of power needs to power the thing but of power needs to power the thing but. Of power needs to power the thing but yeah so I but we're definitely have way yeah so I but we're definitely have way. Yeah so I but we're definitely have way less environmental impact than something less environmental impact than something. Less environmental impact than something that requires mining I can't see I can't see. Okay now now okay okay okay I can't see like way up there I can't see like way up there. I can't see like way up there  this whole place is male-dominated if this whole place is male-dominated if. You're looking to do more marketing if you're looking to do more marketing if you're looking to do more marketing if. You're targeting mass adoption you're targeting mass adoption you're targeting mass adoption. You are missing half of the population you are missing half of the population you are missing half of the population. And how do you address the issue in a and how do you address the issue in a and how do you address the issue in a. Blocking space this is not just Stellar blocking space this is not just Stellar blocking space this is not just Stella. Conference this is just everywhere in conference this is just everywhere in conference this is just everywhere in. Blockchain obviously and maybe I don't blockchain obviously and maybe I don't blockchain obviously and maybe I don't. Have to say this obviously something have to say this obviously something have to say this obviously something. That's near and dear to my heart and that's near and dear to my heart and that's near and dear to my heart and. It's not just in blockchain it's it's not just in blockchain it's it's not just in blockchain it's. Actually in tech generally so I've actually in tech generally so I've actually in tech generally so I've. Experienced it for most of my career experienced it for most of my career experienced it for most of my career. So I'll just say at the SDF we're hyper so I'll just say at the SDF we're hyper so I'll just say at the SDF we're hyper. Focused on inclusiveness not just from a focused on inclusiveness not just from a. Focused on inclusiveness not just from a gender standpoint but from lots of gender standpoint but from lots of. Gender standpoint but from lots of different ways that we think about being different ways that we think about being. Different ways that we think about being inclusive and so we focused our hiring inclusive and so we focused our hiring. Inclusive and so we focused our hiring that way I think that we would love to that way I think that we would love to. That way I think that we would love to see more gender equality in this space see more gender equality in this space. See more gender equality in this space that's a lot of work that you guys need that's a lot of work that you guys need. That's a lot of work that you guys need to do she's right you look around here to do she's right you look around here. To do she's right you look around here not as many women as we would like to not as many women as we would like to. Not as many women as we would like to see we need to get that to be higher see we need to get that to be higher. See we need to get that to be higher we're gonna do our part to do that by we're gonna do our part to do that by. We're gonna do our part to do that by supporting all companies not companies supporting all companies not companies. Supporting all companies not companies that are just created and developed by that are just created and developed by. That are just created and developed by men but companies that are created and men but companies that are created and. Men but companies that are created and developed by women and every other kind developed by women and every other kind. Developed by women and every other kind of diversity that you can think of so of diversity that you can think of so. Of diversity that you can think of so that's our part but I think it's a I that's our part but I think it's a I. That's our part but I think it's a I think it's a request to all of you to do think it's a request to all of you to do. Think it's a request to all of you to do the same and I think that in order to the same and I think that in order to. The same and I think that in order to make this whole ecosystem better you do make this whole ecosystem better you do. Make this whole ecosystem better you do have to think representative of all the have to think representative of all the. Have to think representative of all the different players out there that are different players out there that are. Different players out there that are your ultimate consumers in the space and your ultimate consumers in the space and. Your ultimate consumers in the space and I gotta say women are an awful lot of I gotta say women are an awful lot of. I gotta say women are an awful lot of them so it's work that we can do them so it's work that we can do. Them so it's work that we can do collectively and we need to spend the collectively and we need to spend the. Collectively and we need to spend the time and effort to do that and we're time and effort to do that and we're. Time and effort to do that and we're gonna do it so I'm committed to that gonna do it so I'm committed to that. Gonna do it so I'm committed to that ourselves ourselves ourselves [Applause] [Applause]. [Applause]    all right thanks everyone all right thanks everyone. All right thanks everyone [Applause] alright alright thanks so much everybody alright alright thanks so much everybody. It's given us a lot to talk about over it's given us a lot to talk about over it's given us a lot to talk about over. Some drinks which you will find where some drinks which you will find where some drinks which you will find where. You had lunch thank you guys so much for you had lunch thank you guys so much for. You had lunch thank you guys so much for a very successful day one at Meridian a very successful day one at Meridian. A very successful day one at Meridian and I had a great time with networking and I had a great time with networking. And I had a great time with networking and drinks.
