Hello hello everyone welcome to Soroban talks I'm anujia I'm from the Stellar development foundation and I'm super. Excited to bring on our amazing Soroban developer Lee and our Deborah lead Tyler onto stream hi everyone hi friends. All right so this is Lee's first time on stream with me and also it's like my second stream and we're considering. Making this into a stream a series of some sort so if y'all want to do that let me know in the comments. because I would love to if y'all want to see me more on stream and Tyler on stream we can all alternate Tyler. But yeah hey everyone so we're gonna start off by playing a game of chrome Dino I don't know Tyler have you ever. Played Chrome Dino all the times that my internet goes down out here in the country. My score is still not very good but I do like a little Chrome Dino exactly so we're gonna start off by competing with. Lee Tyler and myself and see who gets the high score on Chrome Dyno and then we will jump. Right it's like ultimate beta switch we're gonna play Chrome dino games you're actually sorry we're just gonna. Start playing Chrome Dino and figure out who's the best from Dino Champion it's Stellar all right so Tyler I'm. Gonna let you start first and we're gonna see how you do oh my gosh we're not gonna do these. Concurrently all right here we go yeah we're gonna see who does we're all watching. Okay in the meantime it's gonna soak up all five minutes here I'm gonna start getting my practice in I don't think. It's gonna take all five minutes Tyler you can't be that good I don't know my skills oh. But hey Kanye Nest conniness wrath is in here there you go I'm using here and hello hello feeling stressed watching. This right that's I died there we go right when Raph said feeling stressed watching this Tyler. You know all right Lee are you ready for this I'm ready so 3 55 3 55. okay all. Right I'm frustrated there's two more zeros after that like people actually are getting that high. Foreign to it the double jump speaker busted Okay Tyler takes the eye I'm like. We'll have good RAF are you gonna make us an nft for whoever his high score on this. All right here we go wait why is it oh okay here's cactuses it's not even fair you have to run like. 100 feet before you even hit it all right all right all right we're getting there that additional like. Twinkle sound whenever you jump over or I guess whenever you get like a hundred or something. It's very stressful okay better than Lee I'm proud of that all right sweet so we could play another. Round or we could keep going I think we should just kick it off how do you feel about that yeah let's get rolling all. Right so a couple different announcements while we get settled in is basically today's stream will be. About one two things actually so we have an instant Dev environment set up for. Sorbon so if you're someone like me who is basically never touched Russ till Soroban started. and is just now getting started and has come from like a web to like react python background and you're like how do. I freaking get started on Russ well we have an answer for you rightly the get pod answer so we're gonna share that. Today with all of you and do a couple different demos with it and this is your. Chance to ask Soroban Dev Lee I keep saying that Lee I hope you're okay with me calling you the the Thor of on death. League but a q a with him I posted in our Discord a link and I will share that. Here as well but it's basically a link for you to put in your questions as you get them. You're also more than welcome to share them on the stream we'll see this chat on stream as well. so whatever works for you use it as you like and if you actually want to come on stream let me know in the. Chat on the Discord which is the hashtag live chat which is the live chat Channel and I. Will DM you the link to join us on stream actually and bring you on but that will be a bit later on straight so. I'll let Tyler kick it off go on go on in super yeah so as we mentioned last week I kind of dove. Into sort of on myself for the first time a couple weeks ago I was very intimidated by it I was. Also very busy and the the idea of trying to learn rust was kind of like no thanks think. I'll save that for later but necessity kind of pushed itself you know okay where everybody's learning. Sorobon now and this is kind of the thing that I've wanted ever since I found Stellar way way back and wanted to. Do something that Stellar didn't have an operation for the ability to have a smart contract. Running behind a single Stellar operation so we'll get into the nitty-gritty of exactly what's going on. But I found it to be far far easier to kind of get up and running than I thought it would be most of these rust. Smart contracts are actually really small compact a lot of your programming interfaces will actually. Be on the front end which is typical of smart contract development so it's not that hard and now that. We've introduced the get pod thing so I was like I was coming two weeks ago and then I found get pod and oh my goodness. like you just you just click a link and you have a full rust sarobon environment right inside your browser. It's it's the vs code editor which is the one I use every day anyway which is amazing which is kind of. This call out to we're going to be doing Stellar Quest anybody is familiar with Stellar Quest our next Stellar Quest is. Going to be a sarobon quest and it's going to be all done right inside of a git POG so we're not a Kanye we're not. Going to have to answer all of these hey I'm using Windows and can't figure out how to install rust we're just going. To focus on the sorobond pieces not on the environment rust future net configurations it's kind of compiling. All this into the quick wins of just figuring out getting our feet wet building out smart contracts so I am. Going to bring my screen up and by me I mean a new here bring my screen up to introduce something that I think Lee you. Added maybe last night inside of our Docs if you go to any of these examples they. Now have an open in get pod link which will open up all of these different examples right inside the the. VM the get pod VM where you can run these examples right inside of our example Soroban examples repo it opens. Up that repo inside of a gitpod which is amazing we're not going to do that right off the bat though I'm going to. I'm going to open it up with we've got a sort of on Pioneer Quest we're actually still building this out but I thought. I'd go ahead and share this this is kind of the idea is this is going to be a pretty big deviation from what we've. Normally done with Stellar Quest where you're playing it with laboratory you're doing it in quest.Stellar.org now you're. Going to be doing the class right inside of a get pod which will be a little bit disorienting right especially for people. Like nisho who get very angsty and start clicking buttons when they don't quite know what they do yet so this is. Going to be allow you to kind of familiarize yourself with the environment and that's we're going to. Walk through today is this kind of get pod environment I'm going to walk you through. this is not going to I'm not going to try very hard not to leak any of our quests in this repo so the actual repos. The secret repo good luck finding it but this particular one you can go ahead and find and open up. I'll be adding Elliot's writing some really good readme material I think he's even going to do a video you'll get. To see Elliot on screen that'll be fun walking through the get pod so you'll have no excuses to know exactly how to. compete in the in the Stellar Quest whenever we get these these live hopefully in November. Okay so if you click this open and get pod that's gonna launch your new get pod instance I've it takes a couple minutes. To spin one of these up not minutes it takes a few seconds to spin one of these up but depending on whether. There's another pre-build running or what have you so I've already got one stood up here. in my my browser here this is probably quite tiny so let me increase the size of that. Slightly so what you're seeing here basically you've got a couple of different areas. Of navigation if you're familiar with code editors IDs at all particularly vs code this is going to at least not feel. Completely foreign to you but let me let me just go ahead and walk through a couple of these items and then we'll. Begin interacting with them make sure to be keeping in Your Mind questions write those down in notes or. Something or that type form that a newfia sent out so we can answer those later on particularly ones that I won't. Be able to answer because I am still a newbie like everybody except for Lee all right. So probably one of the most critical pieces other than the actual code that we'll be looking through is your bash. Terminal tab over here so I've actually got a futurenet that spins up with this get pod and so if you were to go to like. The ports over here this little ports tab you can open up this is actually delivering right from. Inside this get pod you've got your futurenet we can see the latest ingested Ledger one zero zero three one so . We're syncing successfully with the future net that's amazing that all gets configured for you. if you ever want to explore like okay that's fancy but it's a lot of magic inside of this git pod is the commands. That actually spin up these different terminals so you can see exactly what commands are being run so this is how we. Actually run up that that Docker quick start saurabhand Dev Docker image so that's pretty that's. Pretty cool the other two things we've got going on are this futurenet bash and a sandbox. Bash so these other two terminal Windows this first one is one will be we'll interact with both but this one the. Sandbox is kind of this safe local playground doesn't interact at all with that future net that we have and then. This this futurenet one this one's connected with environment variables attached right. Into the into the bash window with all the environment variables we'll need to actually interact with this future. Net that we have running so you can see these environment variables running on this futurenet CLI so those get passed. Into the environment on that bash so it's to try and help you if you accidentally like want to run a future. Net inside sandbox you'll just have to pass these environment variables yourself and if you want to run sandbox. In the future net you'd have to toss those environment variables so if you end up running into errors or issues. Pass in them manually or you can just look over here and try and toggle back and forth every now and then. You will definitely get boogered and maybe just restart your git pod or figure out the magic from inside of this. Gitpod yaml file for the commands that were actually run to spin those up you can use zoom in a little bit. into the screen not everyone is as old as you are new here darn yes good good point. there we go much better or even Kanye can see it yep all right so those are our terminal Windows we've. Only got three running up in here let's go through we've talked about the environments the the future net here. So this is the this is a quick start image that basically spins up your own like Watcher node. but it's connected directly to the same future net that's running that you can like access in laboratory right. Now for example so things that we do inside the future net here will will show up in like if we were to explore. Operations for a particular account so that's all quite nice the main obvious thing that we're all. Here to do though is to actually build and test and run contracts and this is where we start. To touch a actual rust code I've only got one Quest up in here right now really to kind of emphasize just the. Environment and learning that bit first I just pulled the hello world example from the example the Soroban examples. Repository so that's the one that's building up up here so if we run you could run cargo. I guess make build but for people that are maybe unfamiliar with the make file it's basically if you're coming. From the JavaScript world it's just like the scripts inside the package so it's basically just going to run. This command I'm going to allow pastes because I'm not my own hacker sweet so that was nice and quick less. Than a half of a second and that'll put that built wasm file so you write rust and then it. Compiles down to a wasm executable that's the thing that you'll actually deploy or run. On the contract so a lot of times when you've got the Soroban CLI and you're calling something you'll be referencing. This particular wasm file which Speaking of saurabhan you can we've got those installed the the. Sorobon command if you're like okay well that's also magic how'd you install that. Guy Lee has built us a nice little Docker image that pulls in the default get pod. Docker image loads up all the stuff we need for that and then it installs things like Soroban and cargo hack and. Some other things that we might need I'm actually working on a Stellar Quest CLI . So the you can run all of your Stellar quests right from the command line I'll also install that as an executable. Inside of this Docker file as well so between the get pod and the gitpod docker file most of the magic is. Contained within there which is helpful to know for the pro users out there so anyway. We've got our sort of on command line got loads of nice sub commands to run here like. Invoke inspect all those wonderful things let's go ahead and really quick so we went ahead. And we bundled built the the contract so it exists you can see right here 13 lines of rust code. To say things like hello something which okay fair enough that's not that crazy but usually there isn't that much. Rust code to actually pull off some pretty complex logic like if you look at some of the I think we've even got an. Amm example in there we've got lots of examples and I don't think any of them ever really start to cross Beyond like. 200 300 lines of code most rust contracts are just very Compact and small and once you understand two things. First rust is actually really like when you run things they'll break but they often will tell you. Exactly what you did wrong but also a lot of the rust stuff is contained within the standard. Library and so a lot of the things you might need to learn or do would be inside the standard library but we've. Got this flag here that says no standard Library many times that will bite you if you're. If you're very experienced in react you're like where's all my strings and map hash maps and stuff. but where there is no standard Library there's the Soroban SDK it's nice because if you're coming. From JavaScript and you're just trying to learn this thing there's actually less rust stuff you can do which keeps. That scope of things to learn quite minimal and keeps all of the documentation right inside of that. `soroban.stellar.org` forward slash docs all the things you need to know are kind of within that domain which is super. Nice all right sweet so I'm going to see if I can remember how to actually run. This contract so we've got it built so we should be able to actually call it I'm going to make sure I'm in my sandbox. CLI and if I remember my homework we should be able to do Soroban invoke and whenever you get lost you can add that H. Flag and it will tell you the different options that you have available so we are going to need a an ID and this . Wasm location and then if it's got although we need to call the specific function. And then any arguments that it might contain if we were running it on the RPC we would either need to pass these flags or. They will be pre-filled you'll notice if I run this exact same command Soroban in Vogue help. these sarobon are these RPC secrets are already filled in for us so that we'll use those by default if we're. Using this particular bash tab which is nice okay so we got that let's go into we need an ID which we'll. Just pass it one doesn't really matter because we're going to be calling it locally right off of the target I'm at. Root in my directory so I should just be able to go Target so this is going to be our actual wasm. File that we're targeting Target wasn't releases and I think the name of this was Soroban contract. Blossom the argument I guess before we call our argument we need a function what function are we. Going to call the functions we have available to us are a big fat stack of one of them . And it's hello and as per tradition we will call the argument with world and when we run that. We get the response just like it told us it would print out the symbol hello and then the two that we passed it which is. Also this symbol which is the argument that we included so we start with this default environment argument and the. Second one is that argument that we passed and you could include other arguments if you wanted but we just had. This one world and then it's going to print back this vector hello world fantastic that's amazing you might say. But that's not actually a network fair enough let's see if we can copy the same thing over to our future net. Brilliant okay so we before we can invoke though the function contract actually needs to exist on chain so. Let's go ahead and deploy I think that's a command it is indeed we need to deploy it with the wasm. File and I think that's basically all we have to do because our secret key RPC nodes Network passphrases are already. Filled in for us so deploy Verizon from the target 1132 release Urban that's going to deploy that straight on. To our future net amazing so this is our contract hash so if we wanted to go and invoke. I'm going to do the crazy thing of just copying this moving it over to our future net. And the only thing we need to change here assume that rebuilt a good futurenet he honestly didn't build the future now. There's lots of people involved you also want to remove the the wasn't I need to remove the wasn't this is what. This is yep passing an actual ID we don't need that we should send that straight over to the. Future net and we get Hello World back now I know like many of you you're thinking well that's fancy. Show it to me in laboratory well I can't actually run this in laboratory yet but what I can do is show you the. Operation that we just committed and I'm going to do that by committing the cardinal sin. Of looking up that secret key that I use so let's actually let's do something a little bit different. Let's generate a Brand New Key pair on futurenet which all of them are the same so let's just paint that I'm going to. Write this down in the notes that I have over here so I don't forget it right sweet so now we're going to go and we're. Going to deploy this again this time we're going to use a new secret key that one that we just included so that I. Don't have to commit the Cardinals in deriving a public key from the secret key on stream. Which I did just generate a key on screen but that's fine it's a test net whatever okay so we committed that. Submitted that so if we right now if we went and looked up our explore endpoints operations for account. And we just order this by descending we're going to notice that brand new operation invoke host function that's. Really the only operation that classic Stellar has kind of added and it's very cryptic and hard to understand. Which is why we have Lee here let's go ahead and call another one so we did the deploy. Now we can do the invoke got a new contract ID so let's put that in unless we pass our new. Put that right here new secret key there's nothing fancy with the secret key it's just a Stellar thing you're. Just signing the transaction that you're going to submit to the Future net but rather than having to like submit. An xdr or something you can just pass in the secret key as an argument and it will do all of the signing and. Submitting for you so there we go we got our hello world back and if we run this. Again we should see two host invoke host functions so that was the one that actually built the or . Submitted the contract create contract with Source account is the function and this one is host. Function host function invoke contract but again Wicked obfuscated behind the Allure of what. In the world does this xdr actually have behind it so that's kind of where my demo ends. This is like to me this is again kind of mind-blowing where you can build these things relatively quickly and easily. Whether it's on futurenet and actually able to explore it inside of horizon or in your sandbox right we could just go. In here and do a public function that reads something or maybe it saves some data all those other examples that we. Were showing but like it's actually pretty simple to write a contract and then deploy it run. It and see it in laboratory just like you would do with anything else you might do with Stellar the only. Difference is what we had before was here's an operation that is make a payment okay but I want to do something. Fancy too bad you can make a payment with this operation now we have an operation that is invoke smart contract. Which does whatever the heck you want to inside of whatever the functions are behind the contract that was uploaded so. It's like this do whatever you want operation in Stellar and my goodness I've wanted that for a long time and to. Actually see it working and it's kind of simple and you've got this nice git pod environment to do all this stuff. I don't know about you but I think I'm going to quit working for SDF and start writing smart contracts because this. This I haven't been this excited about actually building on Stellar since I found Stellar way back in 2014. this is. Amazing and and again like you're discovering Stellar for the first time in 2014 like okay. Sweet I think at the time there's like 12 things you could do with Stellar and then now there's like 22 or something. Now there's an infinite number of things you can do with Stellar and that is incredible like I was super excited. Before just finding Stellar now I mean this is this is this is something else and. I don't know I'm I can't wait to start writing like nft weird nft smart contracts all that stuff that I was. Trying to do with Stellar turrets that was very difficult and lots of Hoops to jump through. now now this is this I can't wait to just start writing weird contracts my mind is it's been hard to shut down. for all the crazy things I want to do I might have to create a pseudonym for Sora bonathon so I can try and. Swoop in on some of those prizes okay enough with me talking you should show before you before you. Take it away you should show you how easy it is to write tests yeah I have no idea how to write a test I've. Never written a rest test in my life so maybe is there what's in the test file is that this one right here. Yes this is a real real simple test that's just calling that hello function exactly the same way that you invoked on. The command line and there's a little tiny text at the top of the function run test if you click that. Click the run test it's going to run it here in your browser so you can individually run like when. You're running the entire test like is this now individually taking that component and running a test on it. Please okay yeah exactly is that what this mod test thing is how does it link between the list. In the test file the mod test is just telling the project that oh no what's going on here. he's just telling the compiler that that other test rust file should be included because. That all the rust files are not included by default they'll have to be referenced. From that that lib and it looks like we got some sort of bug in our GitHub setup. If you if you run a cargo clean Tyler and then just try clicking that run test again. No debug it live is this like the most satisfying thing of giffpod I feel I mean it's satisfying. Anytime to watch anything compiled but this is really satisfying This thing always gives me anxiety. Because it's like yes I've waited for 30 seconds to get to 142 and then I'll be an error and like oh shoot now I gotta. Fix that and then wait another five yeah there's a lot of dependencies because this what this test is doing is. There's only what like five six lines of code here but that M default that's at the. Beginning of the test is actually the sorbent environment and it's not a mock environment it's the actual cyberon. Environment that gets embedded in the Stellar core nodes and we're using it here in the test so when you're writing. Rust tests here in your contract you are actually testing your contract in much the same way that it will be. Running on chain so you have all the same things available to you you can even do things like integration tests. Across other contracts so you can import another contract that you're calling or maybe several contracts you're calling. And you can write tests using your contract and all of those contracts together and you know see for real. How it's actually going to behave well that's so cool that's is that that's one of the advantages of having like the. Entire thing be being written in Rust where you get this rust environment that can be like pulled out of actually. Running it in core but it's the actual environment that is running in core exactly. Yay our test passed all of that for one test okay it needs to be like capital okay I found this. Yeah it's like okay with an exclamation but that could also mean it's not okay but haha no anyone. anyways lee there's a fun question which is is this a smart contract to find out what these Halloween costume. Will be this year yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna dress up as hello Dev it's not a bad idea. Yeah we're gonna have to have a little bit smarter contract very very smart smart. Guess well at least Halloween costumes right but Tyler so you wanted to ask Lee some. Questions I believe yeah so one of like my main question is I'm even as I'm writing Stiller Quest quests one. Of the things I'm gonna have to do is okay people are doing their quests they they do their hello world like one of. The first quests the spoiler alert might be to call hello world I know I can find. That they did that but I don't know how to prove that in this that they actually submitted hello. World and I'm guessing it's something to do with one of these parameters maybe something with the footprint. Can you just like walk us through a am I going to be able to do like build a Stellar Quest off of the data that I'm. Getting inside of the operations to check if what someone submitted was what I expected. Because this xdr is not immediately helpful to me and then secondarily to that the heck is a footprint. Yeah these are good questions can you can you zoom in a little bit I'm sorry it's pretty. Pretty small for me the yeah we've got three Fields here and you're right. They don't really tell us a whole lot on the surface there's two tools we can use. To understand like what this mumble jumble words are we can either use the laboratory whenever you've got in. Future net mode so if you want to open that up in another tab we can try putting that into into the laboratory. You can also use the Sovereign CLI it also has a sub command where you can just paste this and it would print out. This is what the value is but maybe we can use the laboratory a lot of people so yeah this is this is. Laboratory right here do you want me to copy one of these xdr values over to the view xdr yes okay so I just copied. This one with type object object yeah so what you want to do is grab the XTL type it should be SC Val if you look. For SC Val it'll be down there deep in the and okay it's not actually rendering something that's super useful here. That's well I mean I mean maybe that's that's b64 yeah base64 decode that XYZ is a. Does this convert to okay wait you're singing strange URLs okay waiter oh no what is the what is this. Valley we should have started with the second dude I don't remember okay we can start. With the second time do the second one first I'm gonna try to see if I can remember what. The first one is and why we can't decode it oh the first one's the contract ID oh so it's a hack or the contract. Function or something like that so let me let me run my super powerful other VM called run kit and do buffer. a64 and then two string it's probably a hexia that's our contract ID Maybe ish.  wish that was that was not that was the actual xdr value this was the a64d. So that's our contract hash right there all right so that's one problem solved now we need this one. Sim yes let's have a look at what that is View xdr versus also an sc value this is also an. Essay file so if you copy that Sim value and stick it into the base64 decoder it should that should come out as a string. All right without the hex hello sick all right what's wait that was our that was our first argument right by. Default oh that was the output no no no that's the input that's the function name the parameter was the contract ID. The second parameter was the function we're calling and then all the parameters after that are should be the. Arguments fingers crossed everybody wait I gotta gotta turn it out of the xdr into. A64. 864 will it say World question mark I can write my checks haha everyone you'll have to actually do. What the challenge says or you're busted amazing and is it almost always so when I look at view xdr this thing just got. Absolutely enormous are there many other things that people will need to be aware of or is SC Val. Kind of cover most of our ground here scal covers any any value that that's being used as like an input or an output. Or unlike of a contract function as well as anything that's being stored so if you're storing something on chain some. Data to look up again later maybe light balances things like that they're all ultimately going to be stored inside our. Cval and SC value is really a union of lots of other types so here we can see this RC valve is a symbol there are. Integers there's like byte arrays Maps vectors begins they all fall under that scale. I spent too long trying to figure out how to decode this and I just just had to get on stream that's all I. Had to do that makes a ton of sense all right fantastic well now I know how to bust. Everybody for passing the arguments and making sure they actually submit the right thing. Next the heck is a footprint this is also an xdr is this I really hope it has something. To do with Bigfoot but I'm guessing it doesn't you can try decoding that if you want I don't remember what the type is. Exactly it's probably The Ledger footprint is the type there's a contract ID and this this is. Not necessarily particularly interesting for this specific contract because this contract doesn't access any data or. Anything like that so what well footprint is is it's us telling the runtime . What data the contract May write to or read from and the reason this exists is because . We don't we want the runtime to know what data might the contract will need to be accessing because that helps us do. Things like run contracts concurrently at the same time so we're building sarban with the. Advantage that we've we've seen other blockchains already build you know smart contract runtimes and. We know that scaling blockchains is is difficult and so we're planning that from the get-go with Saruman and. One of the foot the footprint is like part of the the idea is that when you invoke a contract you define what data. Might need to be accessed by the contract and then the runtime knows how to paralyze contracts that don't need to. Access or write to the same data so in this contract invocation if we looked at the code you'd say it's. Not accessing any data so why is there there's one entry here there's one read-only entry the contract data and. The key is not particularly descriptive it's a static IC and what that is is the contract code. Itself so we're saying that with this contractification the only contract data it needs to read or write is the actual. Contract code that gets loaded into the runtime but if you were writing if you had a. Contract where you were updating a balance you would need to include The Ledger key in this footprint for the. Balance that was planned to be updated I think that's making sense I know they're so yeah. There's a question here so what is the footprint of a function that uses an environment invoke contract. All right yeah that's a good question it should be it'll be the footprint of whatever. That other contract requires so at the very least it's going to require the contract code so there'll be like. Another entry like what we see here on screen except the contract ID won't be the calling contractor will be the. Contract that's going to be called and then if that contract needs to go and access any data you would also need. To being pre-included you need to be predetermining what data is going to be accessed and including that in the. Football is there a limit to like the depth that that can go before it becomes difficult. I mean there will be limits for the runtime especially like once it gets to pubnet I think we're still. Figuring out a lot of what those you know those levers should be set up so for future net I mean future net doesn't. Have fees enabled either so you know these are things which we're building out and they'll they'll be in. Future future future net iterations yeah I think a question that maybe arises from this is you know I said. That the footprint is something that you have to predetermine you as the person building the transaction here to go and. Figure out what the footprint should be and that maybe can be a bit of a daunting task and so. we have this thing called pre-flight or simulation where you can submit a transaction without the footprint so no. Food required and it's not executed on chain it's just it's simulated and then you get back it basically gives you back. The footprint so you can then just go and submit the transaction with that footprint. So you don't really have to determine it yourself I know when I was looking at the network requests inside of. Paul's example dap there was loads of those preflights whenever something was. Happening to go and find what the actual submission call should look like and it's also the way that you do. read requests so if you're if you don't actually need to submit something networking you just need to get data out. Of the network you can use those pre-flight requests to grab information from The Ledger from The. Horizon endpoint without actually having to submit the transaction which I thought was kind of kind of cool. There are a few other questions here it says like why have one type of SC value for everything architecture-wise. Question mark that's a good question I think the values get used in a lot of places where. you know like as function inputs function outputs and we really need one type that's going to contain all. Those other types yeah that's what I got that flavor of design really comes from like the way. That xdr like the the Stellar Network uses xdr for structuring all of the data they get stored and. that's just a really common way of solving that problem in the XTR  I'm trying to see there are a few other. Questions here that I guess we can shift a little bit but it says how should one think when writing Forum on. Contracts that involves not mucking up keep it small and apparently write good tests because I made it a long way and. Then I had to write a test and it broke so Rico tests start out really small I don't know have fun right right now. It's like on futurenet so play around learn what you're doing but yeah Nisha you'll figure it out. I believe in you do the Stellar Quest that'll that'll go a long way sorbonne Quest you mean Stellar requests saravan. Quest Quest version series I do have another question and this is particularly coming from a. JavaScript engineer perspective is is there a way to like watch contracts so that as you make changes it. Kind of runs tests and compiles in like as you save files or is that something you have to like always be building. Always be testing is the idea that you just kind of Click run test every time you update some code. Sort of thing you you fix your tests you write your code you run tests again what's the what's the development flow. Tend to be when making changes yeah I mean there's a couple of options here it really comes down to you know. What you like to do if you're a vs code user there should be my shortcut codes are customized so I. Won't say what it is because I don't know what the default is but there's a shortcut code you can press. to run the last test or run the test under your current cursor and so a common development flow is you just keep. Hitting that key after you've made some changes and it'll go run the tests you care about in that moment there's. Another great tool called cargo watch which you can it may actually be installed in this GitHub I think I think. If I saw it was installed in the docker file and if you use cargo watch by default it probably just builds and. That may not be where we want but if you I think it's like cargo watch space Dash X space test and that will just run. The tests every time you change the files cool yeah so this I think by default it. Just right just builds and then tests yeah that makes sense and I will definitely help it's just a. Very foreign environment but it's not a poor one it's just a very foreign environment for a JavaScript. Developer so knowing what that narrative is like for actively working on a contract. is an important one that was just a link that I wanted to share well I guess Kanye West wanted to. Share yeah if there are Rush developers in the chat that have the ways that they run these a submit it to the. Sorobonathon because I need to know how to build these faster and and B put those in in chat with links and such. Yeah it's one of the things I love about the rust Community is it's very aware of. How hard it is to learn rust and so people are very eager to share all the things that they do and the tips and. Tricks they have for getting up to speed and actually building contracts and stuff. yes so you can yeah you can write unit tests but you can also write integration tests in the sense that if. Your contract is using other other contracts you can download those contracts at. The moment you just you have to manually download them as a DOT wasn't file in the future you know hopefully we'll have. Some like better mechanics around that where they can just be automatically downloaded but yeah you report that. Wasn't file you can register that contract in your test so it's there registered in the environment just as if. It had been deployed on chain and then your your contract when you're running its tests can be calling through to it. So you don't have to be you don't have to set up mocks you don't have to set up you know these fake tests with your if. You're contractors interacting with all these other other things and we don't have this implemented today but. the environment can have data pre-loaded into it that environment that we saw in the tests and so we do want to. Build toolings to to do things like take data that's on chain like if you know you basically take like a specific. Ledger and then you could write tests that actually use contracts that are actually that have. Been actually deployed as well as data that's been actually that actually existed on let on The Ledger at that. Point in time so there's another question that came in through the Forum yearly which says when you. Execute a contract who provides the computing power to process the function normally when I write a function and run. It it's my PC or server I arrange that's burning some CPU Cycles how does that work with colorbox. Is the question like during testing or do you mean like when the contract is actually running. I feel like they are probably referring to when the contract is running execute yeah when Tyler like deployed. The contract on chain he uploaded he uploaded all of that the code onto not the compiled version of the contract. Onto the chain and then when he invoked it he was giving the contract he was giving he was telling the chain like go. And run this code so the code is running on all of the nodes of the network and the nodes are all agreeing on like this. Is the outcome of running that that contract got it got it decentralization there are one more question that came in. Here which says how Soroban adopted zero knowledge grouping Soroban supports yeah I think we're like very interested. I think in in supporting like different crypto Primitives and if you go and have a look in the the. Discord you know with there have been some conversations around like what crypto Primitives should we be. Supporting you know how for supporting things like that right now the only crypto Primitives. Implemented is available in the sorbin SDK are just the really basic ones that you would typically see. In the Stellar ecosystem today things like shell 256 and add 25519 keys but we're definitely very interested in. Finding out like you know what people want or see that they need and we have ideas about what can be added and you. Know we'll definitely be looking into that yep see I think that is about all the questions that there are anyone else. Have any final questions here I'd be curiously as you kind of have a really broad knowledge of Soroban where. It's going and you're working with internal and external teams on road maps and are there things you'd really like to. See people work on or provide feedback for or what's kind of the most exciting thing that comes across your desk as far. As Community engagement or things that people are doing or maybe areas of opportunity that you feel like people. Maybe aren't quite recognizing yet that you'd like to ensure that people are aware of. And like what would you like to see come through sarbanathon yeah I think definitely the big ticket thing is. Writing contracts like getting more people writing contracts providing feedback around what they've found . Convenient or inconvenient around what they have found to be you know conceptually made. Sense you know they wanted to do X and the SDK helped them to do xor or didn't help them to do that or got in their way. We def like that that's I think probably the biggest thing is is dog fooding writing contracts and discovering. What's missing what the gaps are all that sort of stuff that's what really interests me and I've seen like a lot of. Good posts on this sorry I can't even say this sorry bethon that have been very interesting and and. You know people exploring how does authentication work and ex providing examples of where it. Works really well where it's you know got some rough edges and and like that's that's fantastic because that gives us. All as a community the opportunity to figure out what needs to change between now where we're at right now future now. Version one what needs to change between now and getting to test now and pub now down the road. Yeah absolutely we actually had that exact example come through this week I believe there you go wow Raph. Is already on it like sharing the links to it but yeah no definitely like I think we wanna the whole reason for. Sore monathon to exist is like simply to help with the development and like dog fooding Soroban to like the ecosystem and. Then to let our Dev team know how can they actually take it and improve Sargon right like we're. Listening basically I see another question here which says oh yeah I think Connie Nets. You have the right answer there where it is would SCF allow the next round is lower Bond related projects. that's probably like a it I would say yes probably but don't quote me on that but yeah I'd say well we'll support. Once once it hits mainnet because the point of SCF is to run live businesses kind of in. Production and if you're please don't run a production level business on a test net or a futurenet so be working on. Your business ideas now you can't just spin up a business in a month some of you probably could. so that there's like get started get ready so that whenever there isn't a CF round that is accepting. because they're that are built on top of Sarah bonathon Soroban wow it's not called sarobon anymore now it's just. Sarah bonathon how the tables turn then then we'll be ready to accept those those inbounds. But it's definitely coming we just want to encourage people building businesses on top of. Test Nets that said I would love to potentially we were just at like since this is like I consider this like a. Very casual conversation with our community but we're considering maybe doing like a hackathon in the future by. Future I mean like next month or the month after where basically it would be for you to come up with. Those ideas you can submit proposal sore Bond related ideas and like do example contracts and so on and so forth so we'd. Really like to see you like we don't want to stop you from ideating at the moment so if you had ideas please start. Working on them because there will come a time when we want those ideas brought to us from the community we. Want to support you the best way we can so yeah yeah and I'd say we'll probably like surabana Thon is sort of bonathon. First Light we're gonna run more right the next one will be sorobanathon super tools or something where where. We're coming up with like a new theme new new funding round looking for a different type of content and one of. Those might be some of the tooling that that we really want to to see on the network some of that like opens Upland. Type contracts as the as the platform continues to mature and change less it'll become safer I guess to begin. Writing more of these mature production ready contracts but we've got to be careful in the sequencing of. Things that we don't write contracts that are just going to be constantly breaking or make it kind of. Disincentivize an environment from breaking things in order to improve the final product so you want to keep things. A little platoy in in the first in the first early stages so that so that it's fine to constantly be breaking. Things because nobody's built anything to mature yet the pub net is the takeaway here I guess. but yeah I think that is everything for this week y'all once again Sarah bonathon is still a thing it's happening. It's going to keep happening and keep playing when tinkering with sarmon like you literally can earn excellent for. Doing that I don't know why you aren't like I said I'm always ready to quit my job and start working on sarban but. I do like my job I like talking about it but yeah anyways y'all thank you all for. Joining we will be back next week on Friday with senso actually talking about his assembly script SDK so stay. Tuned for more details on that we're really excited and that's always a good time to just ask questions in general. About sarban well that's sarban thanks that's a wrap on store Bond talks yeah thank you thanks a bunch see ya new here. Lee.
