Okay we're live alright everyone welcome okay we're live alright everyone welcome. To the open protocol discussion a to the open protocol discussion a to the open protocol discussion a. Biweekly meeting in which we review and biweekly meeting in which we review and biweekly meeting in which we review and. Plan for upcoming changes then plan for upcoming changes then plan for upcoming changes then. Provements do the stuff call we've provements do the stuff call we've provements do the stuff call we've. Missed a few meetings because people missed a few meetings because people missed a few meetings because people. Have been out of town but our plan is to have been out of town but our plan is to. Have been out of town but our plan is to keep live-streaming these so that the keep live-streaming these so that the. Keep live-streaming these so that the world at large anyone who's watching can world at large anyone who's watching can. World at large anyone who's watching can see what we're working on and all the see what we're working on and all the. See what we're working on and all the wonderful thoughts that you have about I wonderful thoughts that you have about I. Wonderful thoughts that you have about I don't like Stellar better these meetings. Don't like Stellar better these meetings don't like Stellar better these meetings. Usually focus on reviewing court usually focus on reviewing court usually focus on reviewing court. Advancement proposals aka caps which advancement proposals aka caps which advancement proposals aka caps which. Suggests new features and improvements suggests new features and improvements suggests new features and improvements. To the protocol and at the moment we're to the protocol and at the moment we're to the protocol and at the moment we're. Focused on protocol 14 on the upcoming focused on protocol 14 on the upcoming focused on protocol 14 on the upcoming. Protocol which will likely include two protocol which will likely include two protocol which will likely include two. Big caps cap 23 two part payments and big caps cap 23 two part payments and big caps cap 23 two part payments and. Cap 33 sponsored reserves today we'll cap 33 sponsored reserves today we'll cap 33 sponsored reserves today we'll. Cover a few remaining questions about cover a few remaining questions about cover a few remaining questions about. Those we'll also talk a bit about the those we'll also talk a bit about the those we'll also talk a bit about the. Downstream implications of those caps downstream implications of those caps downstream implications of those caps. And the preparations underway to make and the preparations underway to make and the preparations underway to make. Sure horizon and the Stellar SDKs are sure horizon and the Stellar SDKs are sure horizon and the Stellar SDKs are. Ready for protocol 14 so we published ready for protocol 14 so we published. Ready for protocol 14 so we published some pre reads for this meeting there in. Some pre reads for this meeting there in some pre reads for this meeting there in. The event description and this the event description and this the event description and this. Discussion will make up a lot more sense discussion will make up a lot more sense. Discussion will make up a lot more sense if you've done them so do those if you if you've done them so do those if you. If you've done them so do those if you haven't there's also just a rough haven't there's also just a rough. Haven't there's also just a rough outline of the agenda on the left of the outline of the agenda on the left of the. Outline of the agenda on the left of the screen and there's also a list of screen and there's also a list of. Screen and there's also a list of participants in the event description participants in the event description. Participants in the event description and for this meeting instead of and for this meeting instead of. And for this meeting instead of introducing everyone I'll just let introducing everyone I'll just let. Introducing everyone I'll just let anyone watching Google the names to find anyone watching Google the names to find. Anyone watching Google the names to find out who's who if that's not working in out who's who if that's not working in. Out who's who if that's not working in the future we can take some time to the future we can take some time to. The future we can take some time to introduce ourselves but let's start introduce ourselves but let's start. Introduce ourselves but let's start there seems simplest so diving in quick there seems simplest so diving in quick. There seems simplest so diving in quick status update cap 23 and cap 33 are in status update cap 23 and cap 33 are in. Status update cap 23 and cap 33 are in final common period they've been there a final common period they've been there a. Final common period they've been there a little longer than usual there were a little longer than usual there were a. Little longer than usual there were a few lingering questions discussion was a few lingering questions discussion was a. Few lingering questions discussion was a bit slow because people are way but bit slow because people are way but. Bit slow because people are way but barring any blocker is raised in today's barring any blocker is raised in today's. Barring any blocker is raised in today's discussion we will be night them with discussion we will be night them with. Discussion we will be night them with the coveted status of accepted so first the coveted status of accepted so first. The coveted status of accepted so first let's talk about those cap 23 to part let's talk about those cap 23 to part. Let's talk about those cap 23 to part payments cap 23 creates a new letter payments cap 23 creates a new letter. Payments cap 23 creates a new letter entry called a claimable balance the new entry called a claimable balance the new. Entry called a claimable balance the new operations that allow you to create and operations that allow you to create and. Operations that allow you to create and claim a claim of a balance the goal is claim a claim of a balance the goal is. Claim a claim of a balance the goal is to separate the sending and receiving to separate the sending and receiving. To separate the sending and receiving with a payment so you can send a payment with a payment so you can send a payment. With a payment so you can send a payment to an account that isn't already to an account that isn't already. To an account that isn't already prepared to receive it it looks like prepared to receive it it looks like. Prepared to receive it it looks like there are a couple of issues here and I there are a couple of issues here and I. There are a couple of issues here and I will turn it over to John will turn it over to John. Will turn it over to John to talk about the first one sure so this to talk about the first one sure so this. To talk about the first one sure so this this is actually this originates from a this is actually this originates from a. This is actually this originates from a from a question that David brought up I from a question that David brought up I. From a question that David brought up I guess a few weeks ago which has kind of guess a few weeks ago which has kind of. Guess a few weeks ago which has kind of been lingering but basically the been lingering but basically the. Been lingering but basically the question is like right now we're using question is like right now we're using. Question is like right now we're using dislike predicates tree structure which dislike predicates tree structure which. Dislike predicates tree structure which is kind of novel in the Stellar world is kind of novel in the Stellar world. Is kind of novel in the Stellar world you know in other places we use like you know in other places we use like. You know in other places we use like linear threshold combinations and stuff linear threshold combinations and stuff. Linear threshold combinations and stuff like that but here we have this like that but here we have this. Like that but here we have this predicate tree and David's main concern predicate tree and David's main concern. Predicate tree and David's main concern about this predicate tree is that you about this predicate tree is that you. About this predicate tree is that you know XDR doesn't have any built-in know XDR doesn't have any built-in. Know XDR doesn't have any built-in mechanisms to prevent arbitrary mechanisms to prevent arbitrary. Mechanisms to prevent arbitrary recursion and so anybody who has an recursion and so anybody who has an. Recursion and so anybody who has an extra parser first of all like as a extra parser first of all like as a. Extra parser first of all like as a matter of principle you should be making matter of principle you should be making. Matter of principle you should be making sure that you're not gonna get infinite sure that you're not gonna get infinite. Sure that you're not gonna get infinite recursion but you could imagine a world recursion but you could imagine a world. Recursion but you could imagine a world in which you have some structure which in which you have some structure which. In which you have some structure which is like sitting on the edge of the is like sitting on the edge of the. Is like sitting on the edge of the recursion depth limit for different recursion depth limit for different. Recursion depth limit for different nodes on different architectures and nodes on different architectures and. Nodes on different architectures and whatever and maybe some nodes choose whatever and maybe some nodes choose. Whatever and maybe some nodes choose that it's acceptable in some node trees that it's acceptable in some node trees. That it's acceptable in some node trees it's unacceptable and then you end up in it's unacceptable and then you end up in. It's unacceptable and then you end up in some bad undefined state depending on some bad undefined state depending on. Some bad undefined state depending on potentially a fork in a really bad case potentially a fork in a really bad case. Potentially a fork in a really bad case depending on basically just how depending on basically just how. Depending on basically just how everybody's configured but they're everybody's configured but they're. Everybody's configured but they're different XDR and so the question is different XDR and so the question is. Different XDR and so the question is like how should we update this predicate like how should we update this predicate. Like how should we update this predicate tree structure and David had this tree structure and David had this. Tree structure and David had this proposal to basically turn it into a proposal to basically turn it into a. Proposal to basically turn it into a into disjunctive normal form but I've into disjunctive normal form but I've. Into disjunctive normal form but I've heard some opposition from myself from heard some opposition from myself from. Heard some opposition from myself from Nicola and from somebody else that I Nicola and from somebody else that I. Nicola and from somebody else that I can't remember right now who the third can't remember right now who the third. Can't remember right now who the third person is that this disjunctive normal person is that this disjunctive normal. Person is that this disjunctive normal form idea is not really that great form idea is not really that great. Form idea is not really that great because like complicated expressions end because like complicated expressions end. Because like complicated expressions end up becoming like exponentially large up becoming like exponentially large. Up becoming like exponentially large that's kind of not ideal so we could that's kind of not ideal so we could. That's kind of not ideal so we could either decide that we don't think this either decide that we don't think this. Either decide that we don't think this is a problem and we're not gonna be is a problem and we're not gonna be. Is a problem and we're not gonna be anywhere close to the recursion depth anywhere close to the recursion depth. Anywhere close to the recursion depth limit because like probably limit because like probably. Limit because like probably realistically a transaction even with realistically a transaction even with. Realistically a transaction even with this predicate tree structure has this predicate tree structure has. This predicate tree structure has recursion depth maybe like 10 or 12 and recursion depth maybe like 10 or 12 and. Recursion depth maybe like 10 or 12 and if your system doesn't support like 12 if your system doesn't support like 12. If your system doesn't support like 12 recursions like that's a problem hold on recursions like that's a problem hold on. Recursions like that's a problem hold on that the idea is that a bad person could. That the idea is that a bad person could that the idea is that a bad person could. Submit it to purposely submit a submit it to purposely submit a submit it to purposely submit a. Transaction that like pushes the transaction that like pushes the transaction that like pushes the. Recursion depth right but that would be recursion depth right but that would be recursion depth right but that would be. Invalid no matter what invalid no matter what invalid no matter what they're automatically invalid if the. They're automatically invalid if the they're automatically invalid if the depth is greater than four so like if. Depth is greater than four so like if depth is greater than four so like if you submit because we have logic in. You submit because we have logic in you submit because we have logic in there too we have to be exactly actually. There too we have to be exactly actually there too we have to be exactly actually. There's a laterally invalid if any of there's a laterally invalid if any of there's a laterally invalid if any of. The predicate trees have depth greater the predicate trees have depth greater the predicate trees have depth greater. Than four so like it might you know if than four so like it might you know if than four so like it might you know if. Your XD our compiler doesn't generate your XD our compiler doesn't generate your XD our compiler doesn't generate. Code that handles recursion like deep code that handles recursion like deep code that handles recursion like deep. Recursions well it might crash your node recursions well it might crash your node. Recursions well it might crash your node but like if that's the case your XD are but like if that's the case your XD are. But like if that's the case your XD are set up it's garbage and you have a set up it's garbage and you have a. Set up it's garbage and you have a security vulnerability regardless of security vulnerability regardless of. Security vulnerability regardless of whether we've done this or not well if whether we've done this or not well if. Whether we've done this or not well if we pick a number like four we can we pick a number like four we can. We pick a number like four we can actually admit it's ugly but we can actually admit it's ugly but we can. Actually admit it's ugly but we can actually express that in any XD are actually express that in any XD are. Actually express that in any XD are pretty good tree one two three and four pretty good tree one two three and four. Pretty good tree one two three and four is like four different types you know is like four different types you know. Is like four different types you know leaf one two and three or something leaf one two and three or something. Leaf one two and three or something I mean but so that much is how like do I mean but so that much is how like do. I mean but so that much is how like do we really actually have use cases that we really actually have use cases that. We really actually have use cases that involve all of this like the thing is involve all of this like the thing is. Involve all of this like the thing is you already have the disjunction because you already have the disjunction because. You already have the disjunction because you can have multiple claimants right you can have multiple claimants right. You can have multiple claimants right and so so the question is why not do and so so the question is why not do. And so so the question is why not do something that has just a conjunction something that has just a conjunction. Something that has just a conjunction you know in in the claim predicate and you know in in the claim predicate and. You know in in the claim predicate and then you know we can add something more then you know we can add something more. Then you know we can add something more if it turns out that's not useful enough if it turns out that's not useful enough. If it turns out that's not useful enough or at least come up with some actual or at least come up with some actual. Or at least come up with some actual like realistic use case that actually like realistic use case that actually. Like realistic use case that actually requires like you know like four deep requires like you know like four deep. Requires like you know like four deep nesting of like hands and wars so so the nesting of like hands and wars so so the. Nesting of like hands and wars so so the four wasn't chosen arbitrarily the four four wasn't chosen arbitrarily the four. Four wasn't chosen arbitrarily the four has this like very magic property of has this like very magic property of. Has this like very magic property of making a claim of like a claim over making a claim of like a claim over. Making a claim of like a claim over balanced entry the same size as a or balanced entry the same size as a or. Balanced entry the same size as a or rather the claimable predicate tree the rather the claimable predicate tree the. Rather the claimable predicate tree the same size as a data field so basically same size as a data field so basically. Same size as a data field so basically like this bore was basically saying like like this bore was basically saying like. Like this bore was basically saying like if you're gonna pay reserved to get a if you're gonna pay reserved to get a. If you're gonna pay reserved to get a data field you might as well pay a data field you might as well pay a. Data field you might as well pay a reserved to get the same amount of space reserved to get the same amount of space. Reserved to get the same amount of space and claim a little balance but so that's. And claim a little balance but so that's and claim a little balance but so that's. Where the magic floor comes from but where the magic floor comes from but where the magic floor comes from but. Regardless of that I mean like for me regardless of that I mean like for me regardless of that I mean like for me. It's not just about whether like it's not just about whether like it's not just about whether like. Everything I think sensible then you everything I think sensible then you everything I think sensible then you. Could express it you could express in could express it you could express in could express it you could express in. Disjunction format like I don't see any disjunction format like I don't see any disjunction format like I don't see any. Reason why you couldn't do this but the reason why you couldn't do this but the reason why you couldn't do this but the. Issue is like if we then subsequently issue is like if we then subsequently issue is like if we then subsequently. Add the conjunctive stuff then we're no add the conjunctive stuff then we're no add the conjunctive stuff then we're no. Better off than we are now like we'd be better off than we are now like we'd be better off than we are now like we'd be. Strictly worse in fact because we'd now strictly worse in fact because we'd now strictly worse in fact because we'd now. Have this have this have this the disjunction thing which was your the disjunction thing which was your. The disjunction thing which was your proposal where basically if you get proposal where basically if you get. Proposal where basically if you get disjunction if you're the same claim disjunction if you're the same claim. Disjunction if you're the same claim into multiple times that's currently not into multiple times that's currently not. Into multiple times that's currently not permitted at all claimants are unique in. Permitted at all claimants are unique in permitted at all claimants are unique in. This in the current proposal but then this in the current proposal but then this in the current proposal but then. You'd also be able to build these trees you'd also be able to build these trees you'd also be able to build these trees. And then you've like kind of violated and then you've like kind of violated and then you've like kind of violated. The like one way to do it rule so like the like one way to do it rule so like the like one way to do it rule so like. That's kind of my main like basically if that's kind of my main like basically if. That's kind of my main like basically if we think we could ever end up in a world. We think we could ever end up in a world we think we could ever end up in a world. Where DNF is not good then we shouldn't where DNF is not good then we shouldn't where DNF is not good then we shouldn't. Start in a world where DNF is the start in a world where DNF is the start in a world where DNF is the. Standard because we'd be no better off standard because we'd be no better off standard because we'd be no better off. In the long run so that's kind of my in the long run so that's kind of my in the long run so that's kind of my. Main take on it one other idea I'll main take on it one other idea I'll main take on it one other idea I'll. Pitched you and I'm gonna credit this pitched you and I'm gonna credit this pitched you and I'm gonna credit this. One too great in it's not my idea but one too great in it's not my idea but one too great in it's not my idea but. Graden mentioned that we could actually graden mentioned that we could actually graden mentioned that we could actually. To avoid the infinite recursion thing XD to avoid the infinite recursion thing XD. To avoid the infinite recursion thing XD ROP KO phi the predicate tree and like ROP KO phi the predicate tree and like. ROP KO phi the predicate tree and like we can for example make the xt are we can for example make the xt are. We can for example make the xt are opaque version of the predicate tree opaque version of the predicate tree. Opaque version of the predicate tree like 64 bytes right now and if it's like 64 bytes right now and if it's. Like 64 bytes right now and if it's bigger than 64 bytes you're dead like bigger than 64 bytes you're dead like. Bigger than 64 bytes you're dead like that's not gonna work and then later if that's not gonna work and then later if. That's not gonna work and then later if we need to get bigger trees for example we need to get bigger trees for example. We need to get bigger trees for example for hash Cree images or something we for hash Cree images or something we. For hash Cree images or something we just increase that number but that just increase that number but that. Just increase that number but that provides like a default bound provides like a default bound. Provides like a default bound automatically I don't know I don't know automatically I don't know I don't know. Automatically I don't know I don't know how much anybody cares about this at the how much anybody cares about this at the. How much anybody cares about this at the end of the day like we could definitely end of the day like we could definitely. End of the day like we could definitely do the hard coding thing there's a lot do the hard coding thing there's a lot. Do the hard coding thing there's a lot of different options and I just like I of different options and I just like I. Of different options and I just like I don't know how much it matters to spend don't know how much it matters to spend. Don't know how much it matters to spend time trying to decide like do people time trying to decide like do people. Time trying to decide like do people care a lot are people really concerned care a lot are people really concerned. Care a lot are people really concerned about this recursion thing what is the about this recursion thing what is the. About this recursion thing what is the what is the use case that's driving the what is the use case that's driving the. What is the use case that's driving the the more complex like pretty good cheese the more complex like pretty good cheese. The more complex like pretty good cheese well the main reason for having the well the main reason for having the. Well the main reason for having the predicate trees is just that it's a lot predicate trees is just that it's a lot. Predicate trees is just that it's a lot like it's a lot more powerful than like it's a lot more powerful than. Like it's a lot more powerful than having Linear's like signer weights having Linear's like signer weights. Having Linear's like signer weights basically like what we have on accounts basically like what we have on accounts. Basically like what we have on accounts I like there are very simple situations I like there are very simple situations. I like there are very simple situations where you would want an or for example where you would want an or for example. Where you would want an or for example or maybe even an and or an or for or maybe even an and or an or for. Or maybe even an and or an or for example like you might want a situation example like you might want a situation. Example like you might want a situation where it's like from now until this time where it's like from now until this time. Where it's like from now until this time I can do something and then from some I can do something and then from some. I can do something and then from some future time until some other future time future time until some other future time. Future time until some other future time I again have the right to do something I again have the right to do something. I again have the right to do something and now you've automatically got this and now you've automatically got this. And now you've automatically got this tree structure implicitly so but no but tree structure implicitly so but no but. Tree structure implicitly so but no but you can already have this because you you can already have this because you. You can already have this because you already have multiple claimants right so already have multiple claimants right so. Already have multiple claimants right so claimants are unique claimants are unique. Claimants are unique right now they don't support repetition right now they don't support repetition. Right now they don't support repetition but we could do repetition sorry but oh but we could do repetition sorry but oh. But we could do repetition sorry but oh you're saying even the subunits of the you're saying even the subunits of the. You're saying even the subunits of the claimants if you have a conjunction of claimants if you have a conjunction of. Claimants if you have a conjunction of me before Tuesday and me after Thursday me before Tuesday and me after Thursday. Me before Tuesday and me after Thursday you're saying those are the same you're saying those are the same. You're saying those are the same claimant so the same claimant has claimant so the same claimant has. Claimant so the same claimant has appeared multiple pi correct and that appeared multiple pi correct and that. Appeared multiple pi correct and that would be invalid so yes I don't see why would be invalid so yes I don't see why. Would be invalid so yes I don't see why would you prohibit that like I can would you prohibit that like I can. Would you prohibit that like I can actually see a number of reasons why you actually see a number of reasons why you. Actually see a number of reasons why you might want to do that because like maybe. Might want to do that because like maybe might want to do that because like maybe. You want to maybe you want to be able to you want to maybe you want to be able to. You want to maybe you want to be able to be claimed by like a two out of three be claimed by like a two out of three. Be claimed by like a two out of three configuration and so like you know I configuration and so like you know I. Configuration and so like you know I should be able to sign on two of the should be able to sign on two of the. Should be able to sign on two of the claimants for example so having repeated claimants for example so having repeated. Claimants for example so having repeated claimants actually seems like a very claimants actually seems like a very. Claimants actually seems like a very useful thing unlike this this useful thing unlike this this. Useful thing unlike this this alternating and in or four times I'm not alternating and in or four times I'm not. Alternating and in or four times I'm not I'm not sure I understand why the I'm not sure I understand why the. I'm not sure I understand why the repeating would be useful like other repeating would be useful like other. Repeating would be useful like other than in this disjunctive normal form at than in this disjunctive normal form at. Than in this disjunctive normal form at world like why what usage could possibly world like why what usage could possibly. World like why what usage could possibly come from that it's strictly less come from that it's strictly less. Come from that it's strictly less powerful than the tree like anything you powerful than the tree like anything you. Powerful than the tree like anything you can do with the tree you could also do can do with the tree you could also do. Can do with the tree you could also do with the claimants like repeated with the claimants like repeated. With the claimants like repeated claimants but the opposite anyway I want to come back to like then. Anyway I want to come back to like then I don't want to spend time about this if I don't want to spend time about this if. I don't want to spend time about this if nobody's concerned about this recursion nobody's concerned about this recursion. Nobody's concerned about this recursion issue like my stamps on the recursion issue like my stamps on the recursion. Issue like my stamps on the recursion issue is that if the recursion issue issue is that if the recursion issue. Issue is that if the recursion issue comes into play you already have a comes into play you already have a. Comes into play you already have a security vulnerability because your XDR security vulnerability because your XDR. Security vulnerability because your XDR compiler doesn't handle recursion well compiler doesn't handle recursion well. Compiler doesn't handle recursion well or your XDR library doesn't handle or your XDR library doesn't handle. Or your XDR library doesn't handle conversion look Oh recursion well so not conversion look Oh recursion well so not. Conversion look Oh recursion well so not but the question is like do we define a but the question is like do we define a. But the question is like do we define a depth specifically for this data depth specifically for this data. Depth specifically for this data structure or we just expect to conform structure or we just expect to conform. Structure or we just expect to conform to whatever your XD our parser knows how to whatever your XD our parser knows how. To whatever your XD our parser knows how to do this one has a big depth limit to do this one has a big depth limit. To do this one has a big depth limit there are two paths to it yeah there are there are two paths to it yeah there are. There are two paths to it yeah there are two paths straight right there from a two paths straight right there from a. Two paths straight right there from a security standpoint you want to be able security standpoint you want to be able. Security standpoint you want to be able like you shouldn't never use in you know like you shouldn't never use in you know. Like you shouldn't never use in you know unbounded num you know amount of memory unbounded num you know amount of memory. Unbounded num you know amount of memory if you get untrusted if you get untrusted. If you get untrusted data on the wire right and then there is data on the wire right and then there is. Data on the wire right and then there is the second part that is a protocol and the second part that is a protocol and. The second part that is a protocol and fourth thing that is what is the maximum fourth thing that is what is the maximum. Fourth thing that is what is the maximum depth and it's fall so they in that case. Depth and it's fall so they in that case depth and it's fall so they in that case. If that's really what we're gonna do I if that's really what we're gonna do I if that's really what we're gonna do I. Would argue against the the maximum would argue against the the maximum would argue against the the maximum. Depth because because that's hard to depth because because that's hard to depth because because that's hard to. Implement right so people get it wrong implement right so people get it wrong implement right so people get it wrong. If we just have a maximum do we have a if we just have a maximum do we have a if we just have a maximum do we have a. Maximum transaction size because then maximum transaction size because then maximum transaction size because then. Because the thing is like and maximum because the thing is like and maximum because the thing is like and maximum. Transaction size would at least be easy transaction size would at least be easy transaction size would at least be easy. To enforce where did I think I'd to enforce where did I think I'd to enforce where did I think I'd. Rather I'm not go that route because rather I'm not go that route because rather I'm not go that route because. Like right now like John said like the like right now like John said like the like right now like John said like the. Four as it's kind of a nice property four as it's kind of a nice property four as it's kind of a nice property. Where we don't have to deal with where we don't have to deal with where we don't have to deal with. Variable based reserve requirement only variable based reserve requirement only variable based reserve requirement only. As soon as we say we have we bound this as soon as we say we have we bound this as soon as we say we have we bound this. To the size of the transaction now to the size of the transaction now to the size of the transaction now. You're you're you have to come up with you're you're you have to come up with you're you're you have to come up with. An onion model so this for how much to an onion model so this for how much to an onion model so this for how much to. Charge for return because now like charge for return because now like charge for return because now like. They're all going to be potentially a they're all going to be potentially a they're all going to be potentially a. Lot more predicates that you can put lot more predicates that you can put lot more predicates that you can put. Kristin operations can get very big so Kristin operations can get very big so Kristin operations can get very big so. What's your how big is your like a bad what's your how big is your like a bad what's your how big is your like a bad. Payment is you know can get is very big payment is you know can get is very big payment is you know can get is very big. So how big is your implementation of the so how big is your implementation of the. So how big is your implementation of the of the recursion depth John how many of the recursion depth John how many. Of the recursion depth John how many lines I suppose for us lines I suppose for us. Lines I suppose for us Siddarth did it so I don't have it in my Siddarth did it so I don't have it in my. Siddarth did it so I don't have it in my head right now but I my guess is it's head right now but I my guess is it's. Head right now but I my guess is it's probably like on the order of 20 that's probably like on the order of 20 that's. Probably like on the order of 20 that's how much I think it would take me to how much I think it would take me to. How much I think it would take me to implement it and and how many places implement it and and how many places. Implement it and and how many places just invoke that function in the code just invoke that function in the code. Just invoke that function in the code because it seems like we're gonna have because it seems like we're gonna have. Because it seems like we're gonna have to check this in a bunch of different to check this in a bunch of different. To check this in a bunch of different places right everything is just one yeah places right everything is just one yeah. Places right everything is just one yeah it is very eight because they're it is very eight because they're. It is very eight because they're immutable so it's just like in the immutable so it's just like in the. Immutable so it's just like in the validity path you check like hey like validity path you check like hey like. Validity path you check like hey like how deep is this cool you're good how deep is this cool you're good. How deep is this cool you're good I mean and how so we need like a like I mean and how so we need like a like. I mean and how so we need like a like basically every we need a version in the basically every we need a version in the. Basically every we need a version in the SDK and then we need to like check that SDK and then we need to like check that. SDK and then we need to like check that the two are equivalent right it seems the two are equivalent right it seems. The two are equivalent right it seems like any time is it difference like any like any time is it difference like any. Like any time is it difference like any time an SDK can be convinced to create a time an SDK can be convinced to create a. Time an SDK can be convinced to create a transaction of Stellar core we'll transaction of Stellar core we'll. Transaction of Stellar core we'll consider consider consider are incorrect or invalid that's it. Are incorrect or invalid that's it are incorrect or invalid that's it that's it that's exploitable right. That's it that's exploitable right that's it that's exploitable right because I'll convince you that hey we're. Because I'll convince you that hey we're because I'll convince you that hey we're. Gonna do this thing where you can like gonna do this thing where you can like gonna do this thing where you can like. Get a claim a bunch of money or whatever get a claim a bunch of money or whatever. Get a claim a bunch of money or whatever and then it turns out that you can't and then it turns out that you can't. And then it turns out that you can't because Stellar core rejects the because Stellar core rejects the. Because Stellar core rejects the transaction so I really I don't like transaction so I really I don't like. Transaction so I really I don't like this idea but like yeah III don't think this idea but like yeah III don't think. This idea but like yeah III don't think we should never do it like they're we should never do it like they're. We should never do it like they're clearly times that's appropriate but it clearly times that's appropriate but it. Clearly times that's appropriate but it just it doesn't seem justified here to just it doesn't seem justified here to. Just it doesn't seem justified here to add like an extra validity role that is add like an extra validity role that is. Add like an extra validity role that is not like this is not a good argument I not like this is not a good argument I. Not like this is not a good argument I think because like in general like you think because like in general like you. Think because like in general like you have an expression and you're saying oh have an expression and you're saying oh. Have an expression and you're saying oh like I want to look at the expression like I want to look at the expression. Like I want to look at the expression and I expect it to just pass in call but and I expect it to just pass in call but. And I expect it to just pass in call but like really like if this expression is like really like if this expression is. Like really like if this expression is bogus like it doesn't matter like you bogus like it doesn't matter like you. Bogus like it doesn't matter like you know it's going to be invited later know it's going to be invited later. Know it's going to be invited later right so maybe the reasons we should right so maybe the reasons we should. Right so maybe the reasons we should make it as easy as possible for SDKs and make it as easy as possible for SDKs and. Make it as easy as possible for SDKs and other software in the Stellar ecosystem other software in the Stellar ecosystem. Other software in the Stellar ecosystem to replicate the validity rules of to replicate the validity rules of. To replicate the validity rules of Stellar transactions and obviously Stellar transactions and obviously. Stellar transactions and obviously sometimes we need to add extra logic but sometimes we need to add extra logic but. Sometimes we need to add extra logic but given that we haven't cited a single use. Given that we haven't cited a single use given that we haven't cited a single use. Case that it wouldn't be satisfied by by case that it wouldn't be satisfied by by. Case that it wouldn't be satisfied by by a a simpler approach here it just it a a simpler approach here it just it. A a simpler approach here it just it doesn't seem justified but again I mean doesn't seem justified but again I mean. Doesn't seem justified but again I mean I've said my piece I've said my piece I've said my piece. I'm not I don't object strongly enough I'm not I don't object strongly enough I'm not I don't object strongly enough. That I'm overruling this I did both to that I'm overruling this I did both to that I'm overruling this I did both to. Put this to FCP so you guys can heed my put this to FCP so you guys can heed my put this to FCP so you guys can heed my. Advice or ignore it I guess how would advice or ignore it I guess how would advice or ignore it I guess how would. You feel about the like the hard-coded you feel about the like the hard-coded you feel about the like the hard-coded. Thing the you know least one to three thing the you know least one to three thing the you know least one to three. Thing better much better because like thing better much better because like thing better much better because like. That would be easy to do and it wouldn't that would be easy to do and it wouldn't. That would be easy to do and it wouldn't really impact the implementation at all really impact the implementation at all. Really impact the implementation at all because all I would do in the because all I would do in the. Because all I would do in the implementation is just parse it once the implementation is just parse it once the. Implementation is just parse it once the real like the leaf four way or you know real like the leaf four way or you know. Real like the leaf four way or you know depth for way and then I would just depth for way and then I would just. Depth for way and then I would just parse it again as an infinitely recursos parse it again as an infinitely recursos. Parse it again as an infinitely recursos structure once I check that it's fine structure once I check that it's fine. Structure once I check that it's fine and you know and then you can just like and you know and then you can just like. And you know and then you can just like you know XDR start you know SDKs and you know XDR start you know SDKs and. You know XDR start you know SDKs and whatever could just parse it as the for whatever could just parse it as the for. Whatever could just parse it as the for depth version and it would just work out depth version and it would just work out. Depth version and it would just work out of the box of the box of the box yeah we would not even use the the one. Yeah we would not even use the the one yeah we would not even use the the one with the labels in call yeah we might. With the labels in call yeah we might with the labels in call yeah we might not even use the one with the labels in. Not even use the one with the labels in not even use the one with the labels in core exactly that's a good point because. Core exactly that's a good point because core exactly that's a good point because. We know that we're secure against we know that we're secure against we know that we're secure against. Arbitrary recursion so no no but the arbitrary recursion so no no but the arbitrary recursion so no no but the. Whole point is we want the logic in core whole point is we want the logic in core. Whole point is we want the logic in core to exactly match the logic in SDKs right. To exactly match the logic in SDKs right to exactly match the logic in SDKs right. So so the well I mean we're paying the so so the well I mean we're paying the so so the well I mean we're paying the. Sophistication is full maximum depth sophistication is full maximum depth sophistication is full maximum depth. Fall right so it would be the same spec fall right so it would be the same spec fall right so it would be the same spec. And they'll be giving a canned version and they'll be giving a canned version and they'll be giving a canned version. To educator to educator to educator I'm just for I'm very skeptical that I'm just for I'm very skeptical that. I'm just for I'm very skeptical that this the four is even necessary why this the four is even necessary why. This the four is even necessary why don't we start with two and then if we don't we start with two and then if we. Don't we start with two and then if we need for we can do it yeah we could need for we can do it yeah we could. Need for we can do it yeah we could start with two two is fine but I mean start with two two is fine but I mean. Start with two two is fine but I mean like two hasn't helped you a ton in the like two hasn't helped you a ton in the. Like two hasn't helped you a ton in the sense that like two has exactly the same sense that like two has exactly the same. Sense that like two has exactly the same constraints is full right like you'd constraints is full right like you'd. Constraints is full right like you'd still need to check the depths and still need to check the depths and. Still need to check the depths and everything well no because two is like everything well no because two is like. Everything well no because two is like much less unwieldy to do with like a much less unwieldy to do with like a. Much less unwieldy to do with like a leaf in an internal rate like now it's leaf in an internal rate like now it's. Leaf in an internal rate like now it's sort of it's not that bad to have two sort of it's not that bad to have two. Sort of it's not that bad to have two different types for it different types for it. Different types for it also you would need well I guess like do also you would need well I guess like do. Also you would need well I guess like do you mean - is in like Route one - because no I meant just like I just. Because no I meant just like I just meant when you have an and or an or it's meant when you have an and or an or it's. Meant when you have an and or an or it's an andron or of something that doesn't an andron or of something that doesn't. An andron or of something that doesn't include andin or of a leaf that's a lot include andin or of a leaf that's a lot. Include andin or of a leaf that's a lot more restrictive but again like what are more restrictive but again like what are. More restrictive but again like what are the use cases here this feels to me like. The use cases here this feels to me like the use cases here this feels to me like. Were we're building a mechanism without were we're building a mechanism without were we're building a mechanism without. An idea of the use case for the an idea of the use case for the an idea of the use case for the. Mechanism right and you can always go mechanism right and you can always go mechanism right and you can always go. You can always increase the depth right you can always increase the depth right you can always increase the depth right. That's not oh yeah that's that's a third that's not oh yeah that's that's a third. That's not oh yeah that's that's a third site you could always increase you know site you could always increase you know. Site you could always increase you know on the other hand you know it may turn on the other hand you know it may turn. On the other hand you know it may turn out that the the main bottleneck here is out that the the main bottleneck here is. Out that the the main bottleneck here is that it's like it may be like very that it's like it may be like very. That it's like it may be like very unintuitive to have like and an award unintuitive to have like and an award. Unintuitive to have like and an award like complicated boolean formulas for like complicated boolean formulas for. Like complicated boolean formulas for this stuff right like I think a simple this stuff right like I think a simple. This stuff right like I think a simple one level like a disjunction of one level like a disjunction of. One level like a disjunction of conjunctions conjunctions conjunctions is something that you know it - it. Is something that you know it - it is something that you know it - it really makes sense like okay there's. Really makes sense like okay there's really makes sense like okay there's like three conditions on which we can do. Like three conditions on which we can do like three conditions on which we can do. This it's like this and this are true or this it's like this and this are true or. This it's like this and this are true or this is true but once you start going to. This is true but once you start going to this is true but once you start going to. More than two deaths it starts becoming more than two deaths it starts becoming more than two deaths it starts becoming. Like fairly unintuitive like it's what like fairly unintuitive like it's what like fairly unintuitive like it's what. You you know expect to you know feed you you know expect to you know feed you you know expect to you know feed. Into your Sat solver because you've into your Sat solver because you've into your Sat solver because you've. Generated from whatever but but it's no generated from whatever but but it's no generated from whatever but but it's no. Longer gonna correspond to sort of longer gonna correspond to sort of longer gonna correspond to sort of. Simple human expectations so do we simple human expectations so do we simple human expectations so do we. Actually expect that we're gonna be actually expect that we're gonna be actually expect that we're gonna be. Having compilers generate these like having compilers generate these like having compilers generate these like. Really complicated predicates and that really complicated predicates and that really complicated predicates and that. We're just gonna trust these compilers we're just gonna trust these compilers we're just gonna trust these compilers. To do something sensible or do we just to do something sensible or do we just to do something sensible or do we just. Like if we have a use case for that I'm like if we have a use case for that I'm like if we have a use case for that I'm. Okay with it but until we do I'd say why okay with it but until we do I'd say why. Okay with it but until we do I'd say why not just defer having that complexity I not just defer having that complexity I. Not just defer having that complexity I mean I'm not opposed to going to - in mean I'm not opposed to going to - in. Mean I'm not opposed to going to - in the short term and making it super the short term and making it super. The short term and making it super simple and you know we can make it simple and you know we can make it. Simple and you know we can make it higher in the future when we need it higher in the future when we need it. Higher in the future when we need it like would that be difficult if we like would that be difficult if we. Like would that be difficult if we started shallow and decided that it started shallow and decided that it. Started shallow and decided that it needed to be deeper would it be needed to be deeper would it be. Needed to be deeper would it be difficult you know it'd be very easy I difficult you know it'd be very easy I. Difficult you know it'd be very easy I think that I have an idea how to think that I have an idea how to. Think that I have an idea how to implement this without the recursion implement this without the recursion. Implement this without the recursion maybe we can just allow the predicate to maybe we can just allow the predicate to. Maybe we can just allow the predicate to be an array of predicates and allow be an array of predicates and allow. Be an array of predicates and allow duplicate claimants in the conditions so duplicate claimants in the conditions so. Duplicate claimants in the conditions so with these two preconditions we can with these two preconditions we can. With these two preconditions we can implement both and and our cases because implement both and and our cases because. Implement both and and our cases because duplicate duplicate claimants for duplicate duplicate claimants for. Duplicate duplicate claimants for example two or more claimants with the example two or more claimants with the. Example two or more claimants with the same account ID with the same same account ID with the same. Same account ID with the same destination will allow to implement our destination will allow to implement our. Destination will allow to implement our cases and and making the predicate an array of. And making the predicate an array of predicates educates it makes they were predicates educates it makes they were. Predicates educates it makes they were all soon easier it's intuitive it's like all soon easier it's intuitive it's like. All soon easier it's intuitive it's like it makes sense it makes sense it makes sense. It is fairly expressive clearly there's it is fairly expressive clearly there's it is fairly expressive clearly there's. A lot of different opinions here so a lot of different opinions here so a lot of different opinions here so. Let's let's take this I think we've like let's let's take this I think we've like. Let's let's take this I think we've like we've talked out some of the details we've talked out some of the details. We've talked out some of the details okay take it to the mailing list and try okay take it to the mailing list and try. Okay take it to the mailing list and try to come up with what's the right thing to come up with what's the right thing. To come up with what's the right thing to do like the beautiful thing is like to do like the beautiful thing is like. To do like the beautiful thing is like none of these changes are going to be none of these changes are going to be. None of these changes are going to be very material to the implementation so very material to the implementation so. Very material to the implementation so we can plug in whichever one we kind of we can plug in whichever one we kind of. We can plug in whichever one we kind of think is the right one but I don't want think is the right one but I don't want. Think is the right one but I don't want to take the entire time of this meeting to take the entire time of this meeting. To take the entire time of this meeting talking about this one thing okay so the talking about this one thing okay so the. Talking about this one thing okay so the plan then is to make these suggestions plan then is to make these suggestions. Plan then is to make these suggestions on the mailing list evaluate them in on the mailing list evaluate them in. On the mailing list evaluate them in synchronously and choose one for the synchronously and choose one for the. Synchronously and choose one for the implementation soon okay that's what implementation soon okay that's what. Implementation soon okay that's what we'll do then email after this meeting we'll do then email after this meeting. We'll do then email after this meeting and kicking that off cool then I or and kicking that off cool then I or. And kicking that off cool then I or is there anything else that we need to is there anything else that we need to. Is there anything else that we need to cover on cap 23 or it's that sort of cover on cap 23 or it's that sort of. Cover on cap 23 or it's that sort of procedure forward with that I think we procedure forward with that I think we. Procedure forward with that I think we could probably take if people want to could probably take if people want to. Could probably take if people want to talk about the other thing about like talk about the other thing about like. Talk about the other thing about like changing this before-and-after notion to changing this before-and-after notion to. Changing this before-and-after notion to having a not we can do that but we can having a not we can do that but we can. Having a not we can do that but we can probably take that to the mailing list probably take that to the mailing list. Probably take that to the mailing list oops they're all kind of bundled up is oops they're all kind of bundled up is. Oops they're all kind of bundled up is one kind of topic so unless anybody one kind of topic so unless anybody. One kind of topic so unless anybody really wants to talk about that right really wants to talk about that right. Really wants to talk about that right now I'd say let's take it to the mailing now I'd say let's take it to the mailing. Now I'd say let's take it to the mailing list great think it's the mailing list list great think it's the mailing list. List great think it's the mailing list look out for that in your inbox everyone look out for that in your inbox everyone. Look out for that in your inbox everyone get excited so then we'll move on to get excited so then we'll move on to. get excited so then we'll move on to cap thirty-three sponsored reserves this cap thirty-three sponsored reserves this. Cap thirty-three sponsored reserves this proposal allows an entity to cover the proposal allows an entity to cover the. Proposal allows an entity to cover the reserve for accounts controlled by other reserve for accounts controlled by other. Reserve for accounts controlled by other parties without giving those parties parties without giving those parties. Parties without giving those parties control of the reserve that extends control of the reserve that extends. Control of the reserve that extends account entries and ledger entries so account entries and ledger entries so. Account entries and ledger entries so they were pertinent information about they were pertinent information about. They were pertinent information about sponsorships it creates new operations sponsorships it creates new operations. Sponsorships it creates new operations to initiate and terminate sponsorship to initiate and terminate sponsorship. To initiate and terminate sponsorship and to update sponsorship information and to update sponsorship information. And to update sponsorship information for existing ledger entries the goal is for existing ledger entries the goal is. For existing ledger entries the goal is to allow asset issuers and while it's to allow asset issuers and while it's. To allow asset issuers and while it's never user reserves basically one issue never user reserves basically one issue. Never user reserves basically one issue came up which is that there came up which is that there. Came up which is that there was some incompatibility with step 30 was some incompatibility with step 30. Was some incompatibility with step 30 which is a Stellar ecosystem proposal which is a Stellar ecosystem proposal. Which is a Stellar ecosystem proposal that defines an API to allow users to that defines an API to allow users to. That defines an API to allow users to regain access to a Stellar account after regain access to a Stellar account after. Regain access to a Stellar account after they've lost their private key without they've lost their private key without. They've lost their private key without providing any third-party control of providing any third-party control of. Providing any third-party control of that account and so I think these that account and so I think these. That account and so I think these there's been some investigation of how there's been some investigation of how. There's been some investigation of how to deal with potential incompatibilities to deal with potential incompatibilities. To deal with potential incompatibilities and I'll turn it over to you yeah I can and I'll turn it over to you yeah I can. And I'll turn it over to you yeah I can give just a quick description of what give just a quick description of what. Give just a quick description of what the incompatibility is and then we've the incompatibility is and then we've. The incompatibility is and then we've got a short-term fix at the SAP level got a short-term fix at the SAP level. Got a short-term fix at the SAP level and then John will talk about a and then John will talk about a. And then John will talk about a potential way we might want to think potential way we might want to think. Potential way we might want to think about this at the protocol level later about this at the protocol level later. About this at the protocol level later on as well so the incompatibility is on as well so the incompatibility is. On as well so the incompatibility is that Sept 30 that Sept 30 that Sept 30 the server that implements Sept 30. The server that implements Sept 30 the server that implements Sept 30 because of signing transactions for. Because of signing transactions for because of signing transactions for multiple accounts it has this rule to. Multiple accounts it has this rule to multiple accounts it has this rule to find intercept that says that the server. Find intercept that says that the server find intercept that says that the server. Should only sign a transaction if the should only sign a transaction if the should only sign a transaction if the. Operations and the source Canon the operations and the source Canon the operations and the source Canon the. Source count on their transaction and source count on their transaction and source count on their transaction and. The operations is for the the account the operations is for the the account the operations is for the the account. That's registered the account for the that's registered the account for the that's registered the account for the. Signing for and the latest version the signing for and the latest version the signing for and the latest version the. Cap 33 has things like adding signers cap 33 has things like adding signers cap 33 has things like adding signers. Including other operations that have to including other operations that have to including other operations that have to. Be signed by the sponsor account so be signed by the sponsor account so be signed by the sponsor account so. Because this transaction that adds a because this transaction that adds a because this transaction that adds a. Signer that's sponsored it has multiple signer that's sponsored it has multiple signer that's sponsored it has multiple. Accounts signing it as have 30 server accounts signing it as have 30 server accounts signing it as have 30 server. Would reject this transaction so the would reject this transaction so the would reject this transaction so the. Short term fixed that we're thinking of short term fixed that we're thinking of short term fixed that we're thinking of. For at the SAP level is just to alter for at the SAP level is just to alter for at the SAP level is just to alter. That rule so that a Sept 30 server that rule so that a Sept 30 server that rule so that a Sept 30 server. Implementation can choose to allow the implementation can choose to allow the implementation can choose to allow the. Sauce account of operations to include sauce account of operations to include sauce account of operations to include. Some limited set of accounts that are some limited set of accounts that are some limited set of accounts that are. Knows that you won't be signing knows that you won't be signing knows that you won't be signing. Transactions for and that should allow transactions for and that should allow transactions for and that should allow. Asked I'd say the sponsor to that list asked I'd say the sponsor to that list asked I'd say the sponsor to that list. Of limited limited sub and would allow of limited limited sub and would allow of limited limited sub and would allow. Those transactions to be signed and John those transactions to be signed and John. Those transactions to be signed and John also has an idea of how to deal with also has an idea of how to deal with. Also has an idea of how to deal with this in another way at the protocol this in another way at the protocol. This in another way at the protocol level do you want to go level do you want to go. Level do you want to go you wanna shut up yeah I wasn't sure you you wanna shut up yeah I wasn't sure you. You wanna shut up yeah I wasn't sure you were done talking didn't want to were done talking didn't want to. Were done talking didn't want to interrupt you so this this harks back to interrupt you so this this harks back to. Interrupt you so this this harks back to a super-duper old issue from actually a super-duper old issue from actually. A super-duper old issue from actually opened by Jeremy Rubin like out of more opened by Jeremy Rubin like out of more. Opened by Jeremy Rubin like out of more than two years ago it's protocol issued than two years ago it's protocol issued. Than two years ago it's protocol issued number 93 if anybody's interested but number 93 if anybody's interested but. Number 93 if anybody's interested but basically Germany's observation was that basically Germany's observation was that. Basically Germany's observation was that signing transactions in the world of signing transactions in the world of. Signing transactions in the world of Stellar is very susceptible to the Stellar is very susceptible to the. Stellar is very susceptible to the confused deputy problem and the basic confused deputy problem and the basic. Confused deputy problem and the basic idea behind the confused deputy problem idea behind the confused deputy problem. Idea behind the confused deputy problem for people listening is basically like for people listening is basically like. For people listening is basically like or at least how it applies in the world or at least how it applies in the world. Or at least how it applies in the world of Stellar is suppose you have two of Stellar is suppose you have two. Of Stellar is suppose you have two accounts both of which that can be accounts both of which that can be. Accounts both of which that can be signed with a single with a single sign signed with a single with a single sign. Signed with a single with a single sign or a single private key and then you or a single private key and then you. Or a single private key and then you look at some transaction and you and look at some transaction and you and. Look at some transaction and you and somebody asks you to sign it for one of somebody asks you to sign it for one of. Somebody asks you to sign it for one of these two accounts but what you don't these two accounts but what you don't. These two accounts but what you don't realize is that it actually contains realize is that it actually contains. Realize is that it actually contains transact operations for the other transact operations for the other. Transact operations for the other account as well and you've now signed it account as well and you've now signed it. Account as well and you've now signed it for both accounts and it's good to go for both accounts and it's good to go. For both accounts and it's good to go and now you might have authorized and now you might have authorized. And now you might have authorized something that you did not mean to something that you did not mean to. Something that you did not mean to authorize there are other manifestations authorize there are other manifestations. Authorize there are other manifestations of this as well for example like it of this as well for example like it. Of this as well for example like it could be a more complicated world where could be a more complicated world where. Could be a more complicated world where like you have multiple keys and somebody like you have multiple keys and somebody. Like you have multiple keys and somebody asks you to sign for a certain set of asks you to sign for a certain set of. Asks you to sign for a certain set of keys and those keys combine to sign for keys and those keys combine to sign for. Keys and those keys combine to sign for some third account that you didn't some third account that you didn't. Some third account that you didn't realize you were signing for so at the realize you were signing for so at the. Realize you were signing for so at the time Jeremy opened this issue and asked time Jeremy opened this issue and asked. Time Jeremy opened this issue and asked a question which was something like John a question which was something like John. A question which was something like John will know the best way to implement this. Will know the best way to implement this will know the best way to implement this. That wasn't knowing but at the time that wasn't knowing but at the time that wasn't knowing but at the time. There was no way to implement that was there was no way to implement that was there was no way to implement that was. This that wasn't annoying because there this that wasn't annoying because there this that wasn't annoying because there. Was no way to change signatures but was no way to change signatures but was no way to change signatures but. Since David's cap 19 which got like since David's cap 19 which got like since David's cap 19 which got like. Subsumed into cap 15 and introduced the subsumed into cap 15 and introduced the subsumed into cap 15 and introduced the. New transaction envelopes we actually new transaction envelopes we actually new transaction envelopes we actually. Have the power to change signatures in a have the power to change signatures in a. Have the power to change signatures in a very clean way and so the gist of my very clean way and so the gist of my. Very clean way and so the gist of my proposal is basically to add a new kind proposal is basically to add a new kind. Proposal is basically to add a new kind of transaction envelope which we'll call of transaction envelope which we'll call. Of transaction envelope which we'll call like for the sake of this discussion like for the sake of this discussion. Like for the sake of this discussion transaction envelope no confused deputy transaction envelope no confused deputy. Transaction envelope no confused deputy but that's a terrible name we wouldn't but that's a terrible name we wouldn't. But that's a terrible name we wouldn't actually call it that I don't know I'm actually call it that I don't know I'm. Actually call it that I don't know I'm no good at names anyway somebody else no good at names anyway somebody else. No good at names anyway somebody else would probably think of it and basically would probably think of it and basically. Would probably think of it and basically what we would this transaction envelope what we would this transaction envelope. What we would this transaction envelope it would take the normal transaction but it would take the normal transaction but. It would take the normal transaction but it would require a different type of it would require a different type of. It would require a different type of signature and a different type of signature and a different type of. Signature and a different type of signature payload for that matter so signature payload for that matter so. Signature payload for that matter so transact signatures for an existing transact signatures for an existing. Transact signatures for an existing transaction like a train transaction like a train. Transaction like a train action v1 don't work here but these action v1 don't work here but these. Action v1 don't work here but these signatures would basically have a new signatures would basically have a new. Signatures would basically have a new bit field wrapped into the signature bit field wrapped into the signature. Bit field wrapped into the signature payload saying which operations you're payload saying which operations you're. Payload saying which operations you're signing for and also whether you're signing for and also whether you're. Signing for and also whether you're signing for the source account and then signing for the source account and then. Signing for the source account and then when you provide the decorated signature when you provide the decorated signature. When you provide the decorated signature you provide that bit field again and you provide that bit field again and. You provide that bit field again and since the signature is over that bit since the signature is over that bit. Since the signature is over that bit field you know that you've gotten the field you know that you've gotten the. Field you know that you've gotten the right data when you verify the signature right data when you verify the signature. Right data when you verify the signature like if you try to verify the signature like if you try to verify the signature. Like if you try to verify the signature it contains that big field and so you it contains that big field and so you. It contains that big field and so you know whether you have it or not and then know whether you have it or not and then. Know whether you have it or not and then you just apply the signature weight to you just apply the signature weight to. You just apply the signature weight to the operations and potentially the the operations and potentially the. The operations and potentially the source account that matched that bit source account that matched that bit. Source account that matched that bit field so this would be like a pretty field so this would be like a pretty. Field so this would be like a pretty clean approach and it would allow you to clean approach and it would allow you to. Clean approach and it would allow you to sign for like every single thing in a sign for like every single thing in a. Sign for like every single thing in a transaction anymore it's pretty neat transaction anymore it's pretty neat. Transaction anymore it's pretty neat it'd be some work to do and it would it'd be some work to do and it would. It'd be some work to do and it would require overhauling a lot of the Stellar require overhauling a lot of the Stellar. Require overhauling a lot of the Stellar core signature processing stuff but I core signature processing stuff but I. Core signature processing stuff but I don't think it'd be like breakingly don't think it'd be like breakingly. Don't think it'd be like breakingly challenge challenging excuse me but to challenge challenging excuse me but to. Challenge challenging excuse me but to be clear the idea would be to try to be clear the idea would be to try to. Be clear the idea would be to try to proceed with cap 33 now and work on proceed with cap 33 now and work on. Proceed with cap 33 now and work on these changes later yes exactly I mean these changes later yes exactly I mean. These changes later yes exactly I mean like from my perspective as long as like from my perspective as long as. Like from my perspective as long as there's a way to solve the problem and there's a way to solve the problem and. There's a way to solve the problem and we're recognizing that like the problem we're recognizing that like the problem. We're recognizing that like the problem is beyond the scope of cap 33 it's kind is beyond the scope of cap 33 it's kind. Is beyond the scope of cap 33 it's kind of like we could always choose to do of like we could always choose to do. Of like we could always choose to do this if people are encountering this this if people are encountering this. This if people are encountering this problem all the time whereas like if we problem all the time whereas like if we. Problem all the time whereas like if we had no proposed solution at all then had no proposed solution at all then. Had no proposed solution at all then that's a lot scarier right I mean I that's a lot scarier right I mean I. That's a lot scarier right I mean I suppose we can also see how many people suppose we can also see how many people. Suppose we can also see how many people use some 30 and how the set level change use some 30 and how the set level change. Use some 30 and how the set level change affects people and whether it's not the affects people and whether it's not the. Affects people and whether it's not the problem legitimate right yeah I think I problem legitimate right yeah I think I. Problem legitimate right yeah I think I think that the reason that this think that the reason that this. Think that the reason that this incompatibility and compatibility is incompatibility and compatibility is. Incompatibility and compatibility is important is that people who use cap 33 important is that people who use cap 33. Important is that people who use cap 33 other people we may use accept 30 and other people we may use accept 30 and. Other people we may use accept 30 and vice versa and as comparing 20 years vice versa and as comparing 20 years. Vice versa and as comparing 20 years both but yeah I think we there's no both but yeah I think we there's no. Both but yeah I think we there's no reason to change that cap 33 because of reason to change that cap 33 because of. Reason to change that cap 33 because of this problem I think what John is saying this problem I think what John is saying. This problem I think what John is saying is right this this is an underlying is right this this is an underlying. Is right this this is an underlying issue that we should address on the time issue that we should address on the time. Issue that we should address on the time and we do have a way to move forward and we do have a way to move forward. And we do have a way to move forward with this up with sub-30 with this up with sub-30. With this up with sub-30 we have 33 together anyway alright it looks like there's one other. Alright it looks like there's one other issue here about changing sponsorship issue here about changing sponsorship. Issue here about changing sponsorship checks the truth sorry I was trying to checks the truth sorry I was trying to. Checks the truth sorry I was trying to remember what the what I from applying remember what the what I from applying. Remember what the what I from applying to the validity yeah so right now the to the validity yeah so right now the. To the validity yeah so right now the way that the cap 33 is written the way way that the cap 33 is written the way. Way that the cap 33 is written the way that I've been implementing it like we that I've been implementing it like we. That I've been implementing it like we we would accept transactions that have we would accept transactions that have. We would accept transactions that have like for example like bad bad sandwich like for example like bad bad sandwich. Like for example like bad bad sandwich egg but these transactions are 100% egg but these transactions are 100%. Egg but these transactions are 100% guaranteed to fail at the time of apply guaranteed to fail at the time of apply. Guaranteed to fail at the time of apply you don't need like normally when we do you don't need like normally when we do. You don't need like normally when we do validity checks we're doing them on a validity checks we're doing them on a. Validity checks we're doing them on a single operation level but like the single operation level but like the. Single operation level but like the reason for that is normally just because reason for that is normally just because. Reason for that is normally just because operations have side effects and we operations have side effects and we. Operations have side effects and we can't necessarily tell what they are but can't necessarily tell what they are but. Can't necessarily tell what they are but for all of these sponsorship operations for all of these sponsorship operations. For all of these sponsorship operations like for beginning and ending in the like for beginning and ending in the. Like for beginning and ending in the sandwich King like you don't need to do sandwich King like you don't need to do. Sandwich King like you don't need to do anything to note like I can look at a anything to note like I can look at a. Anything to note like I can look at a transaction and tell you if it's transaction and tell you if it's. Transaction and tell you if it's properly sandwiched without applying any properly sandwiched without applying any. Properly sandwiched without applying any of the intermediate operations and so of the intermediate operations and so. Of the intermediate operations and so the question is whether we should allow the question is whether we should allow. The question is whether we should allow these transactions to make it to apply these transactions to make it to apply. These transactions to make it to apply time and then fail at that point for time and then fail at that point for. Time and then fail at that point for being improperly sandwiched or whether being improperly sandwiched or whether. Being improperly sandwiched or whether we should just say like no your we should just say like no your. We should just say like no your transaction stupid and it's invalid transaction stupid and it's invalid. Transaction stupid and it's invalid doing that would probably require some doing that would probably require some. Doing that would probably require some new machinery but like it's not new machinery but like it's not. New machinery but like it's not conceptually hard at all it's just new conceptually hard at all it's just new. Conceptually hard at all it's just new stuff to build whereas doing it at apply stuff to build whereas doing it at apply. Stuff to build whereas doing it at apply time is very easy which is why I took time is very easy which is why I took. Time is very easy which is why I took that approach but it has the that approach but it has the. That approach but it has the disadvantage of allowing people to spend disadvantage of allowing people to spend. Disadvantage of allowing people to spend money on stuff that and also spend time money on stuff that and also spend time. Money on stuff that and also spend time on the network with stuff that's like on the network with stuff that's like. On the network with stuff that's like obviously not going to work so I don't obviously not going to work so I don't. Obviously not going to work so I don't know know know people have a strong feeling about this. People have a strong feeling about this people have a strong feeling about this I know I've discussed it with Nikolai. I know I've discussed it with Nikolai I know I've discussed it with Nikolai before but I don't know whether he what. Before but I don't know whether he what before but I don't know whether he what I don't really know which way he wants. I don't really know which way he wants I don't really know which way he wants to go with that really cold it's worth I. To go with that really cold it's worth I to go with that really cold it's worth I. Would have thought we would check this would have thought we would check this would have thought we would check this. Kind of thing in the SDKs as well even kind of thing in the SDKs as well even kind of thing in the SDKs as well even. Possibly in horizon I mean actually possibly in horizon I mean actually possibly in horizon I mean actually. Thought about it but as you say it seems thought about it but as you say it seems. Thought about it but as you say it seems trivial to check I mean like yeah like trivial to check I mean like yeah like. Trivial to check I mean like yeah like for me it seems like it would be a good for me it seems like it would be a good. For me it seems like it would be a good candidate to have this as the validation candidate to have this as the validation. Candidate to have this as the validation step because it you know I'm trying to step because it you know I'm trying to. Step because it you know I'm trying to its a usability thing I think that said its a usability thing I think that said. Its a usability thing I think that said you know if if we if we think that some you know if if we if we think that some. You know if if we if we think that some bitching is more like remote in kind of bitching is more like remote in kind of. Bitching is more like remote in kind of a niche thing maybe it's not worth it I a niche thing maybe it's not worth it I. A niche thing maybe it's not worth it I mean either way is fine to me it's it's mean either way is fine to me it's it's. Mean either way is fine to me it's it's more like yeah trade-off of were classes more like yeah trade-off of were classes. More like yeah trade-off of were classes because we can always change that later because we can always change that later. Because we can always change that later on to so it's not like that's exactly is on to so it's not like that's exactly is. On to so it's not like that's exactly is gonna say that we always have the power gonna say that we always have the power. Gonna say that we always have the power to change this later I also don't think to change this later I also don't think. To change this later I also don't think it makes a huge difference to usability it makes a huge difference to usability. It makes a huge difference to usability because somebody's running these types because somebody's running these types. Because somebody's running these types of transactions is probably gonna be of transactions is probably gonna be. Of transactions is probably gonna be running a lot of these transactions so running a lot of these transactions so. Running a lot of these transactions so they're gonna find out really early in they're gonna find out really early in. They're gonna find out really early in development like they're not kind of development like they're not kind of. Development like they're not kind of hopefully I hope I think I'm likely then hopefully I hope I think I'm likely then. Hopefully I hope I think I'm likely then they kind of run like 10,000 of these they kind of run like 10,000 of these. They kind of run like 10,000 of these transactions and then see them or fail transactions and then see them or fail. Transactions and then see them or fail they're probably going to run one during they're probably going to run one during. They're probably going to run one during testing see a fail fix the code and then. Testing see a fail fix the code and then testing see a fail fix the code and then. Move on then there is a strong point this is then there is a strong point this is. Like a kind of like an enterprise tool like a kind of like an enterprise tool like a kind of like an enterprise tool. Not really an individual user tool yeah not really an individual user tool yeah not really an individual user tool yeah. And if it is a user tool it's probably and if it is a user tool it's probably and if it is a user tool it's probably. Not gonna be at a scale that is okay so not gonna be at a scale that is okay so not gonna be at a scale that is okay so. It seems like the answer is don't worry it seems like the answer is don't worry it seems like the answer is don't worry. About that great are there any other are about that great are there any other are. About that great are there any other are there any other sort of comments there any other sort of comments. There any other sort of comments questions or suggestions about Kathy actually not as I mentioned earlier. Actually not as I mentioned earlier ambit worried about the locked phones ambit worried about the locked phones. Ambit worried about the locked phones clawback logic without it this proposal clawback logic without it this proposal. Clawback logic without it this proposal seems incomplete and sponsor the sponsor seems incomplete and sponsor the sponsor. Seems incomplete and sponsor the sponsor sponsoring entity has no means to sponsoring entity has no means to. Sponsoring entity has no means to recover its phones from government recover its phones from government. Recover its phones from government sponsored accounts we agreed to sync on sponsored accounts we agreed to sync on. Sponsored accounts we agreed to sync on this later so just with the record I this later so just with the record I. This later so just with the record I think it's important to articulate this think it's important to articulate this. Think it's important to articulate this towards the timeline for this feature towards the timeline for this feature. Towards the timeline for this feature like this year the desired feature list like this year the desired feature list. Like this year the desired feature list is fully parked but next year will is fully parked but next year will. Is fully parked but next year will definitely introduce some way to deal definitely introduce some way to deal. Definitely introduce some way to deal with such situations because companies with such situations because companies. With such situations because companies that are willing to sponsor reserves for that are willing to sponsor reserves for. That are willing to sponsor reserves for their client accounts must have their client accounts must have. Their client accounts must have confidence that they will be able to confidence that they will be able to. Confidence that they will be able to claim the walked funds in the future I claim the walked funds in the future I. Claim the walked funds in the future I think it's important but if you if you think it's important but if you if you. Think it's important but if you if you have some ideas about how to do this I have some ideas about how to do this I. Have some ideas about how to do this I mean like I would definitely welcome a mean like I would definitely welcome a. Mean like I would definitely welcome a proposal about how to do this I proposal about how to do this I. Proposal about how to do this I definitely think that be a be valuable I definitely think that be a be valuable I. Definitely think that be a be valuable I haven't I haven't really spent any time haven't I haven't really spent any time. Haven't I haven't really spent any time thinking about how to do this other than thinking about how to do this other than. Thinking about how to do this other than the fact that it's like probably the fact that it's like probably. The fact that it's like probably possible with the current design albeit possible with the current design albeit. Possible with the current design albeit like probably not that easy but yeah if like probably not that easy but yeah if. Like probably not that easy but yeah if you have a you have a you have a like definitely like submitted proposal. Like definitely like submitted proposal like definitely like submitted proposal I'll definitely look at it so I spent. I'll definitely look at it so I spent I'll definitely look at it so I spent like a ton of time thinking about this I. Like a ton of time thinking about this I like a ton of time thinking about this I. Have lots of context on it sure have lots of context on it sure have lots of context on it sure.  okay great I mean I feel like even okay great I mean I feel like even. Though there's it seems like there's though there's it seems like there's though there's it seems like there's. Still a little bit to be resolved on still a little bit to be resolved on still a little bit to be resolved on. Uncap 23:33 it's feeling like it's in a uncap 23:33 it's feeling like it's in a uncap 23:33 it's feeling like it's in a. Pretty good spot and obviously these are pretty good spot and obviously these are. Pretty good spot and obviously these are things that were intending to include in. Things that were intending to include in things that were intending to include in. Protocol 14 and already the horizon team protocol 14 and already the horizon team. Protocol 14 and already the horizon team and people that work on SDKs have and people that work on SDKs have. And people that work on SDKs have started to think about what that means started to think about what that means. Started to think about what that means and so I know Eric put together a and so I know Eric put together a. And so I know Eric put together a working group to to sort of go through working group to to sort of go through. Working group to to sort of go through some of the issues figure out some some of the issues figure out some. Some of the issues figure out some decisions and I think he's going to give decisions and I think he's going to give. Decisions and I think he's going to give us a summary of where they're at yeah I us a summary of where they're at yeah I. Us a summary of where they're at yeah I don't have a same person except to say don't have a same person except to say. Don't have a same person except to say that we had a lot of discussions we went that we had a lot of discussions we went. That we had a lot of discussions we went through and tried to think about use through and tried to think about use. Through and tried to think about use cases and then we tried to think about cases and then we tried to think about. Cases and then we tried to think about how this stuff would actually work and how this stuff would actually work and. How this stuff would actually work and we came up with problems and the caps we came up with problems and the caps. We came up with problems and the caps and we went back and modified the cap and we went back and modified the cap. And we went back and modified the cap and then we came back again we went and then we came back again we went. And then we came back again we went round asleep a few times it was really round asleep a few times it was really. Round asleep a few times it was really really useful I've linked our discussion really useful I've linked our discussion. Really useful I've linked our discussion doc in our agenda that you can look at doc in our agenda that you can look at. Doc in our agenda that you can look at to see kind of the gory details an FAQ to see kind of the gory details an FAQ. To see kind of the gory details an FAQ that's coming out of this which will be that's coming out of this which will be. That's coming out of this which will be helpful for the ecosystem I think and helpful for the ecosystem I think and. Helpful for the ecosystem I think and the outcome now I think is that we have the outcome now I think is that we have. The outcome now I think is that we have a spec that's pretty solid so there are a spec that's pretty solid so there are. A spec that's pretty solid so there are two issues in the go mono repo 2787 and two issues in the go mono repo 2787 and. Two issues in the go mono repo 2787 and 2788 2788 2788 that you can have a look up that really. That you can have a look up that really that you can have a look up that really described the end points that we expect. Described the end points that we expect described the end points that we expect in horizon and the work that we expect. In horizon and the work that we expect in horizon and the work that we expect to do in the SDKs and anything that's. To do in the SDKs and anything that's to do in the SDKs and anything that's remaining that's unclear I'm kind of. Remaining that's unclear I'm kind of remaining that's unclear I'm kind of satisfied is implementation that all. Satisfied is implementation that all satisfied is implementation that all problems how do you put things in what. Problems how do you put things in what problems how do you put things in what tables that kind of stuff so I'm pretty. Tables that kind of stuff so I'm pretty tables that kind of stuff so I'm pretty happy with it the only other thing to. Mention I'm just going to mention this mention I'm just going to mention this briefly I know they didn't really want. Briefly I know they didn't really want briefly I know they didn't really want me to. Me to me to there is a naming question in the cap 33 there is a naming question in the cap 33. There is a naming question in the cap 33 whether we should rename these whether we should rename these. Whether we should rename these operations there's something more clear operations there's something more clear. Operations there's something more clear because one of the things that we ran because one of the things that we ran. Because one of the things that we ran into in this discussion was that we kept into in this discussion was that we kept. Into in this discussion was that we kept getting confused about what certain getting confused about what certain. Getting confused about what certain operations actually meant and if we're operations actually meant and if we're. Operations actually meant and if we're confused then everybody else is going to confused then everybody else is going to. Confused then everybody else is going to be confused this is relevant to horizon be confused this is relevant to horizon. Be confused this is relevant to horizon because we have to name our SDK because we have to name our SDK. Because we have to name our SDK functions and our own points according functions and our own points according. Functions and our own points according to what we decide the actual operations to what we decide the actual operations. To what we decide the actual operations are so there's a mailing list discussion are so there's a mailing list discussion. Are so there's a mailing list discussion about that I'm hoping we'll get an about that I'm hoping we'll get an. About that I'm hoping we'll get an agreement on it I like the new names I agreement on it I like the new names I. Agreement on it I like the new names I think we should keep them but we'll need think we should keep them but we'll need. Think we should keep them but we'll need that in order to actually make the final. That in order to actually make the final that in order to actually make the final. Implementation what are the new names implementation what are the new names implementation what are the new names. And one your news sure yeah I don't have and one your news sure yeah I don't have. And one your news sure yeah I don't have an issue talk about the sponsoring an issue talk about the sponsoring. An issue talk about the sponsoring future as I think so the sponsoring future as I think so the sponsoring. Future as I think so the sponsoring future reserves confirm and clear future reserves confirm and clear. Future reserves confirm and clear sponsorship and then update sponsorship sponsorship and then update sponsorship. Sponsorship and then update sponsorship they were the original and the new they were the original and the new. They were the original and the new proposed names are begin sponsoring proposed names are begin sponsoring. Proposed names are begin sponsoring futures as hen's sponsoring future futures as hen's sponsoring future. Futures as hen's sponsoring future reserves so it's really clear that reserves so it's really clear that. Reserves so it's really clear that that's a sandwich and then the third that's a sandwich and then the third. That's a sandwich and then the third operation renamed from update operation renamed from update. Operation renamed from update sponsorship to revoke sponsorship sponsorship to revoke sponsorship. Sponsorship to revoke sponsorship because that third operation is signed because that third operation is signed. Because that third operation is signed by the person letting go of a by the person letting go of a. By the person letting go of a sponsorship or letting go of paying the sponsorship or letting go of paying the. Sponsorship or letting go of paying the reserve for the account yeah I agree reserve for the account yeah I agree. Reserve for the account yeah I agree with all three of those particularly the with all three of those particularly the. With all three of those particularly the third one yeah that seems nice and clear. Third one yeah that seems nice and clear third one yeah that seems nice and clear. I mean there's a lot of there's a lot of I mean there's a lot of there's a lot of. I mean there's a lot of there's a lot of letters and some of those names for letters and some of those names for. Letters and some of those names for super clear we're gonna hit our 80 super clear we're gonna hit our 80. Super clear we're gonna hit our 80 character limit yeah on the lines of the character limit yeah on the lines of the. Character limit yeah on the lines of the HDR file after like one word so as far HDR file after like one word so as far. HDR file after like one word so as far as you can see right now from your point as you can see right now from your point. As you can see right now from your point of view and no surprise database of view and no surprise database. Of view and no surprise database migrations it looks good to me migrations it looks good to me. Migrations it looks good to me yeah I'm pretty happy with it cool any yeah I'm pretty happy with it cool any. Yeah I'm pretty happy with it cool any any other questions about sort of prep any other questions about sort of prep. Any other questions about sort of prep for protocol 14 downstream or about for protocol 14 downstream or about. For protocol 14 downstream or about whatever just whatever just whatever just I guess it's worth mentioning as well. I guess it's worth mentioning as well I guess it's worth mentioning as well that I expect us to begin implementation. That I expect us to begin implementation that I expect us to begin implementation. Of this in our next sprint which will be of this in our next sprint which will be. Of this in our next sprint which will be in about a week in a house type unless in about a week in a house type unless. In about a week in a house type unless something comes up to dissuade us or ask something comes up to dissuade us or ask. Something comes up to dissuade us or ask us to spend more time so those like us to spend more time so those like. Us to spend more time so those like pending decisions about cap 23 think pending decisions about cap 23 think. Pending decisions about cap 23 think they have they have an impact on that they have they have an impact on that. They have they have an impact on that timetable that's significant that's more timetable that's significant that's more. Timetable that's significant that's more exciting Eric hopefully I'll have exciting Eric hopefully I'll have. Exciting Eric hopefully I'll have something decently functional for you something decently functional for you. Something decently functional for you guys to test off up by then yeah when guys to test off up by then yeah when. Guys to test off up by then yeah when you can get me a cool build ok going that looks like there's one final small. That looks like there's one final small issue which is started as issue 622 issue which is started as issue 622. Issue which is started as issue 622 change clothes time semantics I think change clothes time semantics I think. Change clothes time semantics I think it's now cap 34 or which is in the draft it's now cap 34 or which is in the draft. It's now cap 34 or which is in the draft you know you want to just summarize that. You know you want to just summarize that you know you want to just summarize that. Real quick real quick real quick yeah like the cap is not yet in a good yeah like the cap is not yet in a good. Yeah like the cap is not yet in a good transform it's really rough so I'll just transform it's really rough so I'll just. Transform it's really rough so I'll just focus on describing at a high level what. Focus on describing at a high level what focus on describing at a high level what. Its cap it's about which is actually its cap it's about which is actually its cap it's about which is actually. Yeah we had like a bunch of ideas going yeah we had like a bunch of ideas going yeah we had like a bunch of ideas going. Around in the issue itself and this is around in the issue itself and this is around in the issue itself and this is. The annoyance in the current protocol so the annoyance in the current protocol so. The annoyance in the current protocol so this is not impacting the SDKs or this is not impacting the SDKs or. This is not impacting the SDKs or horizon it's more in fact if the only horizon it's more in fact if the only. Horizon it's more in fact if the only people that are getting impacted are people that are getting impacted are. People that are getting impacted are going to be impacted in a positive way going to be impacted in a positive way. Going to be impacted in a positive way which are people that write transactions which are people that write transactions. Which are people that write transactions that in the context of smart contracts that in the context of smart contracts. That in the context of smart contracts that have expiration times and basically that have expiration times and basically. That have expiration times and basically closing a net case that nobody is closing a net case that nobody is. Closing a net case that nobody is probably aware of when the right those probably aware of when the right those. Probably aware of when the right those smart contracts that today a transaction smart contracts that today a transaction. Smart contracts that today a transaction can fail drink on Central Time basically. Can fail drink on Central Time basically can fail drink on Central Time basically. Consuming the sequence number even consuming the sequence number even consuming the sequence number even. Though the time bones that was specified would make this transaction invalid so would make this transaction invalid so. Basically like the typical scenario is basically like the typical scenario is basically like the typical scenario is. When it is smart contracts is you have when it is smart contracts is you have when it is smart contracts is you have. Mutually exclusive transactions on a mutually exclusive transactions on a mutually exclusive transactions on a. Time bound one is for example only valid time bound one is for example only valid. Time bound one is for example only valid before a certain date and the other is before a certain date and the other is. Before a certain date and the other is that it only after and then those are that it only after and then those are. That it only after and then those are like your two branches of execution like your two branches of execution. Like your two branches of execution basically and here what we have is it's basically and here what we have is it's. Basically and here what we have is it's possible that it's a the first one which possible that it's a the first one which. Possible that it's a the first one which is only valid before a certain time is only valid before a certain time. Is only valid before a certain time would be accepted for consensus then would be accepted for consensus then. Would be accepted for consensus then only you would find it to fail during only you would find it to fail during. Only you would find it to fail during consensus because the first time that consensus because the first time that. Consensus because the first time that was picked during consensus is actually was picked during consensus is actually. Was picked during consensus is actually incompatible with that conference incompatible with that conference. Incompatible with that conference actually this is very annoying because actually this is very annoying because. Actually this is very annoying because now if you have this one transaction now if you have this one transaction. Now if you have this one transaction failing in your branch that means like failing in your branch that means like. Failing in your branch that means like normally people what they do is they normally people what they do is they. Normally people what they do is they change transactions with with hashes change transactions with with hashes. Change transactions with with hashes right and now that particular path right and now that particular path. Right and now that particular path basically becomes possible because you basically becomes possible because you. Basically becomes possible because you consume the sequence number but she consume the sequence number but she. Consume the sequence number but she didn't actually execute that one didn't actually execute that one. Didn't actually execute that one transaction so that smart contract is transaction so that smart contract is. Transaction so that smart contract is gonna be in a broken state so it's it's gonna be in a broken state so it's it's. Gonna be in a broken state so it's it's a very edge it so it's a really an edge a very edge it so it's a really an edge. A very edge it so it's a really an edge case and because it's an edge case yeah case and because it's an edge case yeah. Case and because it's an edge case yeah we want to get rid of it anyway so the we want to get rid of it anyway so the. We want to get rid of it anyway so the fix for it that that we came up with fix for it that that we came up with. Fix for it that that we came up with with David was - during Constance is with David was - during Constance is. With David was - during Constance is basically this pick basically this pick basically this pick. As close time the one that is associated as close time the one that is associated. As close time the one that is associated with the transaction set so normally with the transaction set so normally. With the transaction set so normally when nodes nominate a value in general when nodes nominate a value in general. When nodes nominate a value in general so the value is made of transaction set so the value is made of transaction set. So the value is made of transaction set close time and upgrades right now what close time and upgrades right now what. Close time and upgrades right now what we do is that when we get at the end of we do is that when we get at the end of. We do is that when we get at the end of nomination we combine all those values nomination we combine all those values. Nomination we combine all those values into some more interesting value that is into some more interesting value that is. Into some more interesting value that is translate a transaction set that is one translate a transaction set that is one. Translate a transaction set that is one of the transaction sets that made that of the transaction sets that made that. Of the transaction sets that made that made it to the end of nomination made it to the end of nomination. Made it to the end of nomination and then a closed time that is the and then a closed time that is the. And then a closed time that is the biggest closed time biggest closed time biggest closed time. So instead what we're going to do is so instead what we're going to do is so instead what we're going to do is. Going to preserve the opportunity of going to preserve the opportunity of going to preserve the opportunity of. Transaction set to close time and by transaction set to close time and by transaction set to close time and by. Preserving the affinity what we can do preserving the affinity what we can do preserving the affinity what we can do. Is actually change the validity criteria is actually change the validity criteria. Is actually change the validity criteria for a transaction set I mean up for the for a transaction set I mean up for the. For a transaction set I mean up for the pair transaction set close time to only pair transaction set close time to only. Pair transaction set close time to only allow transactions that are going to not allow transactions that are going to not. Allow transactions that are going to not be expired with the that given be expired with the that given. Be expired with the that given transaction set so basically it's transaction set so basically it's. Transaction set so basically it's pushing the burden through the nominated pushing the burden through the nominated. Pushing the burden through the nominated value it sums up like the actual the value it sums up like the actual the. Value it sums up like the actual the actual change is that and then and then actual change is that and then and then. Actual change is that and then and then will will kit will basically not even will will kit will basically not even. Will will kit will basically not even include those transactions that would include those transactions that would. Include those transactions that would expire between two Ledger's in the expire between two Ledger's in the. Expire between two Ledger's in the transaction set start the gist of the transaction set start the gist of the. Transaction set start the gist of the update change so it's not it's not a big update change so it's not it's not a big. Update change so it's not it's not a big change but it potentially will make it change but it potentially will make it. Change but it potentially will make it can be a life-changing for those people can be a life-changing for those people. Can be a life-changing for those people that may hit that Berg do we have actual that may hit that Berg do we have actual. That may hit that Berg do we have actual use cases that are running into this so use cases that are running into this so. Use cases that are running into this so we so the thing that we see those we so the thing that we see those. We so the thing that we see those transactions fail today on the ledger so transactions fail today on the ledger so. Transactions fail today on the ledger so people are running into this it has people are running into this it has. People are running into this it has definitely happened before it happens we definitely happened before it happens we. Definitely happened before it happens we don't know in the context that people don't know in the context that people. Don't know in the context that people know what that we don't know yeah that know what that we don't know yeah that. Know what that we don't know yeah that we don't know and we we don't even know we don't know and we we don't even know. We don't know and we we don't even know for sure like contracts that you didn't for sure like contracts that you didn't. For sure like contracts that you didn't even you know that didn't happen yet even you know that didn't happen yet. Even you know that didn't happen yet right like that's the problem with those right like that's the problem with those. Right like that's the problem with those things that they are pre signs we don't things that they are pre signs we don't. Things that they are pre signs we don't know yet what so fact here's my my know yet what so fact here's my my. Know yet what so fact here's my my concern so I agree this is a problem and concern so I agree this is a problem and. Concern so I agree this is a problem and I think there are a number of ways to I think there are a number of ways to. I think there are a number of ways to get fix this problem including this get fix this problem including this. Get fix this problem including this which seems like a plausible way another which seems like a plausible way another. Which seems like a plausible way another way would be the the kind of signed way would be the the kind of signed. Way would be the the kind of signed operations proposal that I made just on operations proposal that I made just on. Operations proposal that I made just on the mailing list but the problem is that the mailing list but the problem is that. The mailing list but the problem is that all of these things they eliminate some all of these things they eliminate some. All of these things they eliminate some j-- j-- j-- and introduce other edge cases and so. And introduce other edge cases and so and introduce other edge cases and so I'm just a little apprehensive about. I'm just a little apprehensive about I'm just a little apprehensive about doing it sort of in the abstract because. Doing it sort of in the abstract because doing it sort of in the abstract because. So for example this new proposal would so for example this new proposal would so for example this new proposal would. Definitely would facility Ned case where definitely would facility Ned case where. Definitely would facility Ned case where like you know you've got a payment like you know you've got a payment. Like you know you've got a payment channel and you know you submitted channel and you know you submitted. Channel and you know you submitted something and it like expired and like something and it like expired and like. Something and it like expired and like you know you would have submitted you know you would have submitted. You know you would have submitted something else otherwise and now you're something else otherwise and now you're. Something else otherwise and now you're sequence numbers are messed up on the sequence numbers are messed up on the. Sequence numbers are messed up on the other hand under the current proposal other hand under the current proposal. Other hand under the current proposal there's a danger that if someone is there's a danger that if someone is. There's a danger that if someone is doing like atomic cross chain swaps that doing like atomic cross chain swaps that. Doing like atomic cross chain swaps that it would work today and with this it would work today and with this. It would work today and with this proposal if there's a network outage you proposal if there's a network outage you. Proposal if there's a network outage you could actually lose money right because could actually lose money right because. Could actually lose money right because no no no like this is fixing a niche no no no like this is fixing a niche. No no no like this is fixing a niche case where you're guaranteed that the case where you're guaranteed that the. Case where you're guaranteed that the transaction states that it will not transaction states that it will not. Transaction states that it will not exclude transactions that would succeed exclude transactions that would succeed. Exclude transactions that would succeed so here's here's so ok so the fact so so here's here's so ok so the fact so. So here's here's so ok so the fact so either I'm misunderstanding it or or either I'm misunderstanding it or or. Either I'm misunderstanding it or or you're misunderstanding me either way you're misunderstanding me either way. You're misunderstanding me either way it's in its it's an indication that this it's in its it's an indication that this. It's in its it's an indication that this is an edge case which is so imagine that. Is an edge case which is so imagine that is an edge case which is so imagine that. What we're trying to do is we're going what we're trying to do is we're going what we're trying to do is we're going. To swap lumens for Bitcoin right and so to swap lumens for Bitcoin right and so to swap lumens for Bitcoin right and so. What I need to do is I'm gonna claim my what I need to do is I'm gonna claim my what I need to do is I'm gonna claim my. Lumens and in order of my to claim my lumens and in order of my to claim my lumens and in order of my to claim my. Lumens I'm gonna use a hash X signature lumens I'm gonna use a hash X signature lumens I'm gonna use a hash X signature. And by disclosing that someone's gonna and by disclosing that someone's gonna and by disclosing that someone's gonna. Be able to like claim their Bitcoin be able to like claim their Bitcoin be able to like claim their Bitcoin. Right and I have to do my thing by right and I have to do my thing by right and I have to do my thing by. Certain deadline and then the Bitcoin certain deadline and then the Bitcoin certain deadline and then the Bitcoin. Person has an extra hour to like take person has an extra hour to like take person has an extra hour to like take. The preimage that they've found in the the preimage that they've found in the the preimage that they've found in the. Stellar transaction and use out the Stellar transaction and use out the Stellar transaction and use out the. Claim the Bitcoin on the Bitcoin network claim the Bitcoin on the Bitcoin network. Claim the Bitcoin on the Bitcoin network right so under this new proposal if some. Right so under this new proposal if some right so under this new proposal if some. If the Stellar network goes down for an if the Stellar network goes down for an if the Stellar network goes down for an. Hour it's possible for an operation to hour it's possible for an operation to hour it's possible for an operation to. Actually execute even though it was actually execute even though it was actually execute even though it was. Supposed to execute at most one hour ago supposed to execute at most one hour ago. Supposed to execute at most one hour ago right and so you know again so this will. Right and so you know again so this will right and so you know again so this will. Require Dawson the network are getting a require Dawson the network are getting a. Require Dawson the network are getting a little bit lucky with with the time of a. Little bit lucky with with the time of a little bit lucky with with the time of a. Of an outage but if it's if you're of an outage but if it's if you're of an outage but if it's if you're. Trading enough Bitcoin for lumens that's trading enough Bitcoin for lumens that's. Trading enough Bitcoin for lumens that's something you'd be concerned with so something you'd be concerned with so. Something you'd be concerned with so again it's not I'm not saying it's a bad again it's not I'm not saying it's a bad. Again it's not I'm not saying it's a bad idea but I'm saying it causes idea but I'm saying it causes. Idea but I'm saying it causes potentially other problems that people potentially other problems that people. Potentially other problems that people now I mean not that we're sending what now I mean not that we're sending what. Now I mean not that we're sending what you're describing because if I don't you're describing because if I don't. You're describing because if I don't already exists David yeah this problem already exists David yeah this problem. Already exists David yeah this problem already exists this I already exists this I. Already exists this I we messaged Justin about this like a we messaged Justin about this like a. We messaged Justin about this like a very similar problem this morning like very similar problem this morning like. Very similar problem this morning like two hours ago two hours ago two hours ago like right now imagine this like super. Like right now imagine this like super like right now imagine this like super terrible thing happened. Terrible thing happened terrible thing happened imagine that you submitted a bunch of. Imagine that you submitted a bunch of imagine that you submitted a bunch of transactions you know like I submitted. Transactions you know like I submitted transactions you know like I submitted some transactions Nicola David Lee. Some transactions Nicola David Lee some transactions Nicola David Lee OrbitLens Justin to like we also made a. OrbitLens Justin to like we also made a OrbitLens Justin to like we also made a bunch of transactions and like Eric also. Bunch of transactions and like Eric also bunch of transactions and like Eric also. Submits a transaction but Eric's name submits a transaction but Eric's name submits a transaction but Eric's name. Starts with E and that means that he's starts with E and that means that he's starts with E and that means that he's. Malicious in conventional you know malicious in conventional you know malicious in conventional you know. Crypto stories and Eric knows of some crypto stories and Eric knows of some crypto stories and Eric knows of some. Zero-day that allows you to crash the zero-day that allows you to crash the zero-day that allows you to crash the. Network at externalize time and so what network at externalize time and so what network at externalize time and so what. Happens is like Eric's transaction gets happens is like Eric's transaction gets happens is like Eric's transaction gets. Into the ledger all of our transactions into the ledger all of our transactions into the ledger all of our transactions. Get into the ledger and now the network get into the ledger and now the network get into the ledger and now the network. Is dead like it crashes during you know is dead like it crashes during you know is dead like it crashes during you know. Ledger closed and nobody externalizes as ledger closed and nobody externalizes as. Ledger closed and nobody externalizes as a consequence everybody crashes now like. A consequence everybody crashes now like a consequence everybody crashes now like. When you restart the network it's gonna when you restart the network it's gonna when you restart the network it's gonna. Crash again because you are committed to crash again because you are committed to. Crash again because you are committed to this transaction set so the only thing this transaction set so the only thing. This transaction set so the only thing you can do is update the software blah you can do is update the software blah. You can do is update the software blah blah let's say this takes like 36 to 48 blah let's say this takes like 36 to 48. Blah let's say this takes like 36 to 48 hours probably to get everybody back up hours probably to get everybody back up. Hours probably to get everybody back up and run it would be like I think a and run it would be like I think a. And run it would be like I think a reasonable guess maybe even a reasonable guess maybe even a. Reasonable guess maybe even a conservative guess but like you should conservative guess but like you should. Conservative guess but like you should not consider any transaction expired on not consider any transaction expired on. Not consider any transaction expired on the Stellar network until you've seen a the Stellar network until you've seen a. The Stellar network until you've seen a close time past that time once you've close time past that time once you've. Close time past that time once you've seen a close time past that time you can seen a close time past that time you can. Seen a close time past that time you can say that that transaction is expired but. Say that that transaction is expired but say that that transaction is expired but. Until then you cannot because no matter until then you cannot because no matter until then you cannot because no matter. What model we use like it's possible what model we use like it's possible what model we use like it's possible. That the difference between like the that the difference between like the that the difference between like the. Clock close time when the like ledger clock close time when the like ledger clock close time when the like ledger. Actually externalizes and when the like actually externalizes and when the like actually externalizes and when the like. A long time like the like the Stellar a long time like the like the Stellar a long time like the like the Stellar. Header close time could be like header close time could be like header close time could be like. Arbitrarily far apart so this problem arbitrarily far apart so this problem arbitrarily far apart so this problem. Exists today like if you get into the exists today like if you get into the exists today like if you get into the. Situation like that transaction might situation like that transaction might situation like that transaction might. Execute until that ledger closed execute until that ledger closed execute until that ledger closed. Timestamps I think this is a different timestamps I think this is a different timestamps I think this is a different. Problem so this is also a problem but problem so this is also a problem but problem so this is also a problem but. The the problem the problem I was the the problem the problem I was the the problem the problem I was. Concerned with is that a transaction concerned with is that a transaction concerned with is that a transaction. With an older timestamp might not get with an older timestamp might not get with an older timestamp might not get. Disclosed until long after that disclosed until long after that disclosed until long after that. Timestamp right and if and if the timestamp right and if and if the timestamp right and if and if the. Contents of that transaction unlock contents of that transaction unlock contents of that transaction unlock. Something on a different blockchain then something on a different blockchain then. Something on a different blockchain then then that's a problem can you give some then that's a problem can you give some. Then that's a problem can you give some more background on this I'm not sure I more background on this I'm not sure I. More background on this I'm not sure I understand how that would sure like so understand how that would sure like so. Understand how that would sure like so okay so basically we propose a block okay so basically we propose a block. Okay so basically we propose a block with a particular time right and that with a particular time right and that. With a particular time right and that time was an hour ago because and in my time was an hour ago because and in my. Time was an hour ago because and in my case you don't need a software fault it case you don't need a software fault it. Case you don't need a software fault it could be like some botnet attack Stellar could be like some botnet attack Stellar. Could be like some botnet attack Stellar or something right so it takes us an or something right so it takes us an. Or something right so it takes us an hour to like recover from this thing and hour to like recover from this thing and. Hour to like recover from this thing and now we're going to execute transactions now we're going to execute transactions. Now we're going to execute transactions that were like an hour old because like that were like an hour old because like. That were like an hour old because like it's still the biggest block that's been it's still the biggest block that's been. It's still the biggest block that's been nominated right even though at this nominated right even though at this. Nominated right even though at this point like everybody should be point like everybody should be. Point like everybody should be nominating everything but it could be nominating everything but it could be. Nominating everything but it could be that the block an hour ago was like the that the block an hour ago was like the. That the block an hour ago was like the biggest blog nobody's heard of neuro biggest blog nobody's heard of neuro. Biggest blog nobody's heard of neuro transactions right so even though other transactions right so even though other. Transactions right so even though other people should be nominating like higher people should be nominating like higher. People should be nominating like higher timestamps we you know well how it will timestamps we you know well how it will. Timestamps we you know well how it will execute like an old timestamp and so execute like an old timestamp and so. Execute like an old timestamp and so people might learn about a transaction people might learn about a transaction. People might learn about a transaction with the timestamp of 11:00 a.m. at like with the timestamp of 11:00 a.m. at like. With the timestamp of 11:00 a.m. at like 12:00 p.m. but like shouldn't you only 12:00 p.m. but like shouldn't you only. 12:00 p.m. but like shouldn't you only vote for a transaction set or a Stellar vote for a transaction set or a Stellar. Vote for a transaction set or a Stellar value that has a timestamp that's close value that has a timestamp that's close. Value that has a timestamp that's close to your clock time so like if everybody to your clock time so like if everybody. To your clock time so like if everybody thinks that that transaction is super thinks that that transaction is super. Thinks that that transaction is super old old old nobody should vote for it because it. Nobody should vote for it because it nobody should vote for it because it doesn't have a good close time no you. Doesn't have a good close time no you doesn't have a good close time no you should vote for anything anyone elses. Should vote for anything anyone elses should vote for anything anyone elses and any one of your leaders is is voting. And any one of your leaders is is voting and any one of your leaders is is voting. For only if and you can take and for only if and you can take and for only if and you can take and. Currently and currently yeah only if currently and currently yeah only if currently and currently yeah only if. It's valid actions should we consider a it's valid actions should we consider a it's valid actions should we consider a. Transaction with a super old closed time transaction with a super old closed time. Transaction with a super old closed time valid do we even do that to walk a block. Valid do we even do that to walk a block valid do we even do that to walk a block. With this a value with a super old yeah with this a value with a super old yeah with this a value with a super old yeah. That's my mentor value I don't think that's my mentor value I don't think that's my mentor value I don't think. We'd have that even happens today I we'd have that even happens today I we'd have that even happens today I. Think that if it's older than like 60 think that if it's older than like 60 think that if it's older than like 60. Seconds it's dead nickel I would know seconds it's dead nickel I would know seconds it's dead nickel I would know. The best so I'm gonna let me Claude take the best so I'm gonna let me Claude take. The best so I'm gonna let me Claude take it can be any any any clock in the it can be any any any clock in the. It can be any any any clock in the between the lapped ledger and the between the lapped ledger and the. Between the lapped ledger and the current time all this that can be current time all this that can be. Current time all this that can be introduced as a potential but we pick introduced as a potential but we pick. Introduced as a potential but we pick the highest anyways so Jeff the highest anyways so Jeff. The highest anyways so Jeff people repetition so so I think that people repetition so so I think that. People repetition so so I think that what that my point is that no II don't what that my point is that no II don't. What that my point is that no II don't think yeah no change like that like the think yeah no change like that like the. Think yeah no change like that like the the likely close time to win in that the likely close time to win in that. The likely close time to win in that situation is going to be appropriately situation is going to be appropriately. Situation is going to be appropriately current time oh okay that's confusing current time oh okay that's confusing. Current time oh okay that's confusing actually hold on that's not what I actually hold on that's not what I. Actually hold on that's not what I inferred from the proposal no no I knew inferred from the proposal no no I knew. Inferred from the proposal no no I knew were close time with a worse transaction were close time with a worse transaction. Were close time with a worse transaction set no no is it so no but like the it's set no no is it so no but like the it's. Set no no is it so no but like the it's when you have nodes nominating you know when you have nodes nominating you know. When you have nodes nominating you know a pair transaction set close time the a pair transaction set close time the. A pair transaction set close time the close time that the nominate did you close time that the nominate did you. Close time that the nominate did you introduce on the network is there local introduce on the network is there local. Introduce on the network is there local clock time right so that's the so clock time right so that's the so. Clock time right so that's the so actually if you walked out for like an actually if you walked out for like an. Actually if you walked out for like an hour you know during the you know during hour you know during the you know during. Hour you know during the you know during the last ledger that new ledger will be the last ledger that new ledger will be. The last ledger that new ledger will be an hour later obviously like compared to an hour later obviously like compared to. An hour later obviously like compared to tie so is it's actually snapping to the tie so is it's actually snapping to the. Tie so is it's actually snapping to the to the current time it doesn't but a to the current time it doesn't but a. To the current time it doesn't but a malicious node could say that it malicious node could say that it. Malicious node could say that it nominated something with an old time nominated something with an old time. Nominated something with an old time right like is there anything stopping right like is there anything stopping. Right like is there anything stopping them from doing that these are well them from doing that these are well. Them from doing that these are well there's a race right so so like the gos there's a race right so so like the gos. There's a race right so so like the gos can happen at any node can be do s right can happen at any node can be do s right. Can happen at any node can be do s right so so any node can introduce a closed so so any node can introduce a closed. So so any node can introduce a closed time so in this particular situation the time so in this particular situation the. Time so in this particular situation the change of pick being I guess that's change of pick being I guess that's. Change of pick being I guess that's whether the changes you may end up with picking the transaction set a closed. Picking the transaction set a closed time pair from one node that actually time pair from one node that actually. Time pair from one node that actually decided that it was not going to decided that it was not going to. Decided that it was not going to nominate something that was close to the nominate something that was close to the. Nominate something that was close to the current time like instead something in current time like instead something in. Current time like instead something in the past you know but close to the the past you know but close to the. The past you know but close to the bigger than the last time I just bigger than the last time I just. Bigger than the last time I just wanted to say by the way that were fast wanted to say by the way that were fast. Wanted to say by the way that were fast approaching the end of the hour so I approaching the end of the hour so I. Approaching the end of the hour so I don't necessarily want to cut this don't necessarily want to cut this. Don't necessarily want to cut this discussion off but at some point I think discussion off but at some point I think. Discussion off but at some point I think we'll stop the livestream and figure out. We'll stop the livestream and figure out we'll stop the livestream and figure out. The best way to have this discussion the best way to have this discussion the best way to have this discussion. Move forward yeah since people move forward yeah since people move forward yeah since people. I mean basically what I would like to do I mean basically what I would like to do. I mean basically what I would like to do is I would like to either have you know is I would like to either have you know. Is I would like to either have you know a little bit more data about like sort a little bit more data about like sort. A little bit more data about like sort of smart contracts and stuff just to of smart contracts and stuff just to. Of smart contracts and stuff just to make sure that we're not sort of solving make sure that we're not sort of solving. Make sure that we're not sort of solving one problem and creating another and one problem and creating another and. One problem and creating another and second of all maybe a little bit broader second of all maybe a little bit broader. Second of all maybe a little bit broader discussion because the point is like discussion because the point is like. Discussion because the point is like these sequence numbers are actually like these sequence numbers are actually like. These sequence numbers are actually like annoying in more ways than one and so it. Annoying in more ways than one and so it annoying in more ways than one and so it. Could be that if we solve the sequence could be that if we solve the sequence could be that if we solve the sequence. Number problem then this issue goes away number problem then this issue goes away. Number problem then this issue goes away and we haven't had to also create this and we haven't had to also create this. And we haven't had to also create this potential annoyance for like atomic potential annoyance for like atomic. Potential annoyance for like atomic cross chain swaps so there is already a cross chain swaps so there is already a. Cross chain swaps so there is already a way to avoid this sequence number way to avoid this sequence number. Way to avoid this sequence number problem I actually described it an issue problem I actually described it an issue. Problem I actually described it an issue 6:22 like three or four hours ago but 6:22 like three or four hours ago but. 6:22 like three or four hours ago but the the basic concept here is like the the basic concept here is like. The the basic concept here is like instead of letting your transactions instead of letting your transactions. Instead of letting your transactions have sequential sequence numbers they have sequential sequence numbers they. Have sequential sequence numbers they have gapped sequence numbers where like have gapped sequence numbers where like. Have gapped sequence numbers where like you can choose a gap of one for example you can choose a gap of one for example. You can choose a gap of one for example and then the transaction just needs to and then the transaction just needs to. And then the transaction just needs to have a bump seek and so if it fails you have a bump seek and so if it fails you. Have a bump seek and so if it fails you know that it didn't happen and that know that it didn't happen and that. Know that it didn't happen and that would solve so many other it would like would solve so many other it would like. Would solve so many other it would like solve a whole bunch of other problems solve a whole bunch of other problems. Solve a whole bunch of other problems too so it's like I'd way rather just too so it's like I'd way rather just. Too so it's like I'd way rather just like kind of address that problem rather like kind of address that problem rather. Like kind of address that problem rather than just do this one thing that's than just do this one thing that's. Than just do this one thing that's targeting this one very specific problem targeting this one very specific problem. Targeting this one very specific problem which we don't even know is exactly the which we don't even know is exactly the. Which we don't even know is exactly the problem that people are having in problem that people are having in. Problem that people are having in practice we know it running into these practice we know it running into these. Practice we know it running into these four regular infections no no but all we four regular infections no no but all we. Four regular infections no no but all we know is that some transactions are know is that some transactions are. Know is that some transactions are getting submitted that have a have a bad getting submitted that have a have a bad. Getting submitted that have a have a bad close time right but we don't know that close time right but we don't know that. Close time right but we don't know that that's like messing up people's smart that's like messing up people's smart. That's like messing up people's smart contracts and and you know those people contracts and and you know those people. Contracts and and you know those people may not care that they're losing a you may not care that they're losing a you. May not care that they're losing a you know you know 100 micro or 10 micro know you know 100 micro or 10 micro. Know you know 100 micro or 10 micro lumen fee or whatever like it just might lumen fee or whatever like it just might. Lumen fee or whatever like it just might not be a big deal right way so you want not be a big deal right way so you want. Not be a big deal right way so you want to put a face to those to those to put a face to those to those. To put a face to those to those transactions yeah there'd be so much transactions yeah there'd be so much. Transactions yeah there'd be so much upside to actually allowing the gap upside to actually allowing the gap. Upside to actually allowing the gap sequence numbers like because that would sequence numbers like because that would. Sequence numbers like because that would solve all these other problems too so solve all these other problems too so. Solve all these other problems too so like if issue like like here what we are like if issue like like here what we are. Like if issue like like here what we are talking about is that there might be talking about is that there might be. Talking about is that there might be smart contracts out there that are smart contracts out there that are. Smart contracts out there that are broken because the way things are broken because the way things are. Broken because the way things are actually specified is wrong right and actually specified is wrong right and. Actually specified is wrong right and what I'm telling you said if you lock what I'm telling you said if you lock. What I'm telling you said if you lock gap sequence numbers so many it will gap sequence numbers so many it will. Gap sequence numbers so many it will solve solve solve so many other understand with including. So many other understand with including so many other understand with including this problem right no you have the same. This problem right no you have the same this problem right no you have the same there's only would affect our new one. There's only would affect our new one there's only would affect our new one yeah new ones would be fixed but you. Yeah new ones would be fixed but you yeah new ones would be fixed but you wouldn't fix. Wouldn't fix wouldn't fix old old we don't know that there's any old old we don't know that there's any. Old old we don't know that there's any smart contracts in use you can't say smart contracts in use you can't say. Smart contracts in use you can't say that we don't know sure but like let's that we don't know sure but like let's. That we don't know sure but like let's let people complain about a problem let people complain about a problem. Let people complain about a problem before we contract well describing here before we contract well describing here. Before we contract well describing here is the very like this I think in most is the very like this I think in most. Is the very like this I think in most examples of smart contracts the you know examples of smart contracts the you know. Examples of smart contracts the you know branch on time like you want something branch on time like you want something. Branch on time like you want something but it you know I branch before some but it you know I branch before some. But it you know I branch before some some time and a different branch on the some time and a different branch on the. Some time and a different branch on the different best like the like 101 I would different best like the like 101 I would. Different best like the like 101 I would argue it is I would argue smart contract. Argue it is I would argue smart contract argue it is I would argue smart contract. When I want is the cross chain swap when I want is the cross chain swap when I want is the cross chain swap. Right well I think yeah like you bring right well I think yeah like you bring right well I think yeah like you bring. Up a super good point here which is like up a super good point here which is like. Up a super good point here which is like anything that we're proposing as a anything that we're proposing as a. Anything that we're proposing as a solution here like we better test it to solution here like we better test it to. Solution here like we better test it to make sure that it like it should be make sure that it like it should be. Make sure that it like it should be perrito better right like if I'm not perrito better right like if I'm not. Perrito better right like if I'm not happy with the solution that six is this happy with the solution that six is this. Happy with the solution that six is this problem but makes you know cross chain problem but makes you know cross chain. Problem but makes you know cross chain swaps worse so like probably like mmm I swaps worse so like probably like mmm I. Swaps worse so like probably like mmm I don't know if it doesn't I think we don't know if it doesn't I think we. Don't know if it doesn't I think we should do was the thing right we're should do was the thing right we're. Should do was the thing right we're going to have a conversation on the dev going to have a conversation on the dev. Going to have a conversation on the dev mailing list for this one and David if mailing list for this one and David if. Mailing list for this one and David if you if you if you can show us how are you if you if you can show us how are. You if you if you can show us how are these breaks Atomics I mean across as these breaks Atomics I mean across as. These breaks Atomics I mean across as change swap happy to fix things then change swap happy to fix things then. Change swap happy to fix things then break things so Jonathan John if you break things so Jonathan John if you. Break things so Jonathan John if you have another idea for how did you cap have another idea for how did you cap. Have another idea for how did you cap sequence numbers side spices signed I sequence numbers side spices signed I. Sequence numbers side spices signed I had that one frozen for the signed had that one frozen for the signed. Had that one frozen for the signed operations but basically something operations but basically something. Operations but basically something simpler like I think I'd rather just simpler like I think I'd rather just. Simpler like I think I'd rather just argue if we have something that like I argue if we have something that like I. Argue if we have something that like I can argue fixes this problem but also can argue fixes this problem but also. Can argue fixes this problem but also fixes other problems I'd rather spend my fixes other problems I'd rather spend my. Fixes other problems I'd rather spend my efforts arguing favor something we still. Efforts arguing favor something we still efforts arguing favor something we still. Have the same problem that's the problem have the same problem that's the problem. Have the same problem that's the problem with any other solution we will keep the. With any other solution we will keep the with any other solution we will keep the. Cruise time broken comes with respect cruise time broken comes with respect cruise time broken comes with respect. We don't know if we have gaps sequence we don't know if we have gaps sequence we don't know if we have gaps sequence. Numbers then there's no issue because I numbers then there's no issue because I numbers then there's no issue because I. Can basically sir so right now in the can basically sir so right now in the can basically sir so right now in the. Back we say if you have but time bounds back we say if you have but time bounds back we say if you have but time bounds. They've drawn at the bad time bounds the they've drawn at the bad time bounds the. They've drawn at the bad time bounds the transaction is embedded that's what the transaction is embedded that's what the. Transaction is embedded that's what the spec says and we're actually not doing spec says and we're actually not doing. Spec says and we're actually not doing that that that that feels like it feels like right. That feels like it feels like right that feels like it feels like right place to end up to him I think we should. Place to end up to him I think we should place to end up to him I think we should. Yeah I'm right there any of this one 622 yeah I'm right there any of this one 622. Yeah I'm right there any of this one 622 thanks everybody for watching that's the. Thanks everybody for watching that's the thanks everybody for watching that's the. End of this week's open protocol meeting end of this week's open protocol meeting. End of this week's open protocol meeting see you in two weeks.
