Hello everyone and welcome to this hello everyone and welcome to this week's Stellar uh developer me. Week's Stellar uh developer me week's Stellar uh developer me if you uh were joining us last week you. If you uh were joining us last week you if you uh were joining us last week you would uh have seen orbit lens uh I. Would uh have seen orbit lens uh I would uh have seen orbit lens uh I invited him back again because we had so. Invited him back again because we had so invited him back again because we had so. Much to cover last time that we didn't much to cover last time that we didn't much to cover last time that we didn't. Go through everything we we wanted and go through everything we we wanted and go through everything we we wanted and. Um so obit Lance has actually built um so obit Lance has actually built um so obit Lance has actually built. Quite a few uh projects on on stellar quite a few uh projects on on stellar quite a few uh projects on on stellar. And and one of them uh I'm sure you're and and one of them uh I'm sure you're and and one of them uh I'm sure you're. Very familiar with is is still our very familiar with is is still our very familiar with is is still our. Expert so we're going to cover that a expert so we're going to cover that a expert so we're going to cover that a. Little bit today uh but first uh uh we little bit today uh but first uh uh we little bit today uh but first uh uh we. Will hear more about sell broker so yeah will hear more about sell broker so yeah. Will hear more about sell broker so yeah just please just introduce yourself just please just introduce yourself. Just please just introduce yourself again I know introduced you last week again I know introduced you last week. Again I know introduced you last week but for new people on here please go but for new people on here please go. But for new people on here please go ahead and introduce yourself yeah sure ahead and introduce yourself yeah sure. Ahead and introduce yourself yeah sure uh hello everyone uh hello everyone uh hello everyone. Uh everybody knows me as orbit LS uh I'm uh everybody knows me as orbit LS uh I'm. Uh everybody knows me as orbit LS uh I'm the lead of Stellar expert team um we're. The lead of Stellar expert team um we're the lead of Stellar expert team um we're. Building different infrastructure building different infrastructure building different infrastructure. Services on Stellar Network services on Stellar Network services on Stellar Network. Um and uh basically today I'd like to um and uh basically today I'd like to um and uh basically today I'd like to. Talk about two of them um Stellar broker talk about two of them um Stellar broker. Talk about two of them um Stellar broker um yeah so uh Stellar broker is a um yeah so uh Stellar broker is a. Um yeah so uh Stellar broker is a multisource um liquidity swap tool multisource um liquidity swap tool. Multisource um liquidity swap tool um uh and swap rotor for um uh and swap rotor for. Um uh and swap rotor for Stellar um currently uh star star has Stellar um currently uh star star has. Stellar um currently uh star star has several issues several issues several issues. Uh with fragmented liquidity basically uh with fragmented liquidity basically uh with fragmented liquidity basically. It leads to worse price for end users uh it leads to worse price for end users uh. It leads to worse price for end users uh complexity using varas complexity using varas. Complexity using varas protocols um and uh as a result uh it's protocols um and uh as a result uh it's. Protocols um and uh as a result uh it's quite difficult to find the best price quite difficult to find the best price. Quite difficult to find the best price between all of them um because some between all of them um because some. Between all of them um because some assets are located mainly on classic assets are located mainly on classic. Assets are located mainly on classic Stellar decks and others on new protocol Stellar decks and others on new protocol. Stellar decks and others on new protocol imms um but someone executes uh like uh imms um but someone executes uh like uh. Imms um but someone executes uh like uh large trade if someone trades a scale um large trade if someone trades a scale um. Large trade if someone trades a scale um usually uh such large volume trades are usually uh such large volume trades are. Usually uh such large volume trades are vulnerable to um front vulnerable to um front. Vulnerable to um front running uh and uh front running actually running uh and uh front running actually. Running uh and uh front running actually leads to profit loss on leads to profit loss on. Leads to profit loss on multiart trades because uh splitting multiart trades because uh splitting. Multiart trades because uh splitting each trade into several each trade into several. Each trade into several uh smaller trades uh results in a uh smaller trades uh results in a. Uh smaller trades uh results in a situation when somebody can front run situation when somebody can front run. Situation when somebody can front run your Swap and try your Swap and try your Swap and try. To try to be faster and extract The to try to be faster and extract The to try to be faster and extract The. Profit um and of course there is simply Profit um and of course there is simply Profit um and of course there is simply. The question of liquidity because um I the question of liquidity because um I the question of liquidity because um I. Do remember there was a situation where do remember there was a situation where do remember there was a situation where. People couldn't simply uh people couldn't simply uh people couldn't simply uh swap on chain and execute the settlement. Swap on chain and execute the settlement swap on chain and execute the settlement. Uh for about 100,000 usdc in one trade uh for about 100,000 usdc in one trade uh for about 100,000 usdc in one trade. Uh with uh with uh with one uh pass payment trate uh which is one uh pass payment trate uh which is. One uh pass payment trate uh which is also not the best user also not the best user. Also not the best user experience um so we've been working uh experience um so we've been working uh. Experience um so we've been working uh on the project called U Stellar broker on the project called U Stellar broker. On the project called U Stellar broker uh with uh with uh with the with a team from uh Ultra stellar. The with a team from uh Ultra stellar the with a team from uh Ultra stellar uh so uh our original idea was uh to. Uh so uh our original idea was uh to uh so uh our original idea was uh to implement the solution that will cover. Implement the solution that will cover implement the solution that will cover everything in one um in one uh One Stop. Everything in one um in one uh One Stop everything in one um in one uh One Stop uh when you uh that will allow you to. Uh when you uh that will allow you to uh when you uh that will allow you to swap uh anything and uh execute your. Swap uh anything and uh execute your swap uh anything and uh execute your transactions on chain classic and. Transactions on chain classic and transactions on chain classic and San uh it provides a lot of benefits uh. San uh it provides a lot of benefits uh San uh it provides a lot of benefits uh for and users providing better uh. For and users providing better uh for and users providing better uh exchange rates uh front running. Exchange rates uh front running exchange rates uh front running protection and uh on large trades uh it. Protection and uh on large trades uh it protection and uh on large trades uh it will it will lead to the minimal price. Will it will lead to the minimal price will it will lead to the minimal price impact uh non-custodial swaps uh allow. Impact uh non-custodial swaps uh allow impact uh non-custodial swaps uh allow us to avoid um centralization issues uh. Us to avoid um centralization issues uh us to avoid um centralization issues uh and um. And um and um also um there is no need uh to also um there is no need uh to also um there is no need uh to. Uh retry failed transactions because uh retry failed transactions because uh retry failed transactions because. Everything will be retried automatically everything will be retried automatically. Everything will be retried automatically and even if the swap fails for some and even if the swap fails for some. And even if the swap fails for some reasons for example liquidity isn't reasons for example liquidity isn't. Reasons for example liquidity isn't there there there anymore um then um the system will. Anymore um then um the system will anymore um then um the system will propose a new um like uh a new trade. Propose a new um like uh a new trade propose a new um like uh a new trade opportunity which will be automatically. Opportunity which will be automatically opportunity which will be automatically executed um for applications uh that. Executed um for applications uh that executed um for applications uh that want to integrate uh our service uh um. Want to integrate uh our service uh um want to integrate uh our service uh um we can offer revenue from user. We can offer revenue from user we can offer revenue from user swaps um reliable execution flow um. Swaps um reliable execution flow um swaps um reliable execution flow um seamless uh API integration uh which. Seamless uh API integration uh which seamless uh API integration uh which means that you just um connected to your. Means that you just um connected to your means that you just um connected to your. Existing wallet and uh it will work just existing wallet and uh it will work just. Existing wallet and uh it will work just fine and of course it's uh a fling the fine and of course it's uh a fling the. Fine and of course it's uh a fling the complexity of uh building for two complexity of uh building for two. Complexity of uh building for two different Networks like classic andoran different Networks like classic andoran. Different Networks like classic andoran which is a bit separated despite that which is a bit separated despite that. Which is a bit separated despite that it's under the it's under the it's under the. Same uh Stellar network grof uh and same uh Stellar network grof uh and same uh Stellar network grof uh and. Um like managing multiple connections to um like managing multiple connections to. Um like managing multiple connections to various uh swap various uh swap various uh swap. Protocols um so uh partner um uh which protocols um so uh partner um uh which protocols um so uh partner um uh which. Uh connects to the system uh can view uh connects to the system uh can view uh connects to the system uh can view. The uh Revenue the uh Revenue the uh Revenue and um receive payouts for the swaps. And um receive payouts for the swaps and um receive payouts for the swaps executed by the users uh this kind of. Executed by the users uh this kind of executed by the users uh this kind of monetizations benefits and users and. Monetizations benefits and users and monetizations benefits and users and developers alike because uh users still. Developers alike because uh users still developers alike because uh users still get better rates and uh developers can. Get better rates and uh developers can get better rates and uh developers can receive like micro bonuses from these uh. Receive like micro bonuses from these uh receive like micro bonuses from these uh. Transactions from their user base um the transactions from their user base um the. Transactions from their user base um the integration will be pretty is integration will be pretty is. Integration will be pretty is straightforward um we already published straightforward um we already published. Straightforward um we already published uh the SDK for it uh and everything you uh the SDK for it uh and everything you. Uh the SDK for it uh and everything you will need you'll just need to insert AP will need you'll just need to insert AP. Will need you'll just need to insert AP uh from the website and uh from this uh from the website and uh from this. Uh from the website and uh from this point um will work will just work and as point um will work will just work and as. Point um will work will just work and as a hood it's much more complex than um a hood it's much more complex than um. A hood it's much more complex than um than it looks because than it looks because. Than it looks because uh it works with varas uh liquidity uh it works with varas uh liquidity. Uh it works with varas uh liquidity pools on the uh San uh So currently we pools on the uh San uh So currently we. Pools on the uh San uh So currently we have uh Aquarius and S SW pools have uh Aquarius and S SW pools. Have uh Aquarius and S SW pools connected at our production connected at our production. Connected at our production website uh and um we also have two more website uh and um we also have two more. Website uh and um we also have two more pools in the pipeline which expected um pools in the pipeline which expected um. Pools in the pipeline which expected um to come next week it will be um forx Hub to come next week it will be um forx Hub. To come next week it will be um forx Hub and um it will be uh comment pool uh so and um it will be uh comment pool uh so. And um it will be uh comment pool uh so um our execution engine like finds uh um our execution engine like finds uh. Um our execution engine like finds uh the best opportunities uh and um first the best opportunities uh and um first. The best opportunities uh and um first of all uh analyzes how the trade can be of all uh analyzes how the trade can be. Of all uh analyzes how the trade can be split into many multiple trades uh split into many multiple trades uh. Split into many multiple trades uh because uh executing several different because uh executing several different. Because uh executing several different trades instead of one large transaction trades instead of one large transaction. Trades instead of one large transaction means that there are chances means that there are chances. Means that there are chances to to get front run or to just to to get front run or to just. To to get front run or to just uh end up with a failed transaction uh uh end up with a failed transaction uh. Uh end up with a failed transaction uh because um the market is always a because um the market is always a. Because um the market is always a dynamic scene it's moving a lot and uh dynamic scene it's moving a lot and uh. Dynamic scene it's moving a lot and uh it's virtually impossible to guess which it's virtually impossible to guess which. It's virtually impossible to guess which liquidity will be there like in the next. Liquidity will be there like in the next liquidity will be there like in the next. Ledger uh so our engine fls all the Ledger uh so our engine fls all the Ledger uh so our engine fls all the. Complexity here uh because uh it complexity here uh because uh it complexity here uh because uh it. Provides tracking of submitted provides tracking of submitted provides tracking of submitted. Transactions uh it automatically transactions uh it automatically transactions uh it automatically. Connects uh to Sellar core uh fetching connects uh to Sellar core uh fetching connects uh to Sellar core uh fetching. All the required information from there all the required information from there all the required information from there. And uh we basically can basically have and uh we basically can basically have and uh we basically can basically have. The entire uh graph of all the entire uh graph of all the entire uh graph of all available Dex uh orders there uh in. Available Dex uh orders there uh in available Dex uh orders there uh in memory and uh of course uh graph for. Memory and uh of course uh graph for memory and uh of course uh graph for soran soran. Soran tools um this is uh um everything is tools um this is uh um everything is tools um this is uh um everything is. Located uh in the same place and uh located uh in the same place and uh located uh in the same place and uh. Provides you a very convenient interface provides you a very convenient interface. Provides you a very convenient interface on top of web soet uh API which is uh on top of web soet uh API which is uh. On top of web soet uh API which is uh pretty fast um we made some measurements pretty fast um we made some measurements. Pretty fast um we made some measurements and um like average quart response time and um like average quart response time. And um like average quart response time is less than 300 milliseconds uh which is less than 300 milliseconds uh which. Is less than 300 milliseconds uh which is very fast and um usually uh like our is very fast and um usually uh like our. Is very fast and um usually uh like our nod receives updates and send it to user nod receives updates and send it to user. Nod receives updates and send it to user uh like more than two seconds uh faster uh like more than two seconds uh faster. Uh like more than two seconds uh faster than uh Horizon because um we uh connect than uh Horizon because um we uh connect. Than uh Horizon because um we uh connect directly to Stellar core to receive uh directly to Stellar core to receive uh. Directly to Stellar core to receive uh all the trade information as uh as fast all the trade information as uh as fast. All the trade information as uh as fast as possible and uh we can execute uh as possible and uh we can execute uh. As possible and uh we can execute uh like multiple trade simulation per like multiple trade simulation per. Like multiple trade simulation per seconds it's tens of thousands it scales seconds it's tens of thousands it scales. Seconds it's tens of thousands it scales well well well with paralyzation of CPU threats uh so. With paralyzation of CPU threats uh so with paralyzation of CPU threats uh so it means that uh getting more. It means that uh getting more it means that uh getting more simulations uh results in. Simulations uh results in simulations uh results in better um price quotes for end. Better um price quotes for end better um price quotes for end users um so that's basically pretty much. Users um so that's basically pretty much users um so that's basically pretty much. All of it uh I just wanted to say that all of it uh I just wanted to say that all of it uh I just wanted to say that. Is it is already connected is it is already connected is it is already connected to uh albida. To uh albida to uh albida wallet and um we're working wallet and um we're working. Wallet and um we're working to connected to to connected to to connected to stellar and other Ultra Stellar. Stellar and other Ultra Stellar stellar and other Ultra Stellar applications um if you are interested. Applications um if you are interested applications um if you are interested interested to try it uh to play around. Interested to try it uh to play around interested to try it uh to play around um just let us know and let's talk uh. Um just let us know and let's talk uh um just let us know and let's talk uh any wallet or. Any wallet or any wallet or um like uh application that uh works um like uh application that uh works. Um like uh application that uh works with user trades U can benefit from this with user trades U can benefit from this. With user trades U can benefit from this optimized transaction execution flow so optimized transaction execution flow so. Optimized transaction execution flow so just let us know um probably if if we just let us know um probably if if we. Just let us know um probably if if we have any questions in the chat I'll be have any questions in the chat I'll be. Have any questions in the chat I'll be happy to happy to happy to answer yeah let's uh let's see if. Answer yeah let's uh let's see if answer yeah let's uh let's see if there's any there's any. There's any any questions in the any questions in the any questions in the chat uh there was one about public. Chat uh there was one about public chat uh there was one about public facing uh docks I think uh I've shared a. Facing uh docks I think uh I've shared a facing uh docks I think uh I've shared a. Link to to GitHub um is there anything link to to GitHub um is there anything link to to GitHub um is there anything. Else uh people can go look else uh people can go look else uh people can go look at uh yeah it's. At uh yeah it's at uh yeah it's basically um the J Hub link and um basically um the J Hub link and um. Basically um the J Hub link and um currently it's the npm package which currently it's the npm package which. Currently it's the npm package which shows uh um the example of connection to shows uh um the example of connection to. Shows uh um the example of connection to the to the system so that's basically the to the system so that's basically. The to the system so that's basically everything you need uh to integrate everything you need uh to integrate. Everything you need uh to integrate great I think it's super interesting great I think it's super interesting. Great I think it's super interesting also and not not just because of the the also and not not just because of the the. Also and not not just because of the the the ease of use but also the speed and the ease of use but also the speed and. The ease of use but also the speed and and and the fact that you can bring and and the fact that you can bring. And and the fact that you can bring bring bring the swap in on on your own bring bring the swap in on on your own. Bring bring the swap in on on your own application and and and decide what what application and and and decide what what. Application and and and decide what what fee you're going to charge for for for fee you're going to charge for for for. Fee you're going to charge for for for doing the the swap so super interesting doing the the swap so super interesting. Doing the the swap so super interesting uh if we don't have any other questions uh if we don't have any other questions. Uh if we don't have any other questions uh we can also see if we have some time uh we can also see if we have some time. Uh we can also see if we have some time at the end of it of it at the end of it of it. At the end of it of it but uh we can move to Stella expert and but uh we can move to Stella expert and. But uh we can move to Stella expert and that should be a tool that is known by that should be a tool that is known by. That should be a tool that is known by most Stella developers uh it was most Stella developers uh it was. Most Stella developers uh it was probably the first tool I started using probably the first tool I started using. Probably the first tool I started using uh trying to verify that my transactions uh trying to verify that my transactions. Uh trying to verify that my transactions were going through and just playing were going through and just playing. Were going through and just playing around with with different um uh around with with different um uh. Around with with different um uh different uh Quest and different uh Quest and different uh Quest and. Onboarding games so uh so yeah it's I I onboarding games so uh so yeah it's I I onboarding games so uh so yeah it's I I. Think it's familiar to most so be think it's familiar to most so be think it's familiar to most so be. Interesting to hear from the creator of interesting to hear from the creator of interesting to hear from the creator of. It yeah uh happy to hear that uh and it yeah uh happy to hear that uh and it yeah uh happy to hear that uh and. Um that's the tool that been around for um that's the tool that been around for um that's the tool that been around for. Years and I'd like to thank you for all years and I'd like to thank you for all years and I'd like to thank you for all. The users that keep up with us and uh the users that keep up with us and uh the users that keep up with us and uh. Despite um sometimes U arise in small despite um sometimes U arise in small despite um sometimes U arise in small. Bugs uh problems with it uh um we're bugs uh problems with it uh um we're bugs uh problems with it uh um we're. Trying to keep it trying to keep it trying to keep it as as functional as it could be and um. As as functional as it could be and um as as functional as it could be and um today I'd like to talk a bit about uh. Today I'd like to talk a bit about uh today I'd like to talk a bit about uh smart contract stats and uh analyzes of. Smart contract stats and uh analyzes of smart contract stats and uh analyzes of smart contract transactions uh because. Smart contract transactions uh because smart contract transactions uh because we've been receiving some questions um. We've been receiving some questions um we've been receiving some questions um by email and other communication. By email and other communication by email and other communication channels uh on how it works and I think. Channels uh on how it works and I think channels uh on how it works and I think it might be interes in not only for. It might be interes in not only for it might be interes in not only for newcomers but also for season developers. Newcomers but also for season developers newcomers but also for season developers. Still uh so first of all uh how can you still uh so first of all uh how can you still uh so first of all uh how can you. Get uh to the transaction and how can get uh to the transaction and how can get uh to the transaction and how can. You find something you just need to copy you find something you just need to copy. You find something you just need to copy paste like account address contract paste like account address contract. Paste like account address contract address or proit name into the search address or proit name into the search. Address or proit name into the search box on the website and will lead you box on the website and will lead you. Box on the website and will lead you directly uh to the the account or directly uh to the the account or. Directly uh to the the account or contract history uh where you can see uh contract history uh where you can see uh. Contract history uh where you can see uh this list of this list of this list of transactions um here you can see uh. Transactions um here you can see uh transactions um here you can see uh operation type and um like execution. Operation type and um like execution operation type and um like execution date um to check a particular uh. Date um to check a particular uh date um to check a particular uh operation you just need to click this. Operation you just need to click this operation you just need to click this small uh uh small arrow and uh it will. Small uh uh small arrow and uh it will small uh uh small arrow and uh it will present you the expanded view uh I know. Present you the expanded view uh I know present you the expanded view uh I know it's a bit. It's a bit it's a bit scary uh but no need to panic uh it's scary uh but no need to panic uh it's. Scary uh but no need to panic uh it's only from the first glance we'll go only from the first glance we'll go. Only from the first glance we'll go through it and it will be through it and it will be. Through it and it will be quite there is nothing too complex about quite there is nothing too complex about. Quite there is nothing too complex about it uh first of all um it shows the C it uh first of all um it shows the C. It uh first of all um it shows the C tree uh of the top level contract tree uh of the top level contract. Tree uh of the top level contract invocations uh so we have uh this um invocations uh so we have uh this um. Invocations uh so we have uh this um level contract level contract level contract. That can invoke some other contracts and that can invoke some other contracts and. That can invoke some other contracts and uh provide uh provide uh provide [Music]. [Music] [Music] um um um uh additional um functionality through uh additional um functionality through. Uh additional um functionality through this um when you click uh this uh info this um when you click uh this uh info. This um when you click uh this uh info icon uh you can see um the expanded view icon uh you can see um the expanded view. Icon uh you can see um the expanded view of the contract function itself uh it of the contract function itself uh it. Of the contract function itself uh it automatically shows you parameters of automatically shows you parameters of. Automatically shows you parameters of the function the function the function um return. Um return um return value value value uh uh like version of the runtime and uh uh like version of the runtime and. Uh uh like version of the runtime and SDK and uh if um developers SDK and uh if um developers. SDK and uh if um developers left uh Commander then uh you will also left uh Commander then uh you will also. Left uh Commander then uh you will also see this um R commands in this see this um R commands in this. See this um R commands in this section um debit uh and credit records section um debit uh and credit records. Section um debit uh and credit records show um the amount of token show um the amount of token. Show um the amount of token which have been which have been which have been transferred like spent received in the. Transferred like spent received in the transferred like spent received in the trans during the transaction. Trans during the transaction trans during the transaction execution uh so we can see here for. Execution uh so we can see here for execution uh so we can see here for example that uh this amount of tokens. Example that uh this amount of tokens example that uh this amount of tokens has been debited from this account and. Has been debited from this account and has been debited from this account and credited to another. Credited to another credited to another account um contracts uh can save the data on The. Um contracts uh can save the data on The Ledger with uh different storage Ledger with uh different storage. Ledger with uh different storage retention options so like in retention options so like in. Retention options so like in data is uh basically the data that is data is uh basically the data that is. Data is uh basically the data that is inside the contract itself uh and every inside the contract itself uh and every. Inside the contract itself uh and every time time time um like the environment loads the. Um like the environment loads the um like the environment loads the instance of the contract it also loads. Instance of the contract it also loads instance of the contract it also loads all the data attached to it resistent. All the data attached to it resistent all the data attached to it resistent entries stored. Entries stored entries stored separately uh and temporary items uh can separately uh and temporary items uh can. Separately uh and temporary items uh can be used to uh store some cheap temporary. Be used to uh store some cheap temporary be used to uh store some cheap temporary. Information that can be easily information that can be easily information that can be easily. Evicted evicted evicted um additionally uh some contracts May um additionally uh some contracts May. Um additionally uh some contracts May emit events emit events emit events uh which is U this mechanism is intended. Uh which is U this mechanism is intended uh which is U this mechanism is intended. For publishing um data for for publishing um data for for publishing um data for indexers um the event consist of the. Indexers um the event consist of the indexers um the event consist of the header of the event and some arbitrary. Header of the event and some arbitrary header of the event and some arbitrary contract. Contract contract data um so uh these uh events can be data um so uh these uh events can be. Data um so uh these uh events can be further analyzed by indexers by further analyzed by indexers by. Further analyzed by indexers by rpcs or some other rpcs or some other rpcs or some other. Applications um and at the bottom uh of applications um and at the bottom uh of applications um and at the bottom uh of. The invocation you can see um what the invocation you can see um what the invocation you can see um what. Happens uh on the system level so like happens uh on the system level so like happens uh on the system level so like. Uh input output uh memory usage uh input output uh memory usage uh input output uh memory usage. Ledger entries written and U read and um Ledger entries written and U read and um. Ledger entries written and U read and um many other many other many other very low um very low level statistics. Very low um very low level statistics very low um very low level statistics and uh additional of course here you can. And uh additional of course here you can and uh additional of course here you can. See also fees charged for these see also fees charged for these see also fees charged for these. Particular particular particular transactions uh which can be analyzed transactions uh which can be analyzed. Transactions uh which can be analyzed further um now if we uh uh scale up a further um now if we uh uh scale up a. Further um now if we uh uh scale up a bit um we have a contract view uh if you bit um we have a contract view uh if you. Bit um we have a contract view uh if you just click uh just click uh just click uh. The address of any contract you will end the address of any contract you will end. The address of any contract you will end up here uh at the contract View and it up here uh at the contract View and it. Up here uh at the contract View and it will display like the general summary of will display like the general summary of. Will display like the general summary of the contract and uh current contract the contract and uh current contract. The contract and uh current contract balances uh this is I think uh balances uh this is I think uh. Balances uh this is I think uh is is a liquidity pool contract that is is a liquidity pool contract that. Is is a liquidity pool contract that holds uh uh xlm and you DC holds uh uh xlm and you DC. Holds uh uh xlm and you DC assets um we have here the information assets um we have here the information. Assets um we have here the information who created the who created the who created the. Contract uh and um there was some hash contract uh and um there was some hash contract uh and um there was some hash. Of the contract also it was pretty of the contract also it was pretty of the contract also it was pretty. Active contract that made a lot of active contract that made a lot of active contract that made a lot of. Transfers uh data storage here uh shows transfers uh data storage here uh shows transfers uh data storage here uh shows. The number of uh entries uh that have the number of uh entries uh that have the number of uh entries uh that have. Been been been written and stored on written and stored on written and stored on chain um below it um you can see the. Chain um below it um you can see the chain um below it um you can see the detailed breakdown of. Detailed breakdown of detailed breakdown of um all the ocation stats here you can. Um all the ocation stats here you can um all the ocation stats here you can play around with functions uh selecting. Play around with functions uh selecting play around with functions uh selecting some spe specific function uh you want. Some spe specific function uh you want some spe specific function uh you want to to. To analyze choose the period uh for starts analyze choose the period uh for starts. Analyze choose the period uh for starts um and um and um and um analyze some specific uh statistics. Um analyze some specific uh statistics um analyze some specific uh statistics so for example if you want to know why. So for example if you want to know why so for example if you want to know why um these grew up after the recent. Um these grew up after the recent um these grew up after the recent deployment you can see it here you can. Deployment you can see it here you can deployment you can see it here you can see how this value change over time and. See how this value change over time and see how this value change over time and um how to analyze them uh history tab we. Um how to analyze them uh history tab we um how to analyze them uh history tab we. Already talked about iter and the already talked about iter and the already talked about iter and the. Interface tab uh contains um the list of interface tab uh contains um the list of. Interface tab uh contains um the list of public experts from the contract it's public experts from the contract it's. Public experts from the contract it's like functions uh uh all the structures like functions uh uh all the structures. Like functions uh uh all the structures enams everything that is declared in the enams everything that is declared in the. Enams everything that is declared in the contract and publicly available all the contract and publicly available all the. Contract and publicly available all the contract interfaces here um and it's contract interfaces here um and it's. Contract interfaces here um and it's quite handy tool if you want to build a quite handy tool if you want to build a. Quite handy tool if you want to build a transaction using CLI or any other Tool transaction using CLI or any other Tool. Transaction using CLI or any other Tool uh or you just maybe want to uh or you just maybe want to. Uh or you just maybe want to uh play around Vis it uh and uh check uh uh play around Vis it uh and uh check uh. Uh play around Vis it uh and uh check uh what's inside the contract uh here is what's inside the contract uh here is. What's inside the contract uh here is also the link uh for downloading the also the link uh for downloading the. Also the link uh for downloading the contract uh contract was and contract uh contract was and. Contract uh contract was and um here is the next interface uh which um here is the next interface uh which. Um here is the next interface uh which shows the the list of stor data entries shows the the list of stor data entries. Shows the the list of stor data entries uh for some particular uh for some particular. Uh for some particular contract um here we can see uh the that contract um here we can see uh the that. Contract um here we can see uh the that uh the entry is persistent or not it's uh the entry is persistent or not it's. Uh the entry is persistent or not it's uh TTL value so time to leave um when uh TTL value so time to leave um when. Uh TTL value so time to leave um when the last it was updated uh and uh the last it was updated uh and uh. The last it was updated uh and uh balances attached to these balances attached to these. Balances attached to these values values values um and uh one more thing that I'd like. Um and uh one more thing that I'd like um and uh one more thing that I'd like to cover uh probably not everybody knows. To cover uh probably not everybody knows to cover uh probably not everybody knows. About this functionality but uh we have about this functionality but uh we have about this functionality but uh we have. Uh protocol versions history uh in the uh protocol versions history uh in the uh protocol versions history uh in the. Interface uh it's under the main menu interface uh it's under the main menu interface uh it's under the main menu. Section and um in the protocols history section and um in the protocols history section and um in the protocols history. You can see uh changes uh that were you can see uh changes uh that were you can see uh changes uh that were. Applied to applied to applied to the to The Ledger uh during prodal the to The Ledger uh during prodal. The to The Ledger uh during prodal upgrades and of also during suran upgrades and of also during suran. Upgrades and of also during suran runtime F changes runtime F changes runtime F changes. Updates um it's uh the lowlevel view of updates um it's uh the lowlevel view of updates um it's uh the lowlevel view of. What happens uh when validators vote for what happens uh when validators vote for. What happens uh when validators vote for increas in limits and uh basically here increas in limits and uh basically here. Increas in limits and uh basically here you can easily check and say what are you can easily check and say what are. You can easily check and say what are our current limits uh and uh what was our current limits uh and uh what was. Our current limits uh and uh what was the last update uh and what changed the last update uh and what changed. The last update uh and what changed during uh I have a lot of more to cover during uh I have a lot of more to cover. During uh I have a lot of more to cover but let's wrap at it because I think but let's wrap at it because I think. But let's wrap at it because I think that uh we have already few minutes left that uh we have already few minutes left. That uh we have already few minutes left so if you have any question questions so if you have any question questions. So if you have any question questions let let let St yeah thank you for for the run. St yeah thank you for for the run St yeah thank you for for the run through uh I I. Through uh I I through uh I I definitely have learned a little bit I'm definitely have learned a little bit I'm. Definitely have learned a little bit I'm I'm still a pretty basic user but but I I'm still a pretty basic user but but I. I'm still a pretty basic user but but I think it's it's it's a very it's it's think it's it's it's a very it's it's. Think it's it's it's a very it's it's very practical to to be able to see very practical to to be able to see. Very practical to to be able to see something like the the protocol upgrades something like the the protocol upgrades. Something like the the protocol upgrades um I think there's a lot of good um I think there's a lot of good. Um I think there's a lot of good features for for debuging and for for features for for debuging and for for. Features for for debuging and for for evaluating your your contracts do we evaluating your your contracts do we. Evaluating your your contracts do we have any questions from from the comments I don't see. From the comments I don't see that um I don't think so but uh yeah that um I don't think so but uh yeah. That um I don't think so but uh yeah let's see there's one see there's one here soron is this uh in the context of. Soron is this uh in the context of Stellar Stellar Stellar expert yes so um we already show uh. The transaction history and trades and the transaction history and trades and everything for classic uh. Everything for classic uh everything for classic uh operations uh but um trades history and. Operations uh but um trades history and operations uh but um trades history and some specific for example liquidity pool. Some specific for example liquidity pool some specific for example liquidity pool. Stats or um for example blend pool stats stats or um for example blend pool stats. Stats or um for example blend pool stats they are still unavailable because uh they are still unavailable because uh. They are still unavailable because uh like right now we still have uh the like right now we still have uh the. Like right now we still have uh the process of um standardization in process of um standardization in. Process of um standardization in progress uh so right now um the progress uh so right now um the. Progress uh so right now um the committee is talking about uh moving to committee is talking about uh moving to. Committee is talking about uh moving to some more some more some more uh uh more obvious standards for. Uh uh more obvious standards for uh uh more obvious standards for publishing for example events uh what. Publishing for example events uh what publishing for example events uh what will be the format of these events and. Will be the format of these events and will be the format of these events and how they can be further analyzed by. How they can be further analyzed by how they can be further analyzed by Downstream systems to produce all the. Downstream systems to produce all the Downstream systems to produce all the DAT um it it should be available soon in. DAT um it it should be available soon in DAT um it it should be available soon in. Star expert all the price history all Star expert all the price history all Star expert all the price history all. The stats from surban the stats from surban the stats from surban Contrition okay great I think that's all. Contrition okay great I think that's all Contrition okay great I think that's all. We have time for today thank you for for we have time for today thank you for for. We have time for today thank you for for joining again thank you for inviting joining again thank you for inviting. Joining again thank you for inviting this was really interesting I I love to this was really interesting I I love to. This was really interesting I I love to see some of the community build tools uh see some of the community build tools uh. See some of the community build tools uh it's it's a it was a pleasure to to chat. It's it's a it was a pleasure to to chat it's it's a it was a pleasure to to chat. To you again and um yeah if anyone else to you again and um yeah if anyone else to you again and um yeah if anyone else. Has some some questions I'm sure they has some some questions I'm sure they has some some questions I'm sure they. Can they can reach out to you on on can they can reach out to you on on can they can reach out to you on on. Discord but um yeah definitely for Discord but um yeah definitely for Discord but um yeah definitely for. Joining and thank you all this thank you joining and thank you all this thank you. Joining and thank you all this thank you okay thank you bye bye.
