Hello everyone and welcome to hello everyone and welcome to the stellar open protocol discussion for. The stellar open protocol discussion for the stellar open protocol discussion for. June 17 june 17 june 17 2021 so this meeting like all these 2021 so this meeting like all these. 2021 so this meeting like all these meetings it's a part of the process for meetings it's a part of the process for. Meetings it's a part of the process for making changes to the stellar protocol making changes to the stellar protocol. Making changes to the stellar protocol and we live stream these meetings so and we live stream these meetings so. And we live stream these meetings so that anyone interested can follow along that anyone interested can follow along. That anyone interested can follow along in these meetings we go over caps or in these meetings we go over caps or. In these meetings we go over caps or core advancement proposals core advancement proposals. Core advancement proposals these are open source specs these are open source specs. these are open source specs that describe new features that are that describe new features that are. That describe new features that are designed to evolve the protocol to meet designed to evolve the protocol to meet. Designed to evolve the protocol to meet ecosystem needs ecosystem needs ecosystem needs. And before we start i do want to point and before we start i do want to point and before we start i do want to point. Out that this is a technical discussion out that this is a technical discussion out that this is a technical discussion. A very technical discussion a very technical discussion a very technical discussion. So you may want to review the caps we're so you may want to review the caps we're. So you may want to review the caps we're about to go over and the recent about to go over and the recent. About to go over and the recent developer mailing list threads about developer mailing list threads about. Developer mailing list threads about them them them both of which are linked to in the event. Both of which are linked to in the event both of which are linked to in the event. Description before we dive in i also description before we dive in i also description before we dive in i also. Want to give a quick want to give a quick want to give a quick process overview so to allow for. Process overview so to allow for process overview so to allow for discussion and feedback collection and. Discussion and feedback collection and discussion and feedback collection and vetting. Vetting vetting each cap goes through a specific life each cap goes through a specific life. Each cap goes through a specific life cycle right it's proposed it's drafted cycle right it's proposed it's drafted. Cycle right it's proposed it's drafted then it's discussed on the stellar debt then it's discussed on the stellar debt. Then it's discussed on the stellar debt mailing list again there's a link to mailing list again there's a link to. Mailing list again there's a link to that mailing list in the event that mailing list in the event. That mailing list in the event description so if you're interested you description so if you're interested you. Description so if you're interested you should join it should join it should join it. Based on the feedback that comes in a based on the feedback that comes in a based on the feedback that comes in a. Draft is then revised and re-evaluated draft is then revised and re-evaluated draft is then revised and re-evaluated. When that process is complete it's put when that process is complete it's put when that process is complete it's put. To the cap committee who decides whether to the cap committee who decides whether. To the cap committee who decides whether or not to accept it or not to accept it or not to accept it. Now after a cap committee vote the cap now after a cap committee vote the cap now after a cap committee vote the cap. Enters into a one-week final comment enters into a one-week final comment enters into a one-week final comment. Period which gives everyone a last period which gives everyone a last period which gives everyone a last. Chance to raise questions chance to raise questions chance to raise questions also on the stellar dev mailing list and. Also on the stellar dev mailing list and also on the stellar dev mailing list and. If the cat makes it through that final if the cat makes it through that final if the cat makes it through that final. Comment period comment period comment period it's implemented in a major stellar core. It's implemented in a major stellar core it's implemented in a major stellar core. Release then there's still release then there's still release then there's still one final step before it hits the. One final step before it hits the one final step before it hits the network validators vote on whether or. Network validators vote on whether or network validators vote on whether or not to upgrade the network to a new. Not to upgrade the network to a new not to upgrade the network to a new version of the protocol. Version of the protocol version of the protocol thereby accepting or rejecting the. Thereby accepting or rejecting the thereby accepting or rejecting the change so ultimately. Change so ultimately change so ultimately at the end of the process the network at the end of the process the network. At the end of the process the network decides on major protocol changes decides on major protocol changes. Decides on major protocol changes now at the moment there are two similar now at the moment there are two similar. Now at the moment there are two similar proposals on the table proposals on the table. Proposals on the table cap 37 and cap38 both proposals aim to cap 37 and cap38 both proposals aim to. Cap 37 and cap38 both proposals aim to improve improve improve overall network liquidity by introducing. Overall network liquidity by introducing overall network liquidity by introducing. Automated market makers automated market makers automated market makers at the protocol level so there's general. At the protocol level so there's general at the protocol level so there's general. Agreement that amns agreement that amns agreement that amns which allow for the creation of. Which allow for the creation of which allow for the creation of liquidity pools are a simple way to. Liquidity pools are a simple way to liquidity pools are a simple way to attract capital. Attract capital attract capital and enable high volumes of trading and and enable high volumes of trading and. And enable high volumes of trading and that introducing them to the protocol that introducing them to the protocol. That introducing them to the protocol would have great benefits for the would have great benefits for the. Would have great benefits for the network right network right network right it leads better liquidity which means. It leads better liquidity which means it leads better liquidity which means better exchange which means better cross. Better exchange which means better cross better exchange which means better cross. Currency payments currency payments currency payments but while the proposals have the same. But while the proposals have the same but while the proposals have the same fundamental goal and actually a lot in. Fundamental goal and actually a lot in fundamental goal and actually a lot in common besides that. Common besides that common besides that there are a few implementation there are a few implementation. There are a few implementation differences between them differences between them differences between them. The big one it has to do with order the big one it has to do with order the big one it has to do with order. Routing right cap 37 routing right cap 37 routing right cap 37 it suggests interleaving amms for the. It suggests interleaving amms for the it suggests interleaving amms for the built-in order books that make up. Built-in order books that make up built-in order books that make up stellar's decentralized exchange. Stellar's decentralized exchange stellar's decentralized exchange also known as the dex so in cap 37 a buy. Also known as the dex so in cap 37 a buy also known as the dex so in cap 37 a buy. Or sell order can execute in part or sell order can execute in part or sell order can execute in part. Against an against an against an a m and in part against the decks a m and in part against the decks. A m and in part against the decks basically pulls from each to piece basically pulls from each to piece. Basically pulls from each to piece together the best overall rate together the best overall rate. Together the best overall rate so that's interleaved order rally cap 38 so that's interleaved order rally cap 38. So that's interleaved order rally cap 38 on the other hand takes a best venue on the other hand takes a best venue. On the other hand takes a best venue approach approach approach right an order fully executes against. Right an order fully executes against right an order fully executes against one or the other either. One or the other either one or the other either fully against an amm or fully against. Fully against an amm or fully against fully against an amm or fully against the decks whichever one provides the. The decks whichever one provides the the decks whichever one provides the best best. Best overall rate so that's best venue ready overall rate so that's best venue ready. Overall rate so that's best venue ready there's already been a lot of discussion there's already been a lot of discussion. There's already been a lot of discussion about both approaches and it's mostly about both approaches and it's mostly. About both approaches and it's mostly happened on the stellar debt mailing happened on the stellar debt mailing. Happened on the stellar debt mailing list list list today we've arrived at a point where we. Today we've arrived at a point where we today we've arrived at a point where we kind of need to start figuring out. Kind of need to start figuring out kind of need to start figuring out our path forward so cap 38 has had. Our path forward so cap 38 has had our path forward so cap 38 has had more revisions of late than cap 37 so. More revisions of late than cap 37 so more revisions of late than cap 37 so it's a little bit further along but. It's a little bit further along but it's a little bit further along but let's imagine that cap 37 was brought to. Let's imagine that cap 37 was brought to let's imagine that cap 37 was brought to. Parity so it dealt with parity so it dealt with parity so it dealt with the issues that cat38 deals with things. The issues that cat38 deals with things the issues that cat38 deals with things like authorization. Like authorization like authorization which approach would we choose and why which approach would we choose and why. Which approach would we choose and why that's where we're starting today that's where we're starting today. That's where we're starting today and i'm gonna open it up for and i'm gonna open it up for. and i'm gonna open it up for discussion and also if i got any of that discussion and also if i got any of that. Discussion and also if i got any of that wrong wrong wrong please say so because i want to make. Please say so because i want to make please say so because i want to make sure that we're representing this. Sure that we're representing this sure that we're representing this correctly correctly. Correctly so who wants to start maybe i can't stop given that i was the maybe i can't stop given that i was the. Last to talk i think on that mainly on last to talk i think on that mainly on last to talk i think on that mainly on. The dev mailing list the dev mailing list the dev mailing list so that people can take it from there . So that people can take it from there so that people can take it from there . So i think yeah like we had like a so i think yeah like we had like a so i think yeah like we had like a. A good exchange i think with marcus a good exchange i think with marcus a good exchange i think with marcus. on the on that mainly so it's like on the on that mainly so it's like on the on that mainly so it's like. The the the i think it we we reached a point i think i think it we we reached a point i think. I think it we we reached a point i think in that thread in that thread in that thread. Where we are where we are where we are basically thinking about yeah capital e7 basically thinking about yeah capital e7. Basically thinking about yeah capital e7 as a as something that can be done on as a as something that can be done on. As a as something that can be done on top of capital e8 top of capital e8 top of capital e8. And i think as if as a framework i think and i think as if as a framework i think. And i think as if as a framework i think where we ended up where we ended up where we ended up. Is really thinking about it as okay like is really thinking about it as okay like. Is really thinking about it as okay like there are like some potential concerns there are like some potential concerns. There are like some potential concerns there there there but like are we but like are we. but like are we are they like are those concerns are they like are those concerns . Are they like are those concerns strong enough that they would be strong enough that they would be. Strong enough that they would be basically deal breakers for basically deal breakers for. Basically deal breakers for not doing like just capital eight not doing like just capital eight. Not doing like just capital eight so like the main concerns concern i had so like the main concerns concern i had. So like the main concerns concern i had in that in that thread was and actually in that in that thread was and actually. In that in that thread was and actually like like like as we've been moving along capital e . As we've been moving along capital e as we've been moving along capital e the this became true the . The this became true the the this became true the cap create at this point is the longest. Cap create at this point is the longest cap create at this point is the longest cap we ever. Cap we ever cap we ever wrote it's it's actually quite wrote it's it's actually quite. Wrote it's it's actually quite complicated it has many complicated it has many. Complicated it has many many things in there like and i many things in there like and i. Many things in there like and i didn't actually anticipate that we had didn't actually anticipate that we had. Didn't actually anticipate that we had so much complexity so much complexity so much complexity. like up front i thought the hard like up front i thought the hard like up front i thought the hard. Stuff was going to be around stuff was going to be around stuff was going to be around. The the arithmetic like the the the arithmetic like the the the arithmetic like the. Fixed point math you know that we had fixed point math you know that we had. Fixed point math you know that we had experience with before experience with before. Experience with before with the decks and this turned out with the decks and this turned out. with the decks and this turned out to be bad too but to be bad too but . To be bad too but yeah basically much many other things yeah basically much many other things. Yeah basically much many other things going on there going on there going on there. and yeah so where we and yeah so where we and yeah so where we where we are right now at with the with. Where we are right now at with the with where we are right now at with the with this thread. This thread this thread is is is it looks like there are no like it looks like there are no like. It looks like there are no like like deal breakers right like the like deal breakers right like the. like deal breakers right like the like the the things for example like the the things for example. Like the the things for example interleaving okay interleaving is better interleaving okay interleaving is better. Interleaving okay interleaving is better like i think nobody like i think nobody . Like i think nobody disagrees with that but can we not disagrees with that but can we not. Disagrees with that but can we not having intelligence so doing best venue having intelligence so doing best venue. Having intelligence so doing best venue is that is that is that like is that something that maybe. like is that something that maybe like is that something that maybe even though it's. Even though it's even though it's not optimal is that good enough to get not optimal is that good enough to get. Not optimal is that good enough to get us us us how to get this amm solution out the. How to get this amm solution out the how to get this amm solution out the door door. Door quicker i think there was like a quicker i think there was like a quicker i think there was like a. A potentially other thing that was the a potentially other thing that was the a potentially other thing that was the. This one we didn't even talk about this one we didn't even talk about this one we didn't even talk about. Because this one is really like a very because this one is really like a very because this one is really like a very. Different different different like a big departure basically from like a big departure basically from. like a big departure basically from from how even from how even from how even. Existing mms in other existing mms in other existing mms in other like in other systems like unisop for. like in other systems like unisop for like in other systems like unisop for. Example example example like the dynamic fee topic that is in like the dynamic fee topic that is in. Like the dynamic fee topic that is in capital e7 capital e7 capital e7 this is another kind of ones in a way. this is another kind of ones in a way this is another kind of ones in a way. Like in terms of complexity that i like in terms of complexity that i like in terms of complexity that i. I don't think is necessary like to i don't think is necessary like to. I don't think is necessary like to to get a first version out both are to get a first version out both are. To get a first version out both are interesting but i i think the interesting but i i think the. Interesting but i i think the where we are right now is it looks like where we are right now is it looks like. Where we are right now is it looks like those are should be considered those are should be considered. Those are should be considered like at at a later point given like at at a later point given. like at at a later point given that they're not strictly necessary that they're not strictly necessary. that they're not strictly necessary for for a first version i keep repeating myself i'm sorry so i. I keep repeating myself i'm sorry so i mean mean mean i feel like part of what you're saying. I feel like part of what you're saying i feel like part of what you're saying is cap 38 which is already fairly. Is cap 38 which is already fairly is cap 38 which is already fairly complex complex. Complex is simpler than cap 37 that some of the is simpler than cap 37 that some of the. Is simpler than cap 37 that some of the things the features essentially that things the features essentially that. Things the features essentially that cap37 suggests could be cap37 suggests could be. Cap37 suggests could be added later is that correct that was added later is that correct that was. Added later is that correct that was always the the approach we are trying to always the the approach we are trying to. Always the the approach we are trying to do capital eight during the do capital eight during the. Do capital eight during the minimal set of things we could do to get minimal set of things we could do to get. Minimal set of things we could do to get emm's out and then the question the emm's out and then the question the. emm's out and then the question the tension is already tension is already tension is already. Always is that something that's actually always is that something that's actually. Always is that something that's actually shippable or shippable or shippable or do we are we going to run into something. Do we are we going to run into something do we are we going to run into something. that makes it basically non-viable like that makes it basically non-viable like. That makes it basically non-viable like so for example the so for example the so for example the. I think one of the concerns around are i think one of the concerns around are i think one of the concerns around are. We going to we going to we going to cause the network to grind to a halt cause the network to grind to a halt. Cause the network to grind to a halt let's say let's say let's say because we have so much arbitrage or. Because we have so much arbitrage or because we have so much arbitrage or like the markets become so. Like the markets become so like the markets become so inefficient that that things are just. Inefficient that that things are just inefficient that that things are just. unusable like those i think we're unusable like those i think we're unusable like those i think we're. We're raised on the we're raised on the we're raised on the on the mailing list . On the mailing list on the mailing list and i think at this point it's just like. And i think at this point it's just like and i think at this point it's just like. We don't we don't know we don't we don't know we don't we don't know yeah and i think yeah maybe yeah. Yeah and i think yeah maybe yeah yeah and i think yeah maybe yeah i i would say like i think i don't i. I i would say like i think i don't i i i would say like i think i don't i haven't heard a disagreement for. Haven't heard a disagreement for haven't heard a disagreement for you know cap 38 being on the path to. you know cap 38 being on the path to you know cap 38 being on the path to cap 37 as in like we would. Cap 37 as in like we would cap 37 as in like we would basically have to implement cap 38. Basically have to implement cap 38 basically have to implement cap 38 before we implement cap37 anyway and so. Before we implement cap37 anyway and so before we implement cap37 anyway and so that. That that the really the question is just like the really the question is just like. The really the question is just like does it make sense to go all the way to does it make sense to go all the way to. Does it make sense to go all the way to 37 or can we release 38 in the meantime 37 or can we release 38 in the meantime. 37 or can we release 38 in the meantime and that really the only arguments i've and that really the only arguments i've. And that really the only arguments i've seen for releasing seen for releasing . Seen for releasing for going all the way to 37 for going all the way to 37 . For going all the way to 37 are that the arbitrage thing that nicola are that the arbitrage thing that nicola. Are that the arbitrage thing that nicola just mentioned just mentioned just mentioned. And then also the fact that that that and then also the fact that that that and then also the fact that that that. The the the you essentially need a new ui to you essentially need a new ui to you essentially need a new ui to. Interact with cap 37 where you kind of interact with cap 37 where you kind of interact with cap 37 where you kind of. Don't don't don't interact interact with cap 38 or sorry interact interact with cap 38 or sorry. Interact interact with cap 38 or sorry you need a new ui to interact with cap you need a new ui to interact with cap. You need a new ui to interact with cap 38 but not really in the ui 38 but not really in the ui. 38 but not really in the ui act with cap 37 because basically cap act with cap 37 because basically cap. Act with cap 37 because basically cap 38 really only supports path payments to. 38 really only supports path payments to 38 really only supports path payments to. To take these to take these to take these liquidity offers and that they aren't liquidity offers and that they aren't. Liquidity offers and that they aren't really patterns aren't really well really patterns aren't really well. Really patterns aren't really well supported in the ecosystem i don't think supported in the ecosystem i don't think. Supported in the ecosystem i don't think i mean definitely not like stellar acts i mean definitely not like stellar acts. I mean definitely not like stellar acts and things like that so and things like that so . And things like that so but yeah so just basically so really the but yeah so just basically so really the. But yeah so just basically so really the question here is question here is question here is. Is the the danger of arbitrage and and is the the danger of arbitrage and and is the the danger of arbitrage and and. The the the kind of the burden of having people like kind of the burden of having people like. Kind of the burden of having people like change their uis is that great enough change their uis is that great enough. Change their uis is that great enough to warrant core going all the way to cap to warrant core going all the way to cap. To warrant core going all the way to cap 37 37 37 and like i said on the mailing list i. And like i said on the mailing list i and like i said on the mailing list i. Think the arbitrage thing is think the arbitrage thing is think the arbitrage thing is. Better addressed in a different way better addressed in a different way better addressed in a different way. Because we're going to have arbitrage because we're going to have arbitrage because we're going to have arbitrage. Even in cap 37 world and even in cap 37 world and even in cap 37 world and. I think the ui thing is unfortunate but i think the ui thing is unfortunate but i think the ui thing is unfortunate but. it just seems way better to get this it just seems way better to get this it just seems way better to get this. Out earlier and then we can proceed to out earlier and then we can proceed to out earlier and then we can proceed to. Work on work on work on some some like more cohesive ui some some like more cohesive ui. some some like more cohesive ui like later basically if it seems like later basically if it seems. like later basically if it seems worth it so worth it so worth it so yeah but i don't know if anyone. yeah but i don't know if anyone yeah but i don't know if anyone disagrees like like. Disagrees like like disagrees like like does anyone actually disagree here so. I mean i i guess the question that i i mean i i guess the question that i have is so. Have is so have is so i understand that a ui that that's i understand that a ui that that's. I understand that a ui that that's something that can be solved later something that can be solved later. Something that can be solved later i i and i guess my question is about i i and i guess my question is about. i i and i guess my question is about arbitrage arbitrage arbitrage it seems like the risk with going with. It seems like the risk with going with it seems like the risk with going with cap 38. Cap 38 cap 38 is that it would open up new is that it would open up new is that it would open up new. Possibilities for arbitrage possibilities for arbitrage possibilities for arbitrage. And your argument that you made on the and your argument that you made on the and your argument that you made on the. Mailing list jed mailing list jed mailing list jed is that there's a there are better it's. Is that there's a there are better it's is that there's a there are better it's better to deal with that as a separate. Better to deal with that as a separate better to deal with that as a separate issue. Issue issue but i guess what the the the question but i guess what the the the question. but i guess what the the the question is is there a way to actually understand. Is there a way to actually understand the the arabic the risk that arbitrage the the arabic the risk that arbitrage. The the arabic the risk that arbitrage poses poses poses is it is it a real risk right is. is it is it a real risk right is is it is it a real risk right is there a risk that implementing cat 38. There a risk that implementing cat 38 there a risk that implementing cat 38 would create so many arbitrage. Would create so many arbitrage would create so many arbitrage opportunities that would have an effect. Opportunities that would have an effect opportunities that would have an effect on the network. On the network on the network or do we feel like that's not or do we feel like that's not. Or do we feel like that's not actually something to to worry about in actually something to to worry about in. Actually something to to worry about in the short term the short term the short term. With cat38 and and basically why with cat38 and and basically why with cat38 and and basically why. I can take that jet if you want oh i can take that jet if you want oh i can take that jet if you want oh. Like i i think there are like two type like i i think there are like two type like i i think there are like two type. Of problems right with that comes with of problems right with that comes with of problems right with that comes with. Arbitrage one is arbitrage one is arbitrage one is is like actually having is like actually having. Is like actually having this being a inefficient market but this being a inefficient market but. This being a inefficient market but arbitrage is correcting that so in a way arbitrage is correcting that so in a way. Arbitrage is correcting that so in a way maybe it doesn't matter like it just maybe it doesn't matter like it just. Maybe it doesn't matter like it just makes makes makes the it creates those weird like . The it creates those weird like the it creates those weird like change in price on certain pairs but you. Change in price on certain pairs but you change in price on certain pairs but you. Know at the end of the day like those know at the end of the day like those know at the end of the day like those. The mms end up being the mms end up being the mms end up being balanced correctly so it's not that i. Balanced correctly so it's not that i balanced correctly so it's not that i think that's. Think that's think that's not so much of a of a problem maybe not so much of a of a problem maybe. Not so much of a of a problem maybe there's like the there's like the there's like the. Yeah like you have a larger spread in yeah like you have a larger spread in. Yeah like you have a larger spread in a way like a way like a way like . For for like a little bit like things for for like a little bit like things for for like a little bit like things. Like that like that like that i think the one of the main concerns i think the one of the main concerns. i think the one of the main concerns i think came from more like the the i think came from more like the the. i think came from more like the the the amount of traffic that potentially the amount of traffic that potentially. The amount of traffic that potentially gets generated by this gets generated by this. Gets generated by this by more arbitrage activity by more arbitrage activity. by more arbitrage activity so for for example more recently we so for for example more recently we. So for for example more recently we had like a lot of had like a lot of had like a lot of. Relativity for example on the market relativity for example on the market relativity for example on the market . Like in crypto in general like what like in crypto in general like what like in crypto in general like what . What was it like maybe a month ago or what was it like maybe a month ago or what was it like maybe a month ago or. Something like that well it was like something like that well it was like something like that well it was like. Crazy and and when crazy and and when crazy and and when when was when this was happening we had. When was when this was happening we had when was when this was happening we had actually. Actually actually a lot of of ledgers on the network a lot of of ledgers on the network. a lot of of ledgers on the network that were that were that were with a lot of failed transactions. with a lot of failed transactions with a lot of failed transactions and i think that could be the type of. and i think that could be the type of and i think that could be the type of. Things that happens things that happens things that happens more more often if we have like. More more often if we have like more more often if we have like this discrepancy between the decks and. This discrepancy between the decks and this discrepancy between the decks and and amms. and amms and amms the the reality is that with the work the the reality is that with the work. the the reality is that with the work that we did in the last year that we did in the last year. That we did in the last year this type of so the impact on the this type of so the impact on the. this type of so the impact on the network network network is is actually is is actually . Is is actually kind of not that bad i mean it's it kind of not that bad i mean it's it. Kind of not that bad i mean it's it doesn't doesn't doesn't like a year like the same question a. Like a year like the same question a like a year like the same question a year ago would have been okay if we have. Year ago would have been okay if we have year ago would have been okay if we have. Like this type of like this type of like this type of arbitrage spikes and whatnot we were. Arbitrage spikes and whatnot we were arbitrage spikes and whatnot we were actually seeing. Actually seeing actually seeing like certain ledgers being impacted like certain ledgers being impacted. Like certain ledgers being impacted like like like like sometimes we had like delays of. Like sometimes we had like delays of like sometimes we had like delays of like 10 seconds 15 seconds on ledgers. Like 10 seconds 15 seconds on ledgers like 10 seconds 15 seconds on ledgers. Like like like this was not acceptable so we we we this was not acceptable so we we we. This was not acceptable so we we we found ways to fix that found ways to fix that. Found ways to fix that but we had a good stress test i guess but we had a good stress test i guess. but we had a good stress test i guess so yeah like so yeah like so yeah like . Like less months and you know like or like less months and you know like or like less months and you know like or. Like a like a like a a good what was it like a good month i a good what was it like a good month i. A good what was it like a good month i think like in april basically think like in april basically. Think like in april basically and yeah the network was fine the and yeah the network was fine the. and yeah the network was fine the annoying thing is that we have annoying thing is that we have. Annoying thing is that we have dancering systems have all the straight dancering systems have all the straight. Dancering systems have all the straight transactions transactions transactions and and that i think we have to. And and that i think we have to and and that i think we have to to be mindful of that i think that's. To be mindful of that i think that's to be mindful of that i think that's kind of the the thing for me that is. Kind of the the thing for me that is kind of the the thing for me that is where this is potentially annoying. Where this is potentially annoying where this is potentially annoying but that's something that we can . but that's something that we can but that's something that we can improve of our time i think it's like. Improve of our time i think it's like improve of our time i think it's like. For example horizon right now for example horizon right now for example horizon right now. there's quite a bit of overhead even there's quite a bit of overhead even there's quite a bit of overhead even. For failed transactions for failed transactions for failed transactions i think we can probably do a quite a. i think we can probably do a quite a i think we can probably do a quite a bit better. Bit better bit better and we have also similar ideas with and we have also similar ideas with. And we have also similar ideas with in core i think we have to deal with in core i think we have to deal with. In core i think we have to deal with that regardless because we have like that regardless because we have like. That regardless because we have like some some some historical data already with a bunch of. Historical data already with a bunch of historical data already with a bunch of failed transactions and i think when. Failed transactions and i think when failed transactions and i think when people want to. People want to people want to rebuild historical data rebuild historical data. rebuild historical data i mean like the meta for example based i mean like the meta for example based. I mean like the meta for example based on those old ledgers i think we want to on those old ledgers i think we want to. On those old ledgers i think we want to be be be to do that efficiently so i think we. To do that efficiently so i think we to do that efficiently so i think we will find ways to. Will find ways to will find ways to to make this better overall yeah to me to make this better overall yeah to me. To make this better overall yeah to me it seems like it's it seems like it's it seems like it's. It like if arbitrage goes up a lot yeah it like if arbitrage goes up a lot yeah it like if arbitrage goes up a lot yeah. Certainly it'll certainly be a nuisance certainly it'll certainly be a nuisance certainly it'll certainly be a nuisance. But it doesn't seem like it there's a but it doesn't seem like it there's a but it doesn't seem like it there's a. Way for it to really be catastrophic i way for it to really be catastrophic i way for it to really be catastrophic i. Mean there's lots of mean there's lots of mean there's lots of you know guardrails and checks in. you know guardrails and checks in you know guardrails and checks in the network already that that. The network already that that the network already that that that would prevent it from doing that . That would prevent it from doing that that would prevent it from doing that . But yeah like things like but yeah like things like but yeah like things like catching up to the network or running. Catching up to the network or running catching up to the network or running horizon could potentially be like. Horizon could potentially be like horizon could potentially be like more load than you would we would want. More load than you would we would want more load than you would we would want so i think we should deal with arbitrage. So i think we should deal with arbitrage so i think we should deal with arbitrage. I'm not convinced it'll like like i said i'm not convinced it'll like like i said. I'm not convinced it'll like like i said in the 90s i'm not convinced that going in the 90s i'm not convinced that going. In the 90s i'm not convinced that going to 38 will to 38 will to 38 will greatly increase arbitrage unless it. Greatly increase arbitrage unless it greatly increase arbitrage unless it just greatly increases the number of. Just greatly increases the number of just greatly increases the number of people using the network right which is. People using the network right which is people using the network right which is we want right so . We want right so we want right so but yeah but it doesn't seem like but yeah but it doesn't seem like. But yeah but it doesn't seem like something that we have to fix before we something that we have to fix before we. Something that we have to fix before we release 38 is my point like release 38 is my point like. Release 38 is my point like i think we can release it and if i think we can release it and if. I think we can release it and if arbitrage goes up then then we'll arbitrage goes up then then we'll. Arbitrage goes up then then we'll certainly address it we need to address certainly address it we need to address. Certainly address it we need to address our arbitrage regardless so we should be our arbitrage regardless so we should be. Our arbitrage regardless so we should be working on that kind of in parallel working on that kind of in parallel. Working on that kind of in parallel it's kind of my thoughts i mean just it's kind of my thoughts i mean just. It's kind of my thoughts i mean just kind of for the record you know i know kind of for the record you know i know. Kind of for the record you know i know this isn't on the table so my this isn't on the table so my. This isn't on the table so my my preference in all this you know i my preference in all this you know i. My preference in all this you know i think the the think the the think the the. The the real priority is to not the the real priority is to not the the real priority is to not. Let the the perfect be the enemy of the let the the perfect be the enemy of the let the the perfect be the enemy of the. Good in this project so what i would you good in this project so what i would you. Good in this project so what i would you know my ideal solution know my ideal solution. Know my ideal solution for an amm would be you know as fast to for an amm would be you know as fast to. For an amm would be you know as fast to deploy to implement a deploy as possible deploy to implement a deploy as possible. Deploy to implement a deploy as possible and it's easy to kind of upgrade or back. And it's easy to kind of upgrade or back and it's easy to kind of upgrade or back. Out you know when we decide we want to out you know when we decide we want to out you know when we decide we want to. Do something better and so do something better and so do something better and so from my point of view both cap 37 and. From my point of view both cap 37 and from my point of view both cap 37 and cap 38 are a little bit too linked with. Cap 38 are a little bit too linked with cap 38 are a little bit too linked with the. The the with the order bike i mean i've talked with the order bike i mean i've talked. With the order bike i mean i've talked to some of you privately to some of you privately. To some of you privately you know my ideal world it would just be you know my ideal world it would just be. You know my ideal world it would just be like completely separate set of like completely separate set of. Like completely separate set of operations and order book it would be operations and order book it would be. operations and order book it would be even a separate phase of like a even a separate phase of like a. Even a separate phase of like a transaction processing so transaction processing so. Transaction processing so i'm not seriously putting this on the i'm not seriously putting this on the. I'm not seriously putting this on the table table table except to point out the fact that. Except to point out the fact that except to point out the fact that there's two ways to reduce arbitrage. There's two ways to reduce arbitrage there's two ways to reduce arbitrage one is to make the arbitrage. One is to make the arbitrage one is to make the arbitrage expensive because there's a fee and. expensive because there's a fee and expensive because there's a fee and the other is to make it not risk free. The other is to make it not risk free the other is to make it not risk free right so if you know if you did have a. Right so if you know if you did have a right so if you know if you did have a separate kind of transaction to take. Separate kind of transaction to take separate kind of transaction to take advantage of the mm. Advantage of the mm advantage of the mm and you couldn't take advantage of the and you couldn't take advantage of the. And you couldn't take advantage of the order book in the same transaction order book in the same transaction. Order book in the same transaction then there would at least be some risk then there would at least be some risk. Then there would at least be some risk that like you would buy something and that like you would buy something and. That like you would buy something and not be able to offload it not be able to offload it. Not be able to offload it the way you thought you were going to the way you thought you were going to. the way you thought you were going to be able to offload it be able to offload it. Be able to offload it so well i think that you know sort of so well i think that you know sort of. So well i think that you know sort of where where we're headed is where where we're headed is. Where where we're headed is something that's like a bit more something that's like a bit more. Something that's like a bit more integrated with like integrated with like integrated with like . You know that works with legacy you know that works with legacy you know that works with legacy. Transactions transactions transactions you know if we really are concerned. You know if we really are concerned you know if we really are concerned about about. About arbitrage we should also consider arbitrage we should also consider arbitrage we should also consider. The ability just to make it not not the ability just to make it not not the ability just to make it not not. Risk-free to kind of risk-free to kind of risk-free to kind of not allow the things to happen in the in. Not allow the things to happen in the in not allow the things to happen in the in. The same transaction the same transaction the same transaction i think that that can you guys can people see me hear. That can you guys can people see me hear me me me okay yeah it was just a weird like. Okay yeah it was just a weird like okay yeah it was just a weird like silence silence. Silence yeah okay cool yeah okay cool yeah okay cool kind of like for me the extension of. Kind of like for me the extension of kind of like for me the extension of what david's saying and. What david's saying and what david's saying and you know i'm one of the people who was. You know i'm one of the people who was you know i'm one of the people who was talking that he said that he was talking. Talking that he said that he was talking talking that he said that he was talking. To to to about what he was saying but like about what he was saying but like . About what he was saying but like there are all these kinds of trade-offs there are all these kinds of trade-offs. There are all these kinds of trade-offs that we're making today you know that we're making today you know. That we're making today you know what's the simplest thing that we can what's the simplest thing that we can. What's the simplest thing that we can implement that you know people will implement that you know people will. Implement that you know people will readily adopt it's kind of the way readily adopt it's kind of the way. Readily adopt it's kind of the way that i've been looking at it and so that i've been looking at it and so. That i've been looking at it and so going like one step simpler as david was going like one step simpler as david was. Going like one step simpler as david was saying and you know introducing new saying and you know introducing new. Saying and you know introducing new operations that completely decouple it operations that completely decouple it. Operations that completely decouple it from the from the from the transactions even that happen at a. transactions even that happen at a transactions even that happen at a different phase for example. Different phase for example different phase for example yeah that would be even that would be. Yeah that would be even that would be yeah that would be even that would be even one step further. Even one step further even one step further this would be a real i think a even. this would be a real i think a even this would be a real i think a even bigger. Bigger bigger hindrance to adoption even than you know hindrance to adoption even than you know. Hindrance to adoption even than you know what judd was pointing about how what judd was pointing about how. What judd was pointing about how path payments aren't widely adopted path payments aren't widely adopted. path payments aren't widely adopted in the ecosystem in the ecosystem in the ecosystem. But i think the kind of bigger picture but i think the kind of bigger picture but i think the kind of bigger picture. On doing anything like that is no matter on doing anything like that is no matter. On doing anything like that is no matter when we were to like imagine we were to when we were to like imagine we were to. When we were to like imagine we were to do what david was posing or anything do what david was posing or anything. Do what david was posing or anything else else else considerably drastic like that that. Considerably drastic like that that considerably drastic like that that would be such a disruptive. Would be such a disruptive would be such a disruptive change that you know like what would be. Change that you know like what would be change that you know like what would be the difference if we were to make a. The difference if we were to make a the difference if we were to make a really disruptive change like that now. Really disruptive change like that now really disruptive change like that now or if we were to deploy something that. Or if we were to deploy something that or if we were to deploy something that we're ready to deploy now and make a. We're ready to deploy now and make a we're ready to deploy now and make a really disruptive change like that in. Really disruptive change like that in really disruptive change like that in six months or in a year or whatever. Six months or in a year or whatever six months or in a year or whatever having something working in the short. Having something working in the short having something working in the short run run. Run wouldn't really change my calculus at wouldn't really change my calculus at wouldn't really change my calculus at. Least least least on making further changes like that that on making further changes like that that. On making further changes like that that you know you know you know we'll have this new data we'll have all. We'll have this new data we'll have all we'll have this new data we'll have all this new information about what's good. This new information about what's good this new information about what's good what's not good. What's not good what's not good and then we can build a system that's and then we can build a system that's. And then we can build a system that's potentially better in various ways maybe potentially better in various ways maybe. Potentially better in various ways maybe ways that we don't even realize ways that we don't even realize. Ways that we don't even realize now and there's not really anything now and there's not really anything. Now and there's not really anything stopping us from making those changes stopping us from making those changes. Stopping us from making those changes later later later yeah and just in case it wasn't clear. Yeah and just in case it wasn't clear yeah and just in case it wasn't clear like i did end up being sort of. Like i did end up being sort of like i did end up being sort of persuaded persuaded. Persuaded by this argument by this argument by this argument so and again like i think that the. So and again like i think that the so and again like i think that the fact that cap 37 is the potential. Fact that cap 37 is the potential fact that cap 37 is the potential retrofit onto cap 38 again. Retrofit onto cap 38 again retrofit onto cap 38 again speaks to the ability of cap 38 to be. Speaks to the ability of cap 38 to be speaks to the ability of cap 38 to be like a reasonable first step that's not. Like a reasonable first step that's not like a reasonable first step that's not overly limiting what we're gonna do . Overly limiting what we're gonna do overly limiting what we're gonna do in the future as well so. I mean so it sounds like people are i mean so it sounds like people are generally saying okay cap 38. Generally saying okay cap 38 generally saying okay cap 38 is a reasonable first step forward it's. Is a reasonable first step forward it's is a reasonable first step forward it's simpler. Simpler simpler it could we could add cap37 to it later it could we could add cap37 to it later. It could we could add cap37 to it later we could we could we could explore possibilities to sort of. Explore possibilities to sort of explore possibilities to sort of deal with arbitrage in various different. Deal with arbitrage in various different deal with arbitrage in various different. Ways but it feels like a reasonable ways but it feels like a reasonable ways but it feels like a reasonable. First step forward so that we can first step forward so that we can first step forward so that we can. Implement it and get moving offering and implement it and get moving offering and. Implement it and get moving offering and then start to gather information then start to gather information. Then start to gather information and do it in like a sort of first step and do it in like a sort of first step. And do it in like a sort of first step way way way that can lead to other things and i mean. That can lead to other things and i mean that can lead to other things and i mean. It feels like that's what everyone's it feels like that's what everyone's it feels like that's what everyone's. Saying start simple saying start simple saying start simple implement something now see what happens. Implement something now see what happens implement something now see what happens. Know that we can know that we can know that we can retrofit things to it later and i. Retrofit things to it later and i retrofit things to it later and i guess my question is. Guess my question is guess my question is does anyone have a problem with that does anyone have a problem with that. Does anyone have a problem with that approach or does that approach just approach or does that approach just. Approach or does that approach just generally generally generally make sense because i guess then i i just wonder if. Because i guess then i i just wonder if we are at the point where it is time to we are at the point where it is time to. We are at the point where it is time to start to start to start to basically move cap 38 forward. Basically move cap 38 forward basically move cap 38 forward in the process and what that would. In the process and what that would in the process and what that would look like. Look like look like again just to like sort of remind people again just to like sort of remind people. Again just to like sort of remind people of the process is that of the process is that. Of the process is that right now cap 38 is a draft there is a right now cap 38 is a draft there is a. Right now cap 38 is a draft there is a cap committee all of whom cap committee all of whom. Cap committee all of whom are on this call who could vote to are on this call who could vote to. Are on this call who could vote to approve that draft and if it was approve that draft and if it was. Approve that draft and if it was approved approved approved we'd move it into final comment period. We'd move it into final comment period we'd move it into final comment period people out there anyone would still have. People out there anyone would still have people out there anyone would still have. An opportunity to an opportunity to an opportunity to comment on it during for one week on the. Comment on it during for one week on the comment on it during for one week on the. Stellar dev mailing list stellar dev mailing list stellar dev mailing list and depending on what happens in that. And depending on what happens in that and depending on what happens in that week you know we can move it into. Week you know we can move it into week you know we can move it into accepted and then start to talk about we. Accepted and then start to talk about we accepted and then start to talk about we. Start to work on an implementation with start to work on an implementation with start to work on an implementation with. An eye towards including it in the next an eye towards including it in the next an eye towards including it in the next. Protocol release i mean protocol release i mean protocol release i mean i guess i i feel like we're at the time. I guess i i feel like we're at the time i guess i i feel like we're at the time when it may be time to. When it may be time to when it may be time to just sort of vote on whether or not to. Just sort of vote on whether or not to just sort of vote on whether or not to accept cap 38. Accept cap 38 accept cap 38 does anyone object the idea of doing does anyone object the idea of doing. does anyone object the idea of doing that is there any blocker one question i had about cap 38 as if. One question i had about cap 38 as if things do turn out to be bad things do turn out to be bad. Things do turn out to be bad how do we decide in a principled way how do we decide in a principled way. How do we decide in a principled way this is time to pull the plug or pause this is time to pull the plug or pause. This is time to pull the plug or pause the amm the amm the amm or something like that i know we have a. Or something like that i know we have a or something like that i know we have a mechanism in the cat to. Mechanism in the cat to mechanism in the cat to turn it off but what would be the. Turn it off but what would be the turn it off but what would be the trigger for that. I guess bad in what context here i guess bad in what context here bad as in like we misjudged. bad as in like we misjudged bad as in like we misjudged you know the arbitrage or something like. You know the arbitrage or something like you know the arbitrage or something like. That or bed in the context of like that or bed in the context of like that or bed in the context of like. Oh there's a bug because this is oh there's a bug because this is oh there's a bug because this is. Complicated complicated complicated yeah that's kind of what i'm getting at yeah that's kind of what i'm getting at. Yeah that's kind of what i'm getting at like maybe there's a bug that's like like maybe there's a bug that's like. Like maybe there's a bug that's like one extreme of bad and then there's sort one extreme of bad and then there's sort. One extreme of bad and then there's sort of this in-between bird where we have a of this in-between bird where we have a. Of this in-between bird where we have a lot of arbitrage and horizon is lot of arbitrage and horizon is. Lot of arbitrage and horizon is struggling to read all these failed struggling to read all these failed. Struggling to read all these failed transactions but it's sort of okay but transactions but it's sort of okay but. Transactions but it's sort of okay but maybe we should turn it off because it maybe we should turn it off because it. Maybe we should turn it off because it would be better we'll be would be better we'll be. Would be better we'll be there's a possibility of a grey area there's a possibility of a grey area. There's a possibility of a grey area where we'd have to think about that where we'd have to think about that. Where we'd have to think about that do we normally think about that now or do we normally think about that now or. Do we normally think about that now or do we want to think about it do we want to think about it. Do we want to think about it then i think we have the tools for that then i think we have the tools for that. Then i think we have the tools for that i think like the i think like the i think like the. Talking about the gray this grave thing talking about the gray this grave thing talking about the gray this grave thing. Is kind of funny because is kind of funny because is kind of funny because it's also the the more it's unclear if. It's also the the more it's unclear if it's also the the more it's unclear if it's. It's it's bad the harder it's going to get people bad the harder it's going to get people. Bad the harder it's going to get people to vote to vote to vote for the change right. For the change right for the change right so yeah i think it was so yeah i think it was. So yeah i think it was it would have to be you know more only it would have to be you know more only. It would have to be you know more only extreme like you know there's like this extreme like you know there's like this. Extreme like you know there's like this security issue or whatever all right security issue or whatever all right. Security issue or whatever all right that that basically nobody's going to that that basically nobody's going to. That that basically nobody's going to disagree with voting for for a change to. Disagree with voting for for a change to disagree with voting for for a change to. Fix it like fix it like fix it like fixing it short term maybe turn it off fixing it short term maybe turn it off. Fixing it short term maybe turn it off and then of course it would be like turn and then of course it would be like turn. And then of course it would be like turn around and around and around and you know a new protocol it is. You know a new protocol it is you know a new protocol it is it's just to be clear right if if this. It's just to be clear right if if this it's just to be clear right if if this situation unfold like. Situation unfold like situation unfold like basically if validators agree to the basically if validators agree to the. Basically if validators agree to the protocol change that includes this protocol change that includes this. Protocol change that includes this cat 38 and then later it turns out that cat 38 and then later it turns out that. Cat 38 and then later it turns out that something is wrong then a step to sort something is wrong then a step to sort. Something is wrong then a step to sort of undo that of undo that of undo that or turn it off that would be up to the. Or turn it off that would be up to the or turn it off that would be up to the network as well the validators would. Network as well the validators would network as well the validators would also have to vote to accept whatever the. Also have to vote to accept whatever the also have to vote to accept whatever the. Solution was solution was solution was that's correct right yeah and that's why that's correct right yeah and that's why. That's correct right yeah and that's why like it's the like it's the like it's the. The less it's a hot you know it's a home the less it's a hot you know it's a home. The less it's a hot you know it's a home run that it's something run that it's something. Run that it's something you know good or bad like the harder you know good or bad like the harder. You know good or bad like the harder it's going to get it's going to get it's going to get. Be to get actual adoption be to get actual adoption be to get actual adoption i think the the only chance of you know. I think the the only chance of you know i think the the only chance of you know pulling the plug hitting the button. Pulling the plug hitting the button pulling the plug hitting the button whatever you want to call it. Whatever you want to call it whatever you want to call it you know getting that level of. you know getting that level of you know getting that level of unanimity unanimity. Unanimity as nikola was saying would be would as nikola was saying would be would. As nikola was saying would be would be in the event that like you know there be in the event that like you know there. Be in the event that like you know there was an obvious way that people were was an obvious way that people were. Was an obvious way that people were going to lose money going to lose money going to lose money. You know if we were in that kind of a you know if we were in that kind of a you know if we were in that kind of a. Situation i think that it would not be situation i think that it would not be situation i think that it would not be. Hard to convince hard to convince hard to convince validators like okay let's let's not. Validators like okay let's let's not validators like okay let's let's not let that happen. Let that happen let that happen i think short of that person i have a hard time imagining that. Person i have a hard time imagining that people would vote you know people would vote you know. People would vote you know to to turn it off and it'd be more to to turn it off and it'd be more. To to turn it off and it'd be more likely that we'd be in a situation where likely that we'd be in a situation where. Likely that we'd be in a situation where we're under some pressure to we're under some pressure to. We're under some pressure to make some improvement and release a new make some improvement and release a new. Make some improvement and release a new version of the protocol version of the protocol. Version of the protocol in a shorter time maybe than otherwise it's also worth mentioning that we got. It's also worth mentioning that we got the communication channels established the communication channels established. The communication channels established with the validators with the validators with the validators. And you know time and time again the and you know time and time again the and you know time and time again the. Validators have proven this out validators have proven this out validators have proven this out. Themselves themselves themselves you know super responsive and you know super responsive and. you know super responsive and responsible so responsible so responsible so you know if something bad does happen. you know if something bad does happen you know if something bad does happen. I believe we can get i believe we can get i believe we can get that effort together pretty fast to make. That effort together pretty fast to make that effort together pretty fast to make. A change so given all that it seems like we're so given all that it seems like we're. Landing in a position where we say okay landing in a position where we say okay landing in a position where we say okay. If something does go wrong if something does go wrong if something does go wrong if it's something is clearly wrong then. If it's something is clearly wrong then if it's something is clearly wrong then we can work with the network and we. We can work with the network and we we can work with the network and we believe that. Believe that believe that the network is full of reasonable the network is full of reasonable. The network is full of reasonable responsive validators responsive validators responsive validators. Who can help correct who can help sort who can help correct who can help sort who can help correct who can help sort. Of get things back on the rails of get things back on the rails of get things back on the rails. Not that we're anticipating that to not that we're anticipating that to not that we're anticipating that to. Happen but just like we're really happen but just like we're really happen but just like we're really. Getting into like the worst case getting into like the worst case getting into like the worst case. Unhappy path scenario here yeah i unhappy path scenario here yeah i unhappy path scenario here yeah i. Know it's all about setting low know it's all about setting low know it's all about setting low. Expectations that expectations that expectations that we're always happy of the outcome no. We're always happy of the outcome no we're always happy of the outcome no but i think eric's concern is. But i think eric's concern is but i think eric's concern is is actually the same than you know. Is actually the same than you know is actually the same than you know what people raise right with you know if. What people raise right with you know if what people raise right with you know if. You have a lot of arbitrage maybe fees you have a lot of arbitrage maybe fees you have a lot of arbitrage maybe fees. Go up go up go up like more than they should it's annoying like more than they should it's annoying. Like more than they should it's annoying i think it's yeah it's a nuisance and in. I think it's yeah it's a nuisance and in i think it's yeah it's a nuisance and in. That case i think we'd have to that case i think we'd have to that case i think we'd have to. probably like figure out probably like figure out probably like figure out. You know in a more accelerated way like you know in a more accelerated way like you know in a more accelerated way like. Mitigations for mitigations for mitigations for arbitrage yeah i think that's kind of. Arbitrage yeah i think that's kind of arbitrage yeah i think that's kind of yeah exactly. Yeah exactly yeah exactly there's two concerns right one is fees there's two concerns right one is fees. There's two concerns right one is fees going up and the other one is that going up and the other one is that. Going up and the other one is that number of fair transactions spikes in a number of fair transactions spikes in a. Number of fair transactions spikes in a way that is very way that is very way that is very. Large and starts to cause us performance large and starts to cause us performance. Large and starts to cause us performance issues and so from my perspective the issues and so from my perspective the. Issues and so from my perspective the risk is risk is risk is the second one and i want to get ahead. The second one and i want to get ahead the second one and i want to get ahead of that so i think my takeaway from this. Of that so i think my takeaway from this of that so i think my takeaway from this. Is i should is i should is i should accelerate plans to deal with that accelerate plans to deal with that. Accelerate plans to deal with that possibility now possibility now possibility now. But there is a there is some risk that but there is a there is some risk that but there is a there is some risk that. This will happen in real time right this will happen in real time right this will happen in real time right. But we have a few months and we're but we have a few months and we're but we have a few months and we're. Working on this already as you say and and the thing is that you were and and the thing is that you were. Already processing already processing already processing today like the steady state non-failed. Today like the steady state non-failed today like the steady state non-failed transactions. Transactions transactions is over 100 transactions per second is over 100 transactions per second. Is over 100 transactions per second so you know it's already substantial yeah i mean as the baseline of. Yeah i mean as the baseline of successful transactions goes up successful transactions goes up. Successful transactions goes up that increases everything for horizon as that increases everything for horizon as. That increases everything for horizon as we discussed nico but we discussed nico but. We discussed nico but the number of failed transactions is the number of failed transactions is. The number of failed transactions is potentially unbounded right potentially unbounded right. Potentially unbounded right in a ledger no it's not it's bounded by in a ledger no it's not it's bounded by. In a ledger no it's not it's bounded by you know you know you know the whatever setting we have right now. The whatever setting we have right now the whatever setting we have right now it's a thousand. It's a thousand it's a thousand their pleasure yeah they count as part their pleasure yeah they count as part. Their pleasure yeah they count as part of the legend limit yeah so people would have to vote to. Yeah so people would have to vote to increase that which you know they could increase that which you know they could. Increase that which you know they could do today anyways also let's not forget do today anyways also let's not forget. Do today anyways also let's not forget that there's that there's that there's there's an optimistic scenario here. There's an optimistic scenario here there's an optimistic scenario here which is that there's a lot of arbitrage. Which is that there's a lot of arbitrage which is that there's a lot of arbitrage. But the amm works really well so the but the amm works really well so the but the amm works really well so the. Actual solution is we deprecate the actual solution is we deprecate the actual solution is we deprecate the. Order book and we just kind of order book and we just kind of order book and we just kind of. Convince the ecosystem that it's better convince the ecosystem that it's better convince the ecosystem that it's better. Not to to place not to to place not to to place offers in the order book an even happier path perhaps people. An even happier path perhaps people don't need to be convinced because they don't need to be convinced because they. Don't need to be convinced because they like the the imm so much and they like the the imm so much and they. Like the the imm so much and they yeah exactly yeah exactly yeah exactly right so so one clear thing right we we. Right so so one clear thing right we we right so so one clear thing right we we know that this proposal would create. Know that this proposal would create know that this proposal would create amms alongside the order books but. Amms alongside the order books but amms alongside the order books but we don't know what that's going to do to. We don't know what that's going to do to we don't know what that's going to do to. The order books right we just we don't the order books right we just we don't the order books right we just we don't. Know yet know yet know yet yeah yeah yeah john yeah yeah yeah john yeah yeah yeah john . I think this is one of those like i think this is one of those like i think this is one of those like. Dynamic analysis type of things it's dynamic analysis type of things it's dynamic analysis type of things it's . It's very very hard to predict i mean it's very very hard to predict i mean it's very very hard to predict i mean. We're all considering this kind of like we're all considering this kind of like we're all considering this kind of like. I mean like we're engineers we build i mean like we're engineers we build i mean like we're engineers we build. Stuff and so we like to consider bad stuff and so we like to consider bad stuff and so we like to consider bad. Cases and make sure that we're not going cases and make sure that we're not going. Cases and make sure that we're not going to end up to end up to end up in really bad cases as a consequence but. In really bad cases as a consequence but in really bad cases as a consequence but. Like like like one of the things that we're like one of the things that we're like. One of the things that we're like perhaps this does increase the amount of perhaps this does increase the amount of. Perhaps this does increase the amount of arbitrage i suspect it will at least a arbitrage i suspect it will at least a. Arbitrage i suspect it will at least a bit bit bit i think it'd be hard to convince. i think it'd be hard to convince i think it'd be hard to convince someone that that wouldn't be a. Someone that that wouldn't be a someone that that wouldn't be a consequence of what we're doing. Consequence of what we're doing consequence of what we're doing but like if it were to simultaneously. But like if it were to simultaneously but like if it were to simultaneously. Reduce the amount of reduce the amount of reduce the amount of market making on the order book because. Market making on the order book because market making on the order book because people are just. People are just people are just you know populating amms instead you know populating amms instead. You know populating amms instead it's it's hard to know which of those it's it's hard to know which of those. It's it's hard to know which of those two effects will be bigger two effects will be bigger. Two effects will be bigger like it wouldn't be that weird to me like it wouldn't be that weird to me. like it wouldn't be that weird to me it wouldn't be weird to me at all it wouldn't be weird to me at all. It wouldn't be weird to me at all actually if the total amount of traffic actually if the total amount of traffic. Actually if the total amount of traffic on the network actually went down as a on the network actually went down as a. On the network actually went down as a consequence of this consequence of this consequence of this. Like averages lower spikes or higher is like averages lower spikes or higher is like averages lower spikes or higher is. Like a totally plausible like a totally plausible like a totally plausible outcome. Great i mean it feels like eric did that great i mean it feels like eric did that. Sort of address your concerns do you sort of address your concerns do you sort of address your concerns do you. Have more questions have more questions have more questions the address is my concern i have one. The address is my concern i have one the address is my concern i have one other question . Other question other question following the doomsday trend of all following the doomsday trend of all. Following the doomsday trend of all engineers engineers engineers what happens if this is wildly. What happens if this is wildly what happens if this is wildly successful and everybody wants to join. Successful and everybody wants to join successful and everybody wants to join stella and join the amm and. Stella and join the amm and stella and join the amm and deposit pull shares and retrieve pool. Deposit pull shares and retrieve pool deposit pull shares and retrieve pool shares and everything else. Shares and everything else shares and everything else have we thought about that i mean it. Have we thought about that i mean it have we thought about that i mean it works for unison. I mean we've got a lot of room to run i mean we've got a lot of room to run here you know between. Here you know between here you know between us and let's say ethereum but so but i. Us and let's say ethereum but so but i us and let's say ethereum but so but i think that that would just be the. Think that that would just be the think that that would just be the outcomes outcomes. Outcomes please go up right yeah please go up right yeah please go up right yeah all right right well or the ledger. All right right well or the ledger all right right well or the ledger limits could go up too right there's. Limits could go up too right there's limits could go up too right there's still there's still headroom. Still there's still headroom still there's still headroom that validators have to increase the. That validators have to increase the that validators have to increase the capacity of ledgers too. And we'd all be really happy because and we'd all be really happy because this idea would have gained traction and. This idea would have gained traction and this idea would have gained traction and. Everyone would love it everyone would love it everyone would love it i mean i mean if amms are super popular. I mean i mean if amms are super popular i mean i mean if amms are super popular i mean they require way less. I mean they require way less i mean they require way less transactions i think most of the. Transactions i think most of the transactions i think most of the transactions on the network now are. Transactions on the network now are transactions on the network now are people adjusting their orders on the. People adjusting their orders on the people adjusting their orders on the order book so that kind of all goes away. Order book so that kind of all goes away order book so that kind of all goes away. so we have even more room if so we have even more room if so we have even more room if. In a m world so any other questions thoughts doomsday any other questions thoughts doomsday. Scenarios that we want to play out scenarios that we want to play out scenarios that we want to play out. Are we ready for a vote i feel like we're ready for a vote and i i feel like we're ready for a vote and i. Kind of just want to do it now live on kind of just want to do it now live on kind of just want to do it now live on. This call but this call but this call but before i do that i'll just get like real. Before i do that i'll just get like real before i do that i'll just get like real. Procedural and say does anyone like procedural and say does anyone like procedural and say does anyone like. Object to actually doing a sort of live object to actually doing a sort of live object to actually doing a sort of live. Vote and what time to think about this vote and what time to think about this vote and what time to think about this. In which case we can conduct the vote in which case we can conduct the vote in which case we can conduct the vote. Asynchronously over email asynchronously over email asynchronously over email yeah cool okay so then i think we should. Yeah cool okay so then i think we should yeah cool okay so then i think we should. Have a vote here to move have a vote here to move have a vote here to move cap 38 into final. Cap 38 into final cap 38 into final comment period pending acceptance comment period pending acceptance . Comment period pending acceptance again at the end of again at the end of again at the end of. There'll be a week for people to sort of there'll be a week for people to sort of. There'll be a week for people to sort of raise questions on the stellar dev raise questions on the stellar dev. raise questions on the stellar dev mailing list and we'll mailing list and we'll. Mailing list and we'll post this this new status change there post this this new status change there. Post this this new status change there and at the end of that week you know. And at the end of that week you know and at the end of that week you know well we'll see what kind of comes in. Well we'll see what kind of comes in well we'll see what kind of comes in depending on what happens at the end of. Depending on what happens at the end of depending on what happens at the end of that week we may move this into accepted. That week we may move this into accepted that week we may move this into accepted. and so you know based on and so you know based on and so you know based on. Also if anyone ever wants to check out also if anyone ever wants to check out also if anyone ever wants to check out. This whole procedure you can look this whole procedure you can look this whole procedure you can look. In the github cap repository and it lays in the github cap repository and it lays. In the github cap repository and it lays out exactly the life cycle of the cap out exactly the life cycle of the cap. Out exactly the life cycle of the cap and you'll see that there are three and you'll see that there are three. And you'll see that there are three voters and voters and voters and it requires unanimous consent from all. It requires unanimous consent from all it requires unanimous consent from all of them to move the cap into accepted. Of them to move the cap into accepted of them to move the cap into accepted and so i will it is jed . And so i will it is jed and so i will it is jed david and nicolas so let's start with. David and nicolas so let's start with david and nicolas so let's start with jed jed. Jed jen what's your vote yes yes to jen what's your vote yes yes to jen what's your vote yes yes to. Accept accept accept okay yeah david what's your vote yeah okay yeah david what's your vote yeah. Okay yeah david what's your vote yeah i'd like to accept chapter 38 i'd like to accept chapter 38. I'd like to accept chapter 38 great nikolai what's your vote no great nikolai what's your vote no. Great nikolai what's your vote no surprise you know i'm kind of surprise you know i'm kind of. Surprise you know i'm kind of yes yes okay cool so yes yes okay cool so yes yes okay cool so. We have three yeses and that means that we have three yeses and that means that we have three yeses and that means that. Cap 38 moves into cap 38 moves into cap 38 moves into final comment period pending acceptance. Final comment period pending acceptance final comment period pending acceptance . i think that's it any other final i think that's it any other final i think that's it any other final. Comments thoughts comments thoughts comments thoughts questions that anyone has well does the. Questions that anyone has well does the questions that anyone has well does the group want to provide. Group want to provide group want to provide some direction on cap 37 some direction on cap 37. some direction on cap 37 like should cap37 now be adjusted to like should cap37 now be adjusted to. Like should cap37 now be adjusted to be layered on top of cap 38 yeah yeah i think that makes sense i. Yeah yeah i think that makes sense i mean i i think mean i i think mean i i think . I'm not saying that we would implement i'm not saying that we would implement i'm not saying that we would implement. This stuff immediately i think part of this stuff immediately i think part of this stuff immediately i think part of. It is that we want to see what the it is that we want to see what the it is that we want to see what the. What how things play out like maybe what how things play out like maybe what how things play out like maybe. Everyone moves to a m and we don't need everyone moves to a m and we don't need everyone moves to a m and we don't need. To interleave these things and we can to interleave these things and we can to interleave these things and we can. Just skip that complexity but likely just skip that complexity but likely just skip that complexity but likely. People communities both so it would be people communities both so it would be people communities both so it would be. Good to have cat 37 good to have cat 37 good to have cat 37 be there in case we want to go down that. Be there in case we want to go down that be there in case we want to go down that. Road so road so road so that would be my take so technically that would be my take so technically. That would be my take so technically that means that means that means or procedurally that means cap 37 stays. Or procedurally that means cap 37 stays or procedurally that means cap 37 stays in draft mode. In draft mode in draft mode and may be revisited in order to like and may be revisited in order to like. And may be revisited in order to like sort of graft it on to cap 38 in the sort of graft it on to cap 38 in the. Sort of graft it on to cap 38 in the future future future yeah i think there are some changes to. Yeah i think there are some changes to yeah i think there are some changes to cap 37 that would be worth making. Cap 37 that would be worth making cap 37 that would be worth making because not all of the. Because not all of the because not all of the concerns in the in the cap concerns in the in the cap. concerns in the in the cap make sense in light of how cat 38 is make sense in light of how cat 38 is. Make sense in light of how cat 38 is actually implemented actually implemented actually implemented. So there's some things that are written so there's some things that are written so there's some things that are written. Up there as well up there as well up there as well right it would require revision ideally. Right it would require revision ideally right it would require revision ideally some things get. Some things get some things get easier because like the authorization easier because like the authorization. Easier because like the authorization logic or whatever can be just logic or whatever can be just. Logic or whatever can be just you know can pick you back on on cap you know can pick you back on on cap. you know can pick you back on on cap 38 38 38 and then some things and then some things . and then some things need to be rethought there's also feedback there's a few. There's also feedback there's a few things like for example cap things like for example cap. Things like for example cap i think to get closer to adoption cap 37 i think to get closer to adoption cap 37. I think to get closer to adoption cap 37 should not use floating point because we. Should not use floating point because we should not use floating point because we. Like try to avoid floating point because like try to avoid floating point because. Like try to avoid floating point because it's like the arithmetic's not it's like the arithmetic's not. It's like the arithmetic's not associated which is kind of annoying associated which is kind of annoying. Associated which is kind of annoying again that easy fix but just like again that easy fix but just like . Again that easy fix but just like basically i would encourage cap 37 basically i would encourage cap 37. Basically i would encourage cap 37 the you know revision to continue and the you know revision to continue and. the you know revision to continue and and and and to try to coexist to try to to try to coexist to try to. To try to coexist to try to have a deployment path or a theoretical have a deployment path or a theoretical. Have a deployment path or a theoretical one of how this would work now that one of how this would work now that. One of how this would work now that we're trying to move ahead with cap 38. We're trying to move ahead with cap 38. We're trying to move ahead with cap 38. Great sounds like a plan anything else okay well thanks everyone for coming okay well thanks everyone for coming. Thanks for participating thanks everyone thanks for participating thanks everyone. Thanks for participating thanks everyone who's watching again we encourage you. Who's watching again we encourage you who's watching again we encourage you. To participate as much as you want in to participate as much as you want in to participate as much as you want in. Any of these discussions about the any of these discussions about the any of these discussions about the. Future of the stellar protocol future of the stellar protocol future of the stellar protocol. There are links to these particular caps there are links to these particular caps. There are links to these particular caps in the event description so you can go in the event description so you can go. In the event description so you can go read them to actually see what it is read them to actually see what it is. Read them to actually see what it is that we're talking about that we're talking about. That we're talking about and there's also a link to the stellar and there's also a link to the stellar. And there's also a link to the stellar depth mailing list which is where we do depth mailing list which is where we do. Depth mailing list which is where we do things like notify people about the things like notify people about the. Things like notify people about the changes of status of caps changes of status of caps. Changes of status of caps and it's also where all this and it's also where all this. and it's also where all this discussion before this meeting happens discussion before this meeting happens. Discussion before this meeting happens about the caps so again it's open about the caps so again it's open. About the caps so again it's open participation we'd love to hear your participation we'd love to hear your. Participation we'd love to hear your thoughts thoughts thoughts and we will now move cap 38 into. Final comment period pending approval final comment period pending approval all right. All right all right and that's it thanks everybody.
