Great. Uh, hi everyone. Uh, sorry, Great. Uh, hi everyone. Uh, sorry, Carson, I said you would start up. Uh,. Carson, I said you would start up. Uh, Carson, I said you would start up. Uh, first, can you hear me? Well, please let. First, can you hear me? Well, please let first, can you hear me? Well, please let. Me know. Uh, write in chat. Me know. Uh, write in chat. Me know. Uh, write in chat. Um, all right. Great. Um, okay, cool. So, all right. Great. Um, okay, cool. So, hello everyone. Uh, today I'm going to. Hello everyone. Uh, today I'm going to hello everyone. Uh, today I'm going to present a few caps. uh as many as uh. Present a few caps. uh as many as uh present a few caps. uh as many as uh time permits. Time permits time permits and um I have three total and uh all of and um I have three total and uh all of. And um I have three total and uh all of them were kind of spawned from Le's them were kind of spawned from Le's. Them were kind of spawned from Le's proposal proposal proposal uh that was linked to one of the caps. Uh that was linked to one of the caps uh that was linked to one of the caps and the idea behind the proposal was uh. And the idea behind the proposal was uh and the idea behind the proposal was uh about extending. About extending about extending uh our capabilities for the classic star uh our capabilities for the classic star. Uh our capabilities for the classic star account or G accounts account or G accounts. Account or G accounts and Uh the idea behind it was to and Uh the idea behind it was to. And Uh the idea behind it was to add a capability for IG account to have add a capability for IG account to have. Add a capability for IG account to have a set of contract signers. So one a set of contract signers. So one. A set of contract signers. So one contract signer and if you have a contract signer and if you have a. Contract signer and if you have a contract signer you can really have contract signer you can really have. Contract signer you can really have arbitrary authentication logic with arbitrary authentication logic with. Arbitrary authentication logic with arbitrary policies and stuff like that. Arbitrary policies and stuff like that. Arbitrary policies and stuff like that. Uh but in addition to that you could uh uh but in addition to that you could uh uh but in addition to that you could uh. Also you could also add a capability to also you could also add a capability to also you could also add a capability to. Manage trust veins for example from manage trust veins for example from manage trust veins for example from. Soraban soraban soraban which uh closes even more feature gaps which uh closes even more feature gaps. Which uh closes even more feature gaps because uh this proposal as it is um it because uh this proposal as it is um it. Because uh this proposal as it is um it won't be possible to use this C won't be possible to use this C. Won't be possible to use this C standards outside of Soraban because standards outside of Soraban because. Standards outside of Soraban because um we currently do not provide a way to um we currently do not provide a way to. Um we currently do not provide a way to run contracts outside of the transaction run contracts outside of the transaction. Run contracts outside of the transaction apply for apply for apply for um with that like uh. Jay is not hearing me. Uh I don't know Jay is not hearing me. Uh I don't know Jay seems like people still hear me. Um. Jay seems like people still hear me. Um Jay seems like people still hear me. Um so uh that that's kind of high level. So uh that that's kind of high level so uh that that's kind of high level motivation uh behind that. Uh but I'd. Motivation uh behind that. Uh but I'd motivation uh behind that. Uh but I'd like to actually start with um cap 71 uh. Like to actually start with um cap 71 uh like to actually start with um cap 71 uh. Which is something I figured while which is something I figured while which is something I figured while. Thinking about how this whole GI account thinking about how this whole GI account. Thinking about how this whole GI account customization thing could be implemented. Customization thing could be implemented customization thing could be implemented. And this cap is about adding protocol and this cap is about adding protocol and this cap is about adding protocol. Level support for delegating level support for delegating level support for delegating. Authentication between custom accounts. Authentication between custom accounts. Authentication between custom accounts. Um Um Um Yeah, thanks Marius. It's actually not a Yeah, thanks Marius. It's actually not a. Yeah, thanks Marius. It's actually not a new mic. It's just Discord settings. Uh new mic. It's just Discord settings. Uh. New mic. It's just Discord settings. Uh which is funny. So Cap 71 um and which is funny. So Cap 71 um and. Which is funny. So Cap 71 um and motivation for that uh stems from motivation for that uh stems from. Motivation for that uh stems from several different issues. Several different issues. Several different issues. Uh and um basically currently what is Uh and um basically currently what is Uh and um basically currently what is. Possible to do in Soroban what some of possible to do in Soroban what some of possible to do in Soroban what some of. You may know uh there is this require O you may know uh there is this require O you may know uh there is this require O. Function that requires authentication uh function that requires authentication uh. Function that requires authentication uh authorization from an address and this authorization from an address and this. Authorization from an address and this function can actually be called from function can actually be called from. Function can actually be called from within a custom account check O function within a custom account check O function. Within a custom account check O function that performs as well. So this is kind that performs as well. So this is kind. That performs as well. So this is kind of the current way of delegating not. So of the current way of delegating not. So. Of the current way of delegating not. So you have an account but instead of you have an account but instead of. You have an account but instead of verifying some signature you say uh I verifying some signature you say uh I. Verifying some signature you say uh I try this other contract to perform try this other contract to perform. Try this other contract to perform verification for me and this has some verification for me and this has some. Verification for me and this has some benefits for modular uh custom accounts benefits for modular uh custom accounts. Benefits for modular uh custom accounts and it is like a cornerstone of this and it is like a cornerstone of this. And it is like a cornerstone of this proposal for G accounts to have C proposal for G accounts to have C. Proposal for G accounts to have C signers because uh it's effectively the signers because uh it's effectively the. Signers because uh it's effectively the same kind of delegation right so instead same kind of delegation right so instead. Same kind of delegation right so instead of having a cryptographic signature for of having a cryptographic signature for. Of having a cryptographic signature for a G account we say you don't actually a G account we say you don't actually. A G account we say you don't actually know what the signature is we let a know what the signature is we let a. Know what the signature is we let a contract to perform contract to perform contract to perform. Verification instead on its custom verification instead on its custom verification instead on its custom. Signature format. Signature format. Signature format. But uh this mechanism while it kind of But uh this mechanism while it kind of But uh this mechanism while it kind of. Works uh it was not like built as a works uh it was not like built as a works uh it was not like built as a. Full-fledged feature in the protocol. Full-fledged feature in the protocol. Full-fledged feature in the protocol. It's just a byproduct of the design. It's just a byproduct of the design. It's just a byproduct of the design. Design allows it. That's not visible out Design allows it. That's not visible out. Design allows it. That's not visible out because there's no reason to dissolve because there's no reason to dissolve. Because there's no reason to dissolve but just kind of inconvenient to use and but just kind of inconvenient to use and. But just kind of inconvenient to use and also not optimal to use. The also not optimal to use. The. Also not optimal to use. The inconvenience factor lies mostly in inconvenience factor lies mostly in. Inconvenience factor lies mostly in simulation. Uh so if anyone has tried simulation. Uh so if anyone has tried. Simulation. Uh so if anyone has tried it, they would quickly learn that you it, they would quickly learn that you. It, they would quickly learn that you cannot simply simulate this. Um cannot simply simulate this. Um. Cannot simply simulate this. Um currently you need to build uh currently you need to build uh. Currently you need to build uh for for the delegated contract call you for for the delegated contract call you. For for the delegated contract call you need to build its own signature payload. Need to build its own signature payload. Need to build its own signature payload. Um which is kind of tricky and uh this um which is kind of tricky and uh this um which is kind of tricky and uh this. Could in theory be fixed the simulation could in theory be fixed the simulation could in theory be fixed the simulation. Where although it might be a bit where although it might be a bit where although it might be a bit. Complicated as well. Complicated as well. Complicated as well. Um Um Um but yeah it would still be kind of but yeah it would still be kind of but yeah it would still be kind of. Annoying because you would need to uh do annoying because you would need to uh do. Annoying because you would need to uh do several simulations and all kind of several simulations and all kind of. Several simulations and all kind of propagating more and more authentication propagating more and more authentication. Propagating more and more authentication information into the system. Um and uh information into the system. Um and uh. Information into the system. Um and uh yeah, I think it is still kind of yeah, I think it is still kind of. Yeah, I think it is still kind of annoying. But in terms of uh optimality annoying. But in terms of uh optimality. Annoying. But in terms of uh optimality as well as well as well um there is quite a bit of duplication. Um there is quite a bit of duplication um there is quite a bit of duplication here. Here here because like you spawn new authorization because like you spawn new authorization. Because like you spawn new authorization entries like uh for example if you have entries like uh for example if you have. Entries like uh for example if you have two accounts and one delegates uh two accounts and one delegates uh. Two accounts and one delegates uh authentication to another one then you authentication to another one then you. Authentication to another one then you would end up with two uh authorization would end up with two uh authorization. Would end up with two uh authorization entries in transaction that increases entries in transaction that increases. Entries in transaction that increases transaction size transaction size transaction size. Um and increases complexity for building um and increases complexity for building. Um and increases complexity for building it and the tipping point for me for why it and the tipping point for me for why. It and the tipping point for me for why I came up with cap is the context like I came up with cap is the context like. I came up with cap is the context like the some of the proposals that I've seen the some of the proposals that I've seen. The some of the proposals that I've seen for the delegation for custom accounts for the delegation for custom accounts. For the delegation for custom accounts maybe do not use context much but if we maybe do not use context much but if we. Maybe do not use context much but if we were to do this for the G accounts we do were to do this for the G accounts we do. Were to do this for the G accounts we do not want to lose the authorization not want to lose the authorization. Not want to lose the authorization context which is basically the list of context which is basically the list of. Context which is basically the list of the the the contract codes that have been authorized. Contract codes that have been authorized contract codes that have been authorized. And the issue with the approach of And the issue with the approach of And the issue with the approach of. Calling require O from within check O is calling require O from within check O is. Calling require O from within check O is that um you could pass context to the that um you could pass context to the. That um you could pass context to the require O call but it would not look the require O call but it would not look the. Require O call but it would not look the same as the normal context that you same as the normal context that you. Same as the normal context that you would have during normal authorization would have during normal authorization. Would have during normal authorization which means that for example let's say which means that for example let's say. Which means that for example let's say you have a an account implementation you have a an account implementation. You have a an account implementation that does something about the context that does something about the context. That does something about the context um you cannot simply use it as a um you cannot simply use it as a. Um you cannot simply use it as a delegated banner of a G account for delegated banner of a G account for. Delegated banner of a G account for example because the context will be kind example because the context will be kind. Example because the context will be kind of in messy nested form like it will be of in messy nested form like it will be. Of in messy nested form like it will be an argument of a call instead of a list an argument of a call instead of a list. An argument of a call instead of a list of the call. So it is kind of messy and of the call. So it is kind of messy and. Of the call. So it is kind of messy and uh I think uh it is uh going to be quite uh I think uh it is uh going to be quite. Uh I think uh it is uh going to be quite annoying to maintain this mess in the annoying to maintain this mess in the. Annoying to maintain this mess in the protocol like it creates some protocol like it creates some. Protocol like it creates some inconsistency between like how different inconsistency between like how different. Inconsistency between like how different types of uh contract signers can be types of uh contract signers can be. Types of uh contract signers can be used. Um which is basically the used. Um which is basically the. Used. Um which is basically the motivation for this but it also solves motivation for this but it also solves. Motivation for this but it also solves the issues I've described before. Oh the issues I've described before. Oh. The issues I've described before. Oh yeah, and uh also if you want to have yeah, and uh also if you want to have. Yeah, and uh also if you want to have the context um you will need to attach the context um you will need to attach. The context um you will need to attach it to to the transaction as well which it to to the transaction as well which. It to to the transaction as well which is like even more duplication on top of is like even more duplication on top of. Is like even more duplication on top of it. But you have like besides like it. But you have like besides like. It. But you have like besides like specifying multiple authorization specifying multiple authorization. Specifying multiple authorization entries for every address, you would entries for every address, you would. Entries for every address, you would need to specify like the whole call need to specify like the whole call. Need to specify like the whole call stack as well for every address but in stack as well for every address but in. Stack as well for every address but in different forms. Um and it's a lot of different forms. Um and it's a lot of. Different forms. Um and it's a lot of mess. Um mess. Um mess. Um so what do I propose to do about this? So what do I propose to do about this? So what do I propose to do about this? Uh it is actually not that big of a Uh it is actually not that big of a Uh it is actually not that big of a. Change and uh it consists um of change and uh it consists um of change and uh it consists um of. Basically two parts. uh one part of it basically two parts. uh one part of it basically two parts. uh one part of it. Is on the XDR side as can be seen in the is on the XDR side as can be seen in the. Is on the XDR side as can be seen in the cap. And what we do in the XDR is we cap. And what we do in the XDR is we. Cap. And what we do in the XDR is we introduce a new type of uh credentials introduce a new type of uh credentials. Introduce a new type of uh credentials which is uh basically this part of the which is uh basically this part of the. Which is uh basically this part of the authorization entry that contains authorization entry that contains. Authorization entry that contains signatures and stuff like that. And the signatures and stuff like that. And the. Signatures and stuff like that. And the credentials are pretty much same as credentials are pretty much same as. Credentials are pretty much same as robban credential of address. Um but robban credential of address. Um but. Robban credential of address. Um but they have an additional field called they have an additional field called. They have an additional field called delegates. And each delegate is uh just delegates. And each delegate is uh just. Delegates. And each delegate is uh just a strct that contains an address and a a strct that contains an address and a. A strct that contains an address and a signature C value which can be an signature C value which can be an. Signature C value which can be an arbitrary value for one can parse. And arbitrary value for one can parse. And. Arbitrary value for one can parse. And it also has a list of nested delegates. It also has a list of nested delegates. It also has a list of nested delegates. Uh in case if you call delegated uh in case if you call delegated uh in case if you call delegated. Accounts from within delegated account accounts from within delegated account accounts from within delegated account. And the cool thing about this exr is and the cool thing about this exr is and the cool thing about this exr is. That uh you may have a single that uh you may have a single that uh you may have a single. Authorization entry authorization entry authorization entry that has as many delegated signers as. That has as many delegated signers as that has as many delegated signers as you need. So there is no duplication at. You need. So there is no duplication at you need. So there is no duplication at all like there is only necessary. All like there is only necessary all like there is only necessary information. Information. Information. So in the simplest case for example So in the simplest case for example So in the simplest case for example. Right we have an account that asks right we have an account that asks right we have an account that asks. Another contract to perform us on its another contract to perform us on its another contract to perform us on its. Behalf behalf behalf uh and um this will be represented as a uh and um this will be represented as a. Uh and um this will be represented as a single authorization entry that has the single authorization entry that has the. Single authorization entry that has the main account that we are performing O main account that we are performing O. Main account that we are performing O for uh in the credentials at the top for uh in the credentials at the top. For uh in the credentials at the top level and the contract that actually level and the contract that actually. Level and the contract that actually performs O and delegates array and we performs O and delegates array and we. Performs O and delegates array and we only store its address and only store its address and. Only store its address and its signature. Its signature. Its signature. Uh and this structure is very simple and Uh and this structure is very simple and. Uh and this structure is very simple and uh like if you get a result from this uh like if you get a result from this. Uh like if you get a result from this like it's usually up to you to fill in like it's usually up to you to fill in. Like it's usually up to you to fill in the credentials anyway. So if you are the credentials anyway. So if you are. The credentials anyway. So if you are dealing with delegation as a wallet, dealing with delegation as a wallet,. Dealing with delegation as a wallet, what you need to do is just build this what you need to do is just build this. What you need to do is just build this new type of credentials. New type of credentials. New type of credentials. Uh it should be pretty simple like it's Uh it should be pretty simple like it's Uh it should be pretty simple like it's. Uh uh only a couple fields more than you uh uh only a couple fields more than you. Uh uh only a couple fields more than you would need to fill for normal or entry would need to fill for normal or entry. Would need to fill for normal or entry and there is no like this messy and there is no like this messy. And there is no like this messy propagating the uh O data uh into propagating the uh O data uh into. Propagating the uh O data uh into simulation and stuff like that is simulation and stuff like that is. Simulation and stuff like that is basically basically basically kind of a way to do multi-IG but instead. Kind of a way to do multi-IG but instead kind of a way to do multi-IG but instead. Of doing multiple signatures you have of doing multiple signatures you have of doing multiple signatures you have. Multiple like sign implementations on multiple like sign implementations on multiple like sign implementations on. The high Um Um and uh there is one more small change and uh there is one more small change. And uh there is one more small change which I will talk about a little bit which I will talk about a little bit. Which I will talk about a little bit later. Uh and from the host side we add later. Uh and from the host side we add. Later. Uh and from the host side we add uh two functions uh that actually allow uh two functions uh that actually allow. Uh two functions uh that actually allow contracts to interact with the delegated contracts to interact with the delegated. Contracts to interact with the delegated signers. The main function is delegate signers. The main function is delegate. Signers. The main function is delegate count O uh which is very similar to count O uh which is very similar to. Count O uh which is very similar to require O. Um but uh it can only be require O. Um but uh it can only be. Require O. Um but uh it can only be called from within a custom account uh called from within a custom account uh. Called from within a custom account uh from within check O reserve function. Uh from within check O reserve function. Uh. From within check O reserve function. Uh and it doesn't take any arguments. And and it doesn't take any arguments. And. And it doesn't take any arguments. And what this does is uh something similar what this does is uh something similar. What this does is uh something similar to referrals, but uh instead of like to referrals, but uh instead of like. To referrals, but uh instead of like just authorizing the current uh call just authorizing the current uh call. Just authorizing the current uh call arguments and current call, instead it arguments and current call, instead it. Arguments and current call, instead it will uh inherit the uh context and the will uh inherit the uh context and the. Will uh inherit the uh context and the signature payload from the current check signature payload from the current check. Signature payload from the current check implement from the current checkos implement from the current checkos. Implement from the current checkos invocation. Invocation. Invocation. So basically you have a check off and So basically you have a check off and So basically you have a check off and. Then you have another contract that you then you have another contract that you then you have another contract that you. Want to perform checkos for you and that want to perform checkos for you and that. Want to perform checkos for you and that other contract will get exactly the same. Other contract will get exactly the same other contract will get exactly the same. Check arguments and its own signature. Check arguments and its own signature. Check arguments and its own signature. Uh which is really cool. It allows like Uh which is really cool. It allows like Uh which is really cool. It allows like. All the delegate centers to sign the all the delegate centers to sign the all the delegate centers to sign the. Same payload basically and have the same same payload basically and have the same. Same payload basically and have the same context. So there is no messes like this. Context. So there is no messes like this context. So there is no messes like this. Nested context in argument and stuff nested context in argument and stuff nested context in argument and stuff. Like that. So for every contract it like that. So for every contract it like that. So for every contract it. Would look like as if they were would look like as if they were would look like as if they were. Authorizing the call themselves authorizing the call themselves authorizing the call themselves. Uh while in fact they're doing this on uh while in fact they're doing this on uh while in fact they're doing this on. Someone else's behinders someone else's behinders someone else's behinders [Music]. Present for the current cost check. Present for the current cost check. And the motivation behind this function And the motivation behind this function And the motivation behind this function. Is simply that um if you were to use is simply that um if you were to use is simply that um if you were to use. This feature uh you would have an issue this feature uh you would have an issue this feature uh you would have an issue. Of uh somehow attaching this uh of uh somehow attaching this uh of uh somehow attaching this uh. Delegated signers to your signature delegated signers to your signature delegated signers to your signature. Payload. Uh like you would need to list payload. Uh like you would need to list payload. Uh like you would need to list. Some signatures or something like that. Some signatures or something like that. Some signatures or something like that. And uh like since uh I would imagine uh And uh like since uh I would imagine uh And uh like since uh I would imagine uh. A few contracts would want to use this a few contracts would want to use this a few contracts would want to use this. And it's kind of annoying that everyone and it's kind of annoying that everyone and it's kind of annoying that everyone. Needs to reimplement this and come with needs to reimplement this and come with needs to reimplement this and come with. Their own UDS and stuff like that and in their own UDS and stuff like that and in. Their own UDS and stuff like that and in since we already have the delegated XDR since we already have the delegated XDR. Since we already have the delegated XDR uh we just add a getter that returns uh we just add a getter that returns. Uh we just add a getter that returns this delegated attached to the this delegated attached to the. This delegated attached to the transaction and matched to the current. Transaction and matched to the current. Transaction and matched to the current. So you can get them then you can make So you can get them then you can make So you can get them then you can make. Sure that they are actually the centers sure that they are actually the centers sure that they are actually the centers. For the account and then you call deate for the account and then you call deate for the account and then you call deate. Account on for them. So there is no need account on for them. So there is no need. Account on for them. So there is no need for some bespoke representation of this for some bespoke representation of this. For some bespoke representation of this deate center. They're kind of uh deate center. They're kind of uh. Deate center. They're kind of uh building feature that you may use and building feature that you may use and. Building feature that you may use and you don't need any uh data structure or you don't need any uh data structure or. You don't need any uh data structure or app. And again, this reduces duplication app. And again, this reduces duplication. App. And again, this reduces duplication even further because like if you fully even further because like if you fully. Even further because like if you fully delegate your O to another account, you delegate your O to another account, you. Delegate your O to another account, you do not need the signature for your main do not need the signature for your main. Do not need the signature for your main account. Account. Account. All right, that's uh it on the high All right, that's uh it on the high All right, that's uh it on the high. Level for the host functions. uh the cap level for the host functions. uh the cap. Level for the host functions. uh the cap has a bit more detailed description of has a bit more detailed description of. Has a bit more detailed description of the exact algorithm or how does it work the exact algorithm or how does it work. The exact algorithm or how does it work but um I think the simple summary if it but um I think the simple summary if it. But um I think the simple summary if it is really that it is require that just is really that it is require that just. Is really that it is require that just uh make sure that the arguments look as uh make sure that the arguments look as. Uh make sure that the arguments look as if uh you've been um authorizing the if uh you've been um authorizing the. If uh you've been um authorizing the require um call at the top level require um call at the top level. Require um call at the top level and the last small thing that I've and the last small thing that I've. And the last small thing that I've mentioned before in the XDR um is that mentioned before in the XDR um is that. Mentioned before in the XDR um is that uh unfortunately we need a new type of uh unfortunately we need a new type of. Uh unfortunately we need a new type of signature payload which I think is like signature payload which I think is like. Signature payload which I think is like the main downside with this approach and the main downside with this approach and. The main downside with this approach and uh the motivation for this is that uh the motivation for this is that. Uh the motivation for this is that um um um the current payload that you need to the current payload that you need to. The current payload that you need to sign to for thoraban sign to for thoraban sign to for thoraban. Is uh it does not contain the address is uh it does not contain the address is uh it does not contain the address. For which you're signing this payload for which you're signing this payload for which you're signing this payload. And in the current O framework it makes and in the current O framework it makes and in the current O framework it makes. Sense uh because uh it is implicitly sense uh because uh it is implicitly sense uh because uh it is implicitly. Tied to the address uh so address is tied to the address uh so address is tied to the address uh so address is. Signed but it is signed in a different signed but it is signed in a different signed but it is signed in a different. Part of the payload but with a part of the payload but with a part of the payload but with a. Delegation like you need to explicitly delegation like you need to explicitly delegation like you need to explicitly. Sign for the address uh that is a top sign for the address uh that is a top sign for the address uh that is a top. Level address that delegates uh level address that delegates uh level address that delegates uh. Everything. Everything. Everything. So basically without that uh this whole So basically without that uh this whole So basically without that uh this whole. Thing would be insecure. So um that's thing would be insecure. So um that's thing would be insecure. So um that's. Kind of the annoying divergence between kind of the annoying divergence between kind of the annoying divergence between. Like the different credential types. Uh like the different credential types. Uh like the different credential types. Uh. I think while it is definitely a I think while it is definitely a I think while it is definitely a. Downside it's probably not as big downside it's probably not as big downside it's probably not as big. Because it is it has one to one mapping because it is it has one to one mapping because it is it has one to one mapping. To the credential to the credential to the credential right. So if you do not support delegate. Right. So if you do not support delegate right. So if you do not support delegate. Credentials, you don't need to worry credentials, you don't need to worry credentials, you don't need to worry. About this. If you do support delegate about this. If you do support delegate about this. If you do support delegate. Credentials, you don't need to worry credentials, you don't need to worry credentials, you don't need to worry. About this. But uh the criteria for about this. But uh the criteria for about this. But uh the criteria for. Picking the right signature, it's uh picking the right signature, it's uh picking the right signature, it's uh. Pretty straightforward. Pretty straightforward. Pretty straightforward. Um again uh camp has more context on Um again uh camp has more context on Um again uh camp has more context on. This um issue. This um issue. This um issue. Um Um Um yeah, so I think it is yeah, so I think it is yeah, so I think it is more or less it at the high level. Uh. More or less it at the high level. Uh more or less it at the high level. Uh cap also has a proposed simulation flow. Cap also has a proposed simulation flow cap also has a proposed simulation flow which is kind of universal for any world. Which is kind of universal for any world which is kind of universal for any world. That wants to use delegated accounts. That wants to use delegated accounts. That wants to use delegated accounts. Sorry J accounts are this you can do Sorry J accounts are this you can do Sorry J accounts are this you can do. This for J accounts but there are some this for J accounts but there are some this for J accounts but there are some. Custom accounts implementation around custom accounts implementation around custom accounts implementation around. That but also delegated account which I that but also delegated account which I that but also delegated account which I. Know there could be like know Zeppelin know there could be like know Zeppelin know there could be like know Zeppelin. Has been working on something similar has been working on something similar has been working on something similar. And I know has experimented with this and I know has experimented with this and I know has experimented with this. For a while but you know if you like for a while but you know if you like for a while but you know if you like. A lot of convenience and to link your a lot of convenience and to link your a lot of convenience and to link your. Well also simplifying and optimizing the well also simplifying and optimizing the. Well also simplifying and optimizing the transactions transactions transactions Right. Um. Uh we'll cap the trail for Yeah, we will uh we'll cap the trail for Yeah, we will. Get to uh cap stream later but uh get to uh cap stream later but uh get to uh cap stream later but uh. Probably answer is yes probably answer is yes probably answer is yes questions. Questions. Questions. Uh, so any questions? No designers to send G transactions. uh No designers to send G transactions. uh that's cap 72 and uh not yet. That's cap 72 and uh not yet that's cap 72 and uh not yet but it is a step forward in that. But it is a step forward in that but it is a step forward in that direction right um. Direction right um direction right um if we ever allow CERS to sign if we ever allow CERS to sign. If we ever allow CERS to sign transactions and G accounts with C transactions and G accounts with C. Transactions and G accounts with C signers will also be able to do that signers will also be able to do that. Signers will also be able to do that that's again we can talk about this a that's again we can talk about this a. That's again we can talk about this a bit later bit later bit later Um yeah, it is definitely stack. Yeah, it is definitely stack uh or uh or uh or more interoperability between GNC more interoperability between GNC. More interoperability between GNC accounts in general. I I know that Lee had some concerns I I know that Lee had some concerns about Cap 71 specifically in terms of. About Cap 71 specifically in terms of about Cap 71 specifically in terms of like like. Like about yet another protocol feature. Um about yet another protocol feature. Um. About yet another protocol feature. Um and I do not disagree that it could and I do not disagree that it could. And I do not disagree that it could partially result with simulation but as partially result with simulation but as. Partially result with simulation but as I've mentioned before I think doing this I've mentioned before I think doing this. I've mentioned before I think doing this at protocol level at protocol level at protocol level. Uh very beneficial especially if you go uh very beneficial especially if you go uh very beneficial especially if you go. Ahead with cap 72 and does not only like ahead with cap 72 and does not only like. Ahead with cap 72 and does not only like improves ax but it also simplifies the improves ax but it also simplifies the. Improves ax but it also simplifies the transactions which is not something that transactions which is not something that. Transactions which is not something that simulation would allow us to solve. I see is there no question for please I see is there no question for please feel free. Feel free feel free to chime in um the discussion thread if to chime in um the discussion thread if. To chime in um the discussion thread if you come up with something you come up with something. You come up with something um yeah uh I think that let's go to cap 72 yeah uh I think that let's go to cap 72. Because I can see that folks are excited because I can see that folks are excited. Because I can see that folks are excited about it. So again 71 71 is kind of what I think is a. 71 is kind of what I think is a prerequisite to 72 just to make it kind prerequisite to 72 just to make it kind. Prerequisite to 72 just to make it kind of not happy out of the box. Of not happy out of the box. Of not happy out of the box. So cap 72 is about the mentioning So cap 72 is about the mentioning So cap 72 is about the mentioning. Contract signers for scar account for T contract signers for scar account for T contract signers for scar account for T. Account account account and um motivation this gap um it's uh and um motivation this gap um it's uh. And um motivation this gap um it's uh this in the original discussion as well this in the original discussion as well. This in the original discussion as well but uh basically but uh basically but uh basically. Um well to allow you to do uh difference um well to allow you to do uh difference. Um well to allow you to do uh difference in this existing CH account because G in this existing CH account because G. In this existing CH account because G accounts still have accounts still have accounts still have. Um quite a bit of adoption rate and um um quite a bit of adoption rate and um um quite a bit of adoption rate and um. This allow uh to extend their this allow uh to extend their this allow uh to extend their. Functionality arbitrarily. Um functionality arbitrarily. Um functionality arbitrarily. Um. It can be new ways to sign uh for it can be new ways to sign uh for it can be new ways to sign uh for. Operation. Operation. Operation. It may be um a way to implement new It may be um a way to implement new It may be um a way to implement new. Policies and stuff like that. Um it is policies and stuff like that. Um it is policies and stuff like that. Um it is. Really very open-ended. Um I think there really very open-ended. Um I think there. Really very open-ended. Um I think there is a lot of demand for passes. It is a is a lot of demand for passes. It is a. Is a lot of demand for passes. It is a pretty hot topic and an argument can be pretty hot topic and an argument can be. Pretty hot topic and an argument can be made that maybe you can made that maybe you can. Made that maybe you can you can support this natively as center. You can support this natively as center. You can support this natively as center. Um this is not the part of CAT 72 but um Um this is not the part of CAT 72 but um. Um this is not the part of CAT 72 but um I don't know I'd like to gauge some I don't know I'd like to gauge some. I don't know I'd like to gauge some interest maybe another discussion can be interest maybe another discussion can be. Interest maybe another discussion can be started if someone thinks strongly that started if someone thinks strongly that. Started if someone thinks strongly that has to be a feature on a G account. Now has to be a feature on a G account. Now. Has to be a feature on a G account. Now uh of course if in the future we support uh of course if in the future we support. Uh of course if in the future we support signing for transactions with C account signing for transactions with C account. Signing for transactions with C account this will become a nonissue because you this will become a nonissue because you. This will become a nonissue because you will be able to do anything with a C will be able to do anything with a C. Will be able to do anything with a C signer that you can do today with a signer that you can do today with a. Signer that you can do today with a normal T account. Normal T account. Normal T account. Um so well yeah I don't want to spend Um so well yeah I don't want to spend Um so well yeah I don't want to spend. Much time on on motivation here but I much time on on motivation here but I much time on on motivation here but I. Think it is pretty significant factor think it is pretty significant factor think it is pretty significant factor. Like the ability to u modify the like the ability to u modify the like the ability to u modify the. Account uh like account uh like account uh like a lot of things to do this. A lot of things to do this. A lot of things to do this. Um Um Um so what do we do for this? Um the first so what do we do for this? Um the first. So what do we do for this? Um the first thing that we do is we add a new ser thing that we do is we add a new ser. Thing that we do is we add a new ser type uh that is stored in the account type uh that is stored in the account. Type uh that is stored in the account entry in a similar fashion as any other entry in a similar fashion as any other. Entry in a similar fashion as any other sign sign sign and uh it is called the dated serer uh. And uh it is called the dated serer uh and uh it is called the dated serer uh which is basically um how it's it. Which is basically um how it's it which is basically um how it's it connects to cap 71 right it's also. Connects to cap 71 right it's also connects to cap 71 right it's also delegation delegation. Delegation um because unlike u the cryptographic um because unlike u the cryptographic. Um because unlike u the cryptographic centers for example that exist centers for example that exist. Centers for example that exist Now they're just uh public keys. Um get Now they're just uh public keys. Um get. Now they're just uh public keys. Um get it center is a contract that uh defines it center is a contract that uh defines. It center is a contract that uh defines its own uh logic with its own its own uh logic with its own. Its own uh logic with its own cryptography and stuff. Cryptography and stuff. Cryptography and stuff. Um Um Um the every signer has its own weight um the every signer has its own weight um. The every signer has its own weight um in the same fashion as normal planners in the same fashion as normal planners. In the same fashion as normal planners have weight. Have weight. Have weight. Um Um Um but the caveat for now at least is that but the caveat for now at least is that. But the caveat for now at least is that logated centers can only be used in the logated centers can only be used in the. Logated centers can only be used in the smart contract environment because well smart contract environment because well. Smart contract environment because well they are contracts. You cannot run they are contracts. You cannot run. They are contracts. You cannot run contracts uh uh outside of smart contracts uh uh outside of smart. Contracts uh uh outside of smart contract m environment just yet. Um contract m environment just yet. Um. Contract m environment just yet. Um so unfortunately you will not be able to so unfortunately you will not be able to. So unfortunately you will not be able to use the seat sign to sign the whole use the seat sign to sign the whole. Use the seat sign to sign the whole transaction. Transaction. Transaction. Uh but we can do anything in carbon and Uh but we can do anything in carbon and Uh but we can do anything in carbon and. Signing the transaction signing the transaction signing the transaction um will work if we ever support signing. Um will work if we ever support signing um will work if we ever support signing the transaction with a C account as. The transaction with a C account as the transaction with a C account as well. So basically if we support running. Well. So basically if we support running well. So basically if we support running. The contracts uh transaction validation the contracts uh transaction validation the contracts uh transaction validation. Time which I'm not saying it's time which I'm not saying it's time which I'm not saying it's. Necessarily going to happen but it's necessarily going to happen but it's necessarily going to happen but it's. Definitely something we are thinking definitely something we are thinking definitely something we are thinking. About. About. About. Um Um Um uh uh uh again B I'm sorry about that. Again B I'm sorry about that. Again B I'm sorry about that. Uh okay so besides that what we do is Uh okay so besides that what we do is Uh okay so besides that what we do is. That since modifications is a uh that since modifications is a uh that since modifications is a uh. Sorryation since uh operations uh the C sorryation since uh operations uh the C sorryation since uh operations uh the C. Accounts can only happen. Accounts can only happen. Accounts can only happen. But one notable use case um we But one notable use case um we But one notable use case um we. Uh been thinking about uh has something uh been thinking about uh has something uh been thinking about uh has something. To do with various account recovery to do with various account recovery to do with various account recovery. Flows right with using flows right with using flows right with using um pass key or there are other custom. Um pass key or there are other custom um pass key or there are other custom logic to for example recover the. Logic to for example recover the logic to for example recover the account. Account. Account. Um Um Um this use case needs an ability to modify this use case needs an ability to modify. This use case needs an ability to modify G account uh from Turaban. G account uh from Turaban. G account uh from Turaban. Um Um Um and uh we provide this uh ability this and uh we provide this uh ability this. And uh we provide this uh ability this new type of built-in contract uh which I new type of built-in contract uh which I. New type of built-in contract uh which I coined as GAC G account contract and coined as GAC G account contract and. Coined as GAC G account contract and unlike unlike unlike terror asset contract stack uh which has. Terror asset contract stack uh which has terror asset contract stack uh which has. To be explicitly instantiated to be explicitly instantiated to be explicitly instantiated. Uh GAC uh GAC uh GAC is implicitly it implicitly exists for is implicitly it implicitly exists for. Is implicitly it implicitly exists for any G account on chain not need to do any G account on chain not need to do. Any G account on chain not need to do anything to interact with it uh from anything to interact with it uh from. Anything to interact with it uh from Soraban um you will be able just Soraban um you will be able just. Soraban um you will be able just starting from a new protocol to call starting from a new protocol to call. Starting from a new protocol to call contract functions on a G account uh contract functions on a G account uh. Contract functions on a G account uh just really convenient and uh it is well just really convenient and uh it is well. Just really convenient and uh it is well overhead solution in terms of storage overhead solution in terms of storage. Overhead solution in terms of storage okay so that's kind of a high level okay so that's kind of a high level. Okay so that's kind of a high level overview um now go into a bit of detail. Overview um now go into a bit of detail. Overview um now go into a bit of detail. Um so in terms of the standard changes Um so in terms of the standard changes Um so in terms of the standard changes. As I've mentioned it's very as I've mentioned it's very as I've mentioned it's very. Straightforward. We just extend the straightforward. We just extend the straightforward. We just extend the. Existing ser um set of signers for the G existing ser um set of signers for the G. Existing ser um set of signers for the G accounts and we just them in the G accounts and we just them in the G. Accounts and we just them in the G account. um they're not supported in account. um they're not supported in. Account. um they're not supported in some um more exotic context like uh in some um more exotic context like uh in. Some um more exotic context like uh in some operations and stuff like that but some operations and stuff like that but. Some operations and stuff like that but that's a minor detail that's a minor detail. That's a minor detail um um um and then uh the GE account interface as and then uh the GE account interface as. And then uh the GE account interface as well um specified in the cap and uh it well um specified in the cap and uh it. Well um specified in the cap and uh it is still up to debate um the cap as it is still up to debate um the cap as it. Is still up to debate um the cap as it is proposes to is proposes to is proposes to. Uh add an ability to add any uh add an ability to add any uh add an ability to add any. Uh type of address as a delegated signer uh type of address as a delegated signer. Uh type of address as a delegated signer uh which might create some ambiguity uh which might create some ambiguity. Uh which might create some ambiguity like G account is a delegated center of like G account is a delegated center of. Like G account is a delegated center of a G account a G account a G account um but it's like G account itself is a. Um but it's like G account itself is a um but it's like G account itself is a public key um so we have kind of the. Public key um so we have kind of the public key um so we have kind of the same identifier that may be in two. Same identifier that may be in two same identifier that may be in two different context and it may may not. Different context and it may may not different context and it may may not cause some issues and confusion. Cause some issues and confusion cause some issues and confusion downstream. Downstream. Downstream. So, um it is still up to debate. So, um it is still up to debate. So, um it is still up to debate. Uh like if you decide to not go with Uh like if you decide to not go with Uh like if you decide to not go with. Delegated G accounts, the contract delegated G accounts, the contract delegated G accounts, the contract. Interface may be simplified a bit. Um to interface may be simplified a bit. Um to. Interface may be simplified a bit. Um to manage signers just based on the address. Manage signers just based on the address manage signers just based on the address. Type, G signers would be always type, G signers would be always type, G signers would be always. Cryptographic signers for example and C cryptographic signers for example and C cryptographic signers for example and C. Accounted signers. uh that would slim accounted signers. uh that would slim accounted signers. uh that would slim. Down the interface a little bit. But down the interface a little bit. But down the interface a little bit. But. Anyways, uh the current proposal is just anyways, uh the current proposal is just. Anyways, uh the current proposal is just to have a pair of functions to modify a to have a pair of functions to modify a. To have a pair of functions to modify a weight for a uh ED 25 uh signer or weight for a uh ED 25 uh signer or. Weight for a uh ED 25 uh signer or remove it. Then the same pair of remove it. Then the same pair of. Remove it. Then the same pair of functions to uh modify weight for functions to uh modify weight for. Functions to uh modify weight for delegated signer or remove it. Delegated signer or remove it. Delegated signer or remove it. And then two functions that just and then two functions that just and then two functions that just. Manipulate the weights of the account. Manipulate the weights of the account. Manipulate the weights of the account. It's not like strictly necessary but It's not like strictly necessary but It's not like strictly necessary but. This seem like a logical thing to have this seem like a logical thing to have this seem like a logical thing to have. If you provide uh the basic account if you provide uh the basic account if you provide uh the basic account. Management capabilities anyway. So just management capabilities anyway. So just management capabilities anyway. So just. Allow to modify the master weight and allow to modify the master weight and allow to modify the master weight and. Update the thresholds uh for the update the thresholds uh for the update the thresholds uh for the. Account. Account. Account. Uh so these are just for completeness Uh so these are just for completeness Uh so these are just for completeness. And not strictly necessary. And not strictly necessary. And not strictly necessary. Um Um Um so uh for the classic transactions as I so uh for the classic transactions as I. So uh for the classic transactions as I mentioned uh the derated sus will not be mentioned uh the derated sus will not be. Mentioned uh the derated sus will not be supported at the moment. Um so uh supported at the moment. Um so uh. Supported at the moment. Um so uh transactions that try to use them um transactions that try to use them um. Transactions that try to use them um they will be rejected and there's not they will be rejected and there's not. They will be rejected and there's not not even a way to kind of provide a not even a way to kind of provide a. Not even a way to kind of provide a signature for a delegated signature for a delegated. Signature for a delegated um um um but for the smart contracts themselves but for the smart contracts themselves. But for the smart contracts themselves um we extend the building functionality um we extend the building functionality. Um we extend the building functionality that performs authentication for the G that performs authentication for the G. That performs authentication for the G account account account and this extension leverages 71 one. And this extension leverages 71 one and this extension leverages 71 one where we would uh call the functions. Where we would uh call the functions where we would uh call the functions behind there which will enumerate all. Behind there which will enumerate all behind there which will enumerate all the delegated signers existing uh in the. The delegated signers existing uh in the the delegated signers existing uh in the. Current context and we will call this current context and we will call this current context and we will call this. New Jate account of house function for new Jate account of house function for new Jate account of house function for. Them and we'll obviously use the um XDR them and we'll obviously use the um XDR them and we'll obviously use the um XDR. Format for the payload defined in cap 71 format for the payload defined in cap 71. Format for the payload defined in cap 71 so it's directly benefits from it so it's directly benefits from it. So it's directly benefits from it And uh another caveat is that uh current And uh another caveat is that uh current. And uh another caveat is that uh current management operations that in this cap u. Management operations that in this cap u management operations that in this cap u. Are uh they must have a high signature are uh they must have a high signature are uh they must have a high signature. Threshold to match the semantics of the threshold to match the semantics of the threshold to match the semantics of the. Set options operation. So it is set options operation. So it is set options operation. So it is. Something new that we do. Uh previously something new that we do. Uh previously something new that we do. Uh previously. We always used medium threshold for all we always used medium threshold for all we always used medium threshold for all. The rob operations to all uh G accounts. The rob operations to all uh G accounts. The rob operations to all uh G accounts. So that's a small change to use high So that's a small change to use high So that's a small change to use high. Threshold for the account management threshold for the account management threshold for the account management. Operation. And I guess the uh only somewhat tricky And I guess the uh only somewhat tricky part about the implementation of the G. Part about the implementation of the G part about the implementation of the G account contract itself is that um we. Account contract itself is that um we account contract itself is that um we kind of do something new for Sorban. Kind of do something new for Sorban. Kind of do something new for Sorban. Here we had a way to manage classic Here we had a way to manage classic Here we had a way to manage classic. Entries uh from Sorban. uh not not just entries uh from Sorban. uh not not just entries uh from Sorban. uh not not just. Manage them but uh add or remove new manage them but uh add or remove new manage them but uh add or remove new. Entries which hasn't happened before entries which hasn't happened before entries which hasn't happened before. Right before the only thing we did with right before the only thing we did with right before the only thing we did with. Classic was we update the trust in classic was we update the trust in classic was we update the trust in. Balances for the account balances balances for the account balances balances for the account balances. Now with this cap we will also modify now with this cap we will also modify now with this cap we will also modify. Subentry count this sub entry count subentry count this sub entry count subentry count this sub entry count. Which affects the page reserve for the which affects the page reserve for the which affects the page reserve for the. Account and if we remove a signer we account and if we remove a signer we account and if we remove a signer we. Also might need to remove a sponsorship also might need to remove a sponsorship also might need to remove a sponsorship. From this signer from this signer from this signer This is all like perfectly reasonable to. This is all like perfectly reasonable to This is all like perfectly reasonable to. Do on this robust side. It is uh a bit do on this robust side. It is uh a bit do on this robust side. It is uh a bit. Of work to kind of properly maintain the of work to kind of properly maintain the. Of work to kind of properly maintain the variance. Um but uh on the high level, variance. Um but uh on the high level,. Variance. Um but uh on the high level, yeah, I guess the main concern here is yeah, I guess the main concern here is. Yeah, I guess the main concern here is that that that account has to authorize its. Account has to authorize its account has to authorize its modification and it obviously does that. Modification and it obviously does that modification and it obviously does that by authorizing the G account contract. By authorizing the G account contract by authorizing the G account contract function itself. So on any call with I. Function itself. So on any call with I function itself. So on any call with I said you need to provide a signature. Said you need to provide a signature said you need to provide a signature that matches the highway threshold and. That matches the highway threshold and that matches the highway threshold and besides like performing the modification. Besides like performing the modification besides like performing the modification. As well also authorizes modification of as well also authorizes modification of as well also authorizes modification of. The accounts reserve and sub entries. The accounts reserve and sub entries. The accounts reserve and sub entries. Um Um Um the only difference between this and the only difference between this and. The only difference between this and classic is really that you cannot create classic is really that you cannot create. Classic is really that you cannot create new uh sub entries using some new uh sub entries using some. New uh sub entries using some sponsorship because there's not even a sponsorship because there's not even a. Sponsorship because there's not even a way of setting up sponsorship. Way of setting up sponsorship. Way of setting up sponsorship. So um if you want to manipulate a G So um if you want to manipulate a G So um if you want to manipulate a G. Account with GAC, you need to have account with GAC, you need to have account with GAC, you need to have. Enough base reserve. You cannot use enough base reserve. You cannot use enough base reserve. You cannot use. Someone else's sponsorship. um which I someone else's sponsorship. um which I someone else's sponsorship. um which I. Think is generally think is generally think is generally fine and fine and fine and. Um someone wants to sponsor a G account um someone wants to sponsor a G account um someone wants to sponsor a G account. They can do that by for example they can do that by for example they can do that by for example. Performing an XLM bundle with G account performing an XLM bundle with G account performing an XLM bundle with G account. Modification or something like that. Um Um yeah so I mentioned already that uh yeah so I mentioned already that uh yeah so I mentioned already that uh. Every G account function performance every G account function performance every G account function performance. Requires and it will require high requires and it will require high requires and it will require high. Signature threshold signature threshold signature threshold and um I think it is pretty much it for. And um I think it is pretty much it for and um I think it is pretty much it for the high level overview. The high level overview the high level overview of the cap. Um of the cap. Um of the cap. Um. I think yeah uh I think I don't have I think yeah uh I think I don't have I think yeah uh I think I don't have. Much else to talk about like from bit much else to talk about like from bit much else to talk about like from bit. More details in the camp but I don't more details in the camp but I don't more details in the camp but I don't. Think there is anything too significant think there is anything too significant think there is anything too significant. And the main thing that not the main and the main thing that not the main and the main thing that not the main. Thing but at least one thing that I'm thing but at least one thing that I'm thing but at least one thing that I'm. Still not sure about is a final still not sure about is a final still not sure about is a final. Interface like what we do with delegated interface like what we do with delegated. Interface like what we do with delegated G account standards um but I think this G account standards um but I think this. G account standards um but I think this can can can he can offline especially since Lee is. He can offline especially since Lee is he can offline especially since Lee is not here and had some concerns about. Not here and had some concerns about not here and had some concerns about representing stills and so on. Representing stills and so on. Representing stills and so on. Um Um Um yeah um so any questions? So any questions? Um yeah, speaking of string keys, by the Um yeah, speaking of string keys, by the. Um yeah, speaking of string keys, by the way, um way, um way, um I do not think you will need string keys. I do not think you will need string keys I do not think you will need string keys. Like an E string key for this one. I I like an E string key for this one. I I like an E string key for this one. I I. Hope at least. So you will just have a G hope at least. So you will just have a G. Hope at least. So you will just have a G account and it can have a C signer. So account and it can have a C signer. So. Account and it can have a C signer. So that's probably direction we'll end up that's probably direction we'll end up. That's probably direction we'll end up in. So um know your account time. In. So um know your account time. In. So um know your account time. Um Um Um uh yeah any question. Okay. Um I think I don't see any Okay. Um I think I don't see any questions for now. Um it's going pretty. Questions for now. Um it's going pretty questions for now. Um it's going pretty fast. Again, I would say like if anyone. Fast. Again, I would say like if anyone fast. Again, I would say like if anyone has any thoughts or comments, please. Has any thoughts or comments, please has any thoughts or comments, please feel free to chime in in the respective. Feel free to chime in in the respective feel free to chime in in the respective camps. And And Mat is typing something. I'll wait for a Mat is typing something. I'll wait for a. Mat is typing something. I'll wait for a few more seconds. Okay. So, close from the cap. This has a Okay. So, close from the cap. This has a. Somewhat naterization somewhat naterization somewhat naterization in selling balance of the account for. In selling balance of the account for in selling balance of the account for hasn't been for um so why this is the. Hasn't been for um so why this is the hasn't been for um so why this is the case uh this is the case because. Case uh this is the case because case uh this is the case because uh classic uh classic. Uh classic when we create a new classic entry or when we create a new classic entry or. When we create a new classic entry or sub entry such as an account signer we sub entry such as an account signer we. Sub entry such as an account signer we need to reserve base reserve from the need to reserve base reserve from the. Need to reserve base reserve from the accounts that owns the entry. Okay. Uh accounts that owns the entry. Okay. Uh. Accounts that owns the entry. Okay. Uh best reserve being.5 XLM as of today. Best reserve being.5 XLM as of today. Best reserve being.5 XLM as of today. Right. So it is not a strict withdrawal Right. So it is not a strict withdrawal Right. So it is not a strict withdrawal. Of the fee, right? We not like in fe or of the fee, right? We not like in fe or of the fee, right? We not like in fe or. Anything for that rate. It just anything for that rate. It just anything for that rate. It just. Increases increases increases just reduces your spendable XLM balance just reduces your spendable XLM balance. Just reduces your spendable XLM balance on the account. It is just uh like we on the account. It is just uh like we. On the account. It is just uh like we cannot bypass this mechanism, right? we cannot bypass this mechanism, right? we. Cannot bypass this mechanism, right? we are doing the same things that we are are doing the same things that we are. Are doing the same things that we are doing on classic based reserve um and doing on classic based reserve um and. Doing on classic based reserve um and just doing it from soran now um and I just doing it from soran now um and I. Just doing it from soran now um and I guess the only intuitive non intuitive guess the only intuitive non intuitive. Guess the only intuitive non intuitive part about this is really that this part about this is really that this. Part about this is really that this hasn't happened before but I feel like hasn't happened before but I feel like. Hasn't happened before but I feel like it's not super offensively it's not super offensively. It's not super offensively counterintuitive counterintuitive counterintuitive because when you authorize an account. Because when you authorize an account because when you authorize an account operation you basically it is like a. Operation you basically it is like a operation you basically it is like a high privilege operation anyway and you. High privilege operation anyway and you high privilege operation anyway and you acknowledge the consequence quences and. Acknowledge the consequence quences and acknowledge the consequence quences and one of the consequences as well your. One of the consequences as well your one of the consequences as well your days reserve can be uh increased on the. Days reserve can be uh increased on the days reserve can be uh increased on the account so you can spend less XLM now um. Account so you can spend less XLM now um account so you can spend less XLM now um. It is the same as classic no way around it is the same as classic no way around it is the same as classic no way around. This um I looked into an alternative this um I looked into an alternative this um I looked into an alternative. Where like extra standards could be where like extra standards could be where like extra standards could be. Stored in the robite and then you would stored in the robite and then you would stored in the robite and then you would. Need to pay rent for them it's not like need to pay rent for them it's not like need to pay rent for them it's not like. It removes the fees magically it just it removes the fees magically it just it removes the fees magically it just. Moves fees in different direction but moves fees in different direction but moves fees in different direction but. Automatically I'm not sure if the automatically I'm not sure if the automatically I'm not sure if the. Approach other approach or is centers approach other approach or is centers approach other approach or is centers. And sorban is sources because and sorban is sources because and sorban is sources because. Creates some new interactions in classic creates some new interactions in classic. Creates some new interactions in classic st that uh going to be kind of tricky to. St that uh going to be kind of tricky to st that uh going to be kind of tricky to. Implement and maintain and are generally implement and maintain and are generally. Implement and maintain and are generally much more invasive than what proposed in. Much more invasive than what proposed in much more invasive than what proposed in. This cap. This cap. This cap. Um but yeah, if anyone is curious, they Um but yeah, if anyone is curious, they Um but yeah, if anyone is curious, they. May look up the history of the cap may look up the history of the cap may look up the history of the cap. Because it's the first version that was because it's the first version that was because it's the first version that was. Merged. All right. Uh I think we have merged. All right. Uh I think we have merged. All right. Uh I think we have. Like 20 more minutes. So why not go like 20 more minutes. So why not go like 20 more minutes. So why not go. Through cap 73 while we at it? Through cap 73 while we at it? Through cap 73 while we at it? And cap 73 really supports uh cap 72 on And cap 73 really supports uh cap 72 on And cap 73 really supports uh cap 72 on. One hand to allows the accounts to sign one hand to allows the accounts to sign one hand to allows the accounts to sign. For the trust l creation but also in for the trust l creation but also in for the trust l creation but also in. General it just closes the feature gap general it just closes the feature gap general it just closes the feature gap. That has been there from the inception that has been there from the inception that has been there from the inception. Of soraban and I think some people are of soraban and I think some people are of soraban and I think some people are. Very well aware of it and very well aware of it and very well aware of it and it happened I guess just in some flows. It happened I guess just in some flows it happened I guess just in some flows that do not involve from custom o or. That do not involve from custom o or that do not involve from custom o or anything. Um and the the issue is. Anything. Um and the the issue is anything. Um and the the issue is basically that when you're doing. Basically that when you're doing basically that when you're doing contract operations in sorban you cannot. Contract operations in sorban you cannot contract operations in sorban you cannot. Create new balances for uh the G account create new balances for uh the G account. Create new balances for uh the G account um and new balance being an account um and new balance being an account. Um and new balance being an account entry itself for the XLM token entry itself for the XLM token. Entry itself for the XLM token specifically and a trust line for any specifically and a trust line for any. Specifically and a trust line for any other token other token other token and uh it is like not uh completely. And uh it is like not uh completely and uh it is like not uh completely blocking usage of sack right for G. Blocking usage of sack right for G blocking usage of sack right for G accounts. Um you can ask the users to. Accounts. Um you can ask the users to accounts. Um you can ask the users to set up the trust point first. Um but. Set up the trust point first. Um but set up the trust point first. Um but there are contexts where you may want to. There are contexts where you may want to there are contexts where you may want to. Do this programmatically. There is of do this programmatically. There is of do this programmatically. There is of. Course a capstone 72 context. You may course a capstone 72 context. You may course a capstone 72 context. You may. Want to use your C account logic to want to use your C account logic to want to use your C account logic to. Manage your trust lines. Manage your trust lines. Manage your trust lines. And uh it also helps to kind of bundling And uh it also helps to kind of bundling. And uh it also helps to kind of bundling this with some programmatic operations. This with some programmatic operations. This with some programmatic operations. Um such as for example an example I I Um such as for example an example I I Um such as for example an example I I. Saw recently from Tyler week. Uh with saw recently from Tyler week. Uh with saw recently from Tyler week. Uh with. That you would be able to for example that you would be able to for example that you would be able to for example. Create a new classic asset effectively create a new classic asset effectively create a new classic asset effectively. And create a distribution account and create a distribution account and create a distribution account. Transfer asset to the distribution transfer asset to the distribution transfer asset to the distribution. Account account account distribute later to the users all in the distribute later to the users all in the. Distribute later to the users all in the same transaction same transaction same transaction. Uh which is pretty convenient. Um so uh which is pretty convenient. Um so uh which is pretty convenient. Um so. Yeah I guess there are convenience uh yeah I guess there are convenience uh yeah I guess there are convenience uh. There is convenience factors there is a there is convenience factors there is a there is convenience factors there is a. Factor of really closing the gap and factor of really closing the gap and factor of really closing the gap and. Factor of being uh more compatible with factor of being uh more compatible with factor of being uh more compatible with. Uh C designers of J account with cap 72 uh C designers of J account with cap 72 uh C designers of J account with cap 72. That's the gist of the motivation that's the gist of the motivation that's the gist of the motivation. And um the way it works is via uh two and um the way it works is via uh two and um the way it works is via uh two. New functions uh for this to asset new functions uh for this to asset new functions uh for this to asset. Contract. Contract. Contract. Uh these functions are change trust and Uh these functions are change trust and Uh these functions are change trust and. Has trust and again the exact interface has trust and again the exact interface has trust and again the exact interface. Is still a bit up to debate but uh as it is still a bit up to debate but uh as it. Is still a bit up to debate but uh as it states now uh the change trust function states now uh the change trust function. States now uh the change trust function operates in the same fashion as the um operates in the same fashion as the um. Operates in the same fashion as the um forget the name of the operation classic forget the name of the operation classic. Forget the name of the operation classic the I think it's called change trust as the I think it's called change trust as. The I think it's called change trust as well in classic the operation well in classic the operation. Well in classic the operation um and what it does is basically uh sets um and what it does is basically uh sets. Um and what it does is basically uh sets a trust line limit for a given address. A trust line limit for a given address. A trust line limit for a given address. Uh if the limit is zero, then the trust Uh if the limit is zero, then the trust Uh if the limit is zero, then the trust. Line is removed. If the limit is non line is removed. If the limit is non line is removed. If the limit is non. Zero and the trust line hasn't been zero and the trust line hasn't been zero and the trust line hasn't been. There, then created and of course if it there, then created and of course if it there, then created and of course if it. Is there it can be just modified. Um is there it can be just modified. Um is there it can be just modified. Um. The question is whether we need to the question is whether we need to the question is whether we need to. Manage limit at all. Um I did some manage limit at all. Um I did some manage limit at all. Um I did some. Analysis analysis analysis among the trust lens that have been among the trust lens that have been. Among the trust lens that have been active uh during the uh last year with active uh during the uh last year with. Active uh during the uh last year with 98 plus% use 98 plus% use 98 plus% use limit trust and limit over uh one to the. Limit trust and limit over uh one to the limit trust and limit over uh one to the. Power of 18 which basically represents power of 18 which basically represents power of 18 which basically represents. Infinity. Um but if anyone is aware of infinity. Um but if anyone is aware of infinity. Um but if anyone is aware of. Any use cases for limits that are low uh any use cases for limits that are low uh. Any use cases for limits that are low uh please let us know u because we might please let us know u because we might. Please let us know u because we might get rid of it for the sake of simplicity get rid of it for the sake of simplicity. Get rid of it for the sake of simplicity because um yeah it is not really obvious. Because um yeah it is not really obvious because um yeah it is not really obvious. If it's necessary and for this if it's necessary and for this if it's necessary and for this. Programmatic manipulation of trust programmatic manipulation of trust programmatic manipulation of trust. Twines. really um likely that only twines. really um likely that only twines. really um likely that only. Binary modifications would be possible binary modifications would be possible binary modifications would be possible. Because if you need a non- infinite because if you need a non- infinite because if you need a non- infinite. Transpoint limit, you're doing something transpoint limit, you're doing something. Transpoint limit, you're doing something super specific probably and it seems super specific probably and it seems. Super specific probably and it seems kind of weird that you would know that kind of weird that you would know that. Kind of weird that you would know that the wants to do that. It seems really the wants to do that. It seems really. The wants to do that. It seems really unlikely. Unlikely. Unlikely. And another function has trust just And another function has trust just And another function has trust just. Checks if an address has a trust line. Checks if an address has a trust line. Checks if an address has a trust line. And the purpose of this function is And the purpose of this function is And the purpose of this function is. Really to really to really to uh uh uh make for better programmability of trust make for better programmability of trust. Make for better programmability of trust management because change trust management because change trust. Management because change trust operation requires uh authorization from operation requires uh authorization from. Operation requires uh authorization from the address that the trust lane belongs the address that the trust lane belongs. The address that the trust lane belongs to. And for example, you are performing to. And for example, you are performing. To. And for example, you are performing a DSD transfer to a new address, right? A DSD transfer to a new address, right? A DSD transfer to a new address, right? And normally you would only need O from And normally you would only need O from And normally you would only need O from. The transfer source. Um but if you the transfer source. Um but if you the transfer source. Um but if you. Wanted to create a destination trust wanted to create a destination trust wanted to create a destination trust. Lines then you would also need us from lines then you would also need us from lines then you would also need us from. The destination as well. Um the destination as well. Um the destination as well. Um. You cannot just unconditionally call you cannot just unconditionally call you cannot just unconditionally call. Change trust to make sure that the trust change trust to make sure that the trust. Change trust to make sure that the trust point exists. Maybe you could, but then point exists. Maybe you could, but then. Point exists. Maybe you could, but then you know uh you could make it so you you know uh you could make it so you. You know uh you could make it so you don't need to require us if well it's don't need to require us if well it's. Don't need to require us if well it's not verified is really uh something up not verified is really uh something up. Not verified is really uh something up to the further discussion how this to the further discussion how this. To the further discussion how this interface looks like. But anyways this interface looks like. But anyways this. Interface looks like. But anyways this is the current proposal. Is the current proposal. Is the current proposal. The h trust function really helps to The h trust function really helps to The h trust function really helps to. Check if you actually need to call check if you actually need to call check if you actually need to call. Change trust or not and thus whether you change trust or not and thus whether you. Change trust or not and thus whether you need to require o from the uh receiver need to require o from the uh receiver. Need to require o from the uh receiver of the balance or not. uh which is kind of the balance or not. uh which is kind. Of the balance or not. uh which is kind of convenient and if you wanted to call of convenient and if you wanted to call. Of convenient and if you wanted to call this from Z contract this from Z contract. This from Z contract um similarly to cat 72 this modifies um similarly to cat 72 this modifies. Um similarly to cat 72 this modifies base resource and again in the same vein base resource and again in the same vein. Base resource and again in the same vein we we cannot avoid that because it's we we cannot avoid that because it's. We we cannot avoid that because it's classic semantics classic semantics classic semantics. And um and um and um we require authorization on the change we require authorization on the change. We require authorization on the change trust operation in same way of classic trust operation in same way of classic. Trust operation in same way of classic so the base reserve modification ation so the base reserve modification ation. So the base reserve modification ation is uh just yet another thing that you're is uh just yet another thing that you're. Is uh just yet another thing that you're authorizing by signing this u and it has. Authorizing by signing this u and it has authorizing by signing this u and it has. The same the same the same uh downside of saying about it going uh downside of saying about it going. Uh downside of saying about it going that sponsorships are not available. So that sponsorships are not available. So. That sponsorships are not available. So if you want to create a trust line, you if you want to create a trust line, you. If you want to create a trust line, you need to have sufficient excellent need to have sufficient excellent. Need to have sufficient excellent balance for it. Balance for it. Balance for it. And And And uh for the excellent specifically there uh for the excellent specifically there. Uh for the excellent specifically there are no trust lines and instead just are no trust lines and instead just. Are no trust lines and instead just create a new account. Create a new account. Create a new account. Then uh an excellent transfer is Then uh an excellent transfer is Then uh an excellent transfer is. Performed to a G address that does not performed to a G address that does not performed to a G address that does not. Exist yet. And this account will be exist yet. And this account will be exist yet. And this account will be. Funded with this newly transfer balance. Funded with this newly transfer balance. Funded with this newly transfer balance. Um the only caveat is that the minimum Um the only caveat is that the minimum Um the only caveat is that the minimum. Transfer amount here is one XLM because transfer amount here is one XLM because transfer amount here is one XLM because. That's the minimum balance that H that's the minimum balance that H that's the minimum balance that H. Account may have. If the balance is less account may have. If the balance is less. Account may have. If the balance is less than one XLM the operation will fail as than one XLM the operation will fail as. Than one XLM the operation will fail as it does today. Um well it will fail with it does today. Um well it will fail with. It does today. Um well it will fail with an error. So yeah XLM is arguably much an error. So yeah XLM is arguably much. An error. So yeah XLM is arguably much simpler because it does not require any simpler because it does not require any. Simpler because it does not require any Um, and yeah, it just is very simple in Um, and yeah, it just is very simple in. Um, and yeah, it just is very simple in this sense. This sense. This sense. Um, and yeah, I think that's pretty much Um, and yeah, I think that's pretty much. Um, and yeah, I think that's pretty much it on your head over that's a pretty it on your head over that's a pretty. It on your head over that's a pretty simple cap. Um, yeah, the only tricky simple cap. Um, yeah, the only tricky. Simple cap. Um, yeah, the only tricky part about it is really handing down the part about it is really handing down the. Part about it is really handing down the interface. Um because yeah we could make. Interface. Um because yeah we could make interface. Um because yeah we could make. It much simpler if you went for like it much simpler if you went for like it much simpler if you went for like. Binary either zero or infinity trust uh binary either zero or infinity trust uh binary either zero or infinity trust uh. But we need some signal whether it is but we need some signal whether it is but we need some signal whether it is. Too restricted or not. Okay question in too restricted or not. Okay question in too restricted or not. Okay question in. Classic one of the reasons sponsorship classic one of the reasons sponsorship classic one of the reasons sponsorship. Were added was to print accounts created were added was to print accounts created. Were added was to print accounts created by wlets from being merged by Z party by wlets from being merged by Z party. By wlets from being merged by Z party for the base reserve. Is it a concern for the base reserve. Is it a concern. For the base reserve. Is it a concern for creating accounts on transfers of for creating accounts on transfers of. For creating accounts on transfers of sponsorships? Sponsorships? Sponsorships? Um Um Um I am not sure I understand the question I am not sure I understand the question. I am not sure I understand the question create an account on transfer create an account on transfer. Create an account on transfer why would you isn't that how it works why would you isn't that how it works. Why would you isn't that how it works for for for uh for classic as well like when you. Uh for classic as well like when you uh for classic as well like when you create an account you. Create an account you create an account you it's like an excellent transfer maybe I. It's like an excellent transfer maybe I it's like an excellent transfer maybe I could go to this page. Yeah we can discuss this I think I am yeah we can discuss this I think I am still not sure I understand this maybe. Still not sure I understand this maybe still not sure I understand this maybe it is some. It is some it is some bit of classic protocols that I'm not bit of classic protocols that I'm not. Bit of classic protocols that I'm not aware of I want to count out on aware of I want to count out on. Aware of I want to count out on currencies cap Um, well, technically the well, technically the. Okay, I think it's technically the Okay, I think it's technically the Okay, I think it's technically the. Transpoint part and XLM part are kind of transpoint part and XLM part are kind of. Transpoint part and XLM part are kind of independent. I bundled them into the independent. I bundled them into the. Independent. I bundled them into the same cap because they really serve the same cap because they really serve the. Same cap because they really serve the same mission uh of like dealing with same mission uh of like dealing with. Same mission uh of like dealing with non-existent G account balances. So I non-existent G account balances. So I. Non-existent G account balances. So I thought like it makes sense to close thought like it makes sense to close. Thought like it makes sense to close this gap all at once and not just for a this gap all at once and not just for a. This gap all at once and not just for a part of the site balances. But yeah, if part of the site balances. But yeah, if. Part of the site balances. But yeah, if we figure out that something is much we figure out that something is much. We figure out that something is much harder to do or much easier to do, we harder to do or much easier to do, we. Harder to do or much easier to do, we could build this up further. But given could build this up further. But given. Could build this up further. But given how simple it is, I would hope we could how simple it is, I would hope we could. How simple it is, I would hope we could do both atomically. Do both atomically. Do both atomically. Um, Um, Um, so yeah, that's recaped. Um, I guess the so yeah, that's recaped. Um, I guess the. So yeah, that's recaped. Um, I guess the only one thing to say for now is that uh. Only one thing to say for now is that uh only one thing to say for now is that uh. We are still not sure which protocol we are still not sure which protocol we are still not sure which protocol. Will this go into this get uh through. Will this go into this get uh through. Will this go into this get uh through. Uh, so Uh, so Uh, so likely some of the caps will come a bit likely some of the caps will come a bit. Likely some of the caps will come a bit later, later, later, may come sooner. So just stay tuned for. May come sooner. So just stay tuned for may come sooner. So just stay tuned for that. And uh yeah, please feel free to. That. And uh yeah, please feel free to that. And uh yeah, please feel free to leave any feedback, suggestions in the C. Leave any feedback, suggestions in the C leave any feedback, suggestions in the C. Discussion. Discussion. Discussion. Um, thanks Ariel.
