We're going to talk about um a We're going to talk about um a uh a protocol upgrade that we're pushing. Uh a protocol upgrade that we're pushing uh a protocol upgrade that we're pushing. For uh next week uh that is around uh for uh next week uh that is around uh for uh next week uh that is around uh. Fixing a bug that was discovered last fixing a bug that was discovered last fixing a bug that was discovered last. Week. So um last month we pushed out week. So um last month we pushed out week. So um last month we pushed out. Whisk which is protocol 23 protocol um whisk which is protocol 23 protocol um whisk which is protocol 23 protocol um. Was upgraded by a vote from uh tier one was upgraded by a vote from uh tier one was upgraded by a vote from uh tier one. Validators. Um and um on Thursday last validators. Um and um on Thursday last validators. Um and um on Thursday last. Week, a week ago, we um discovered a bug week, a week ago, we um discovered a bug. Week, a week ago, we um discovered a bug in the protocol. Uh we've uh we worked in the protocol. Uh we've uh we worked. In the protocol. Uh we've uh we worked the following two days on containing the the following two days on containing the. The following two days on containing the bug. uh which affected um state bug. uh which affected um state. Bug. uh which affected um state archival. Uh so basically some small archival. Uh so basically some small. Archival. Uh so basically some small number of ledger entries uh that were number of ledger entries uh that were. Number of ledger entries uh that were archived were archived with the wrong uh archived were archived with the wrong uh. Archived were archived with the wrong uh version. So the not most recent version version. So the not most recent version. Version. So the not most recent version um and when they were restored uh the um and when they were restored uh the. Um and when they were restored uh the restoration allowed for the non-most restoration allowed for the non-most. Restoration allowed for the non-most recent uh version to be restored. Uh the recent uh version to be restored. Uh the. Recent uh version to be restored. Uh the total uh number that was actually uh total uh number that was actually uh. Total uh number that was actually uh affected is um less than 500 ledger affected is um less than 500 ledger. Affected is um less than 500 ledger entries. 478 to be exact. Um out of entries. 478 to be exact. Um out of. Entries. 478 to be exact. Um out of these uh only 84 were restored. Uh so these uh only 84 were restored. Uh so. These uh only 84 were restored. Uh so these are ledger entries um that were these are ledger entries um that were. These are ledger entries um that were actually uh restored to the Navos recent actually uh restored to the Navos recent. Actually uh restored to the Navos recent value. Um last week, Thursday, Friday, value. Um last week, Thursday, Friday,. Value. Um last week, Thursday, Friday, we worked with uh tier one validators to we worked with uh tier one validators to. We worked with uh tier one validators to contain this issue, which means that contain this issue, which means that. Contain this issue, which means that we've we've we've um set out an emergency SLP to um avoid. Um set out an emergency SLP to um avoid um set out an emergency SLP to um avoid archiving more u uh more ledger entries. Archiving more u uh more ledger entries. Archiving more u uh more ledger entries. We also manually bumped all entries um We also manually bumped all entries um We also manually bumped all entries um. On the network that were about to expire on the network that were about to expire. On the network that were about to expire so that they don't. So that they don't. So that they don't. Um we then um issued a uh released a new Um we then um issued a uh released a new. Um we then um issued a uh released a new version of stellar core that was patched. Version of stellar core that was patched version of stellar core that was patched. In order to ensure that um the affected in order to ensure that um the affected in order to ensure that um the affected. Ledger entries cannot be touched so that ledger entries cannot be touched so that. Ledger entries cannot be touched so that um any state inconsistencies remain um any state inconsistencies remain. Um any state inconsistencies remain quarantined. Quarantined. Quarantined. Um that happened last week on Friday and um that happened last week on Friday and. Um that happened last week on Friday and from that moment on we've been working from that moment on we've been working. From that moment on we've been working for the past week uh since Friday night for the past week uh since Friday night. For the past week uh since Friday night on um on uh communicating with uh on um on uh communicating with uh. On um on uh communicating with uh validators and with affected protocols validators and with affected protocols. Validators and with affected protocols to understand what the extent of uh of to understand what the extent of uh of. To understand what the extent of uh of their issue was. Uh we've also um their issue was. Uh we've also um. Their issue was. Uh we've also um suggested a few uh protocol suggested a few uh protocol. Suggested a few uh protocol um uh upgrade options in order to uh um uh upgrade options in order to uh. Um uh upgrade options in order to uh rectify this. Um and the protocol option rectify this. Um and the protocol option. Rectify this. Um and the protocol option uh that is um overwhelmingly the most uh that is um overwhelmingly the most. Uh that is um overwhelmingly the most popular is the less intrusive one which popular is the less intrusive one which. Popular is the less intrusive one which is to uh obviously fix the bug to um fix is to uh obviously fix the bug to um fix. Is to uh obviously fix the bug to um fix the archive. So all the ledger entries the archive. So all the ledger entries. The archive. So all the ledger entries that were archived and not restored will that were archived and not restored will. That were archived and not restored will be um will be fixed in the archive and be um will be fixed in the archive and. Be um will be fixed in the archive and so when they're restored they will be so when they're restored they will be. So when they're restored they will be restored to the correct uh value. Um but restored to the correct uh value. Um but. Restored to the correct uh value. Um but with regards to the ledger entries that with regards to the ledger entries that. With regards to the ledger entries that are live and have been restored are live and have been restored. Are live and have been restored incorrectly um we will not be addressing incorrectly um we will not be addressing. Incorrectly um we will not be addressing them on the protocol level um but we them on the protocol level um but we. Them on the protocol level um but we have ensured with all uh affected uh have ensured with all uh affected uh. Have ensured with all uh affected uh issuers and protocols that we've been issuers and protocols that we've been. Issuers and protocols that we've been communicating with. we're talking about communicating with. we're talking about. Communicating with. we're talking about around 20 protocols. Um that they do around 20 protocols. Um that they do. Around 20 protocols. Um that they do have ways uh to rectify this on their have ways uh to rectify this on their. Have ways uh to rectify this on their end. Uh so for uh some issuers, it just end. Uh so for uh some issuers, it just. End. Uh so for uh some issuers, it just means that uh they need to adjust the means that uh they need to adjust the. Means that uh they need to adjust the supply to make sure that it's uh uh it supply to make sure that it's uh uh it. Supply to make sure that it's uh uh it reflects what's on chain. Um a lot of reflects what's on chain. Um a lot of. Reflects what's on chain. Um a lot of the issues uh a lot of the state uh the issues uh a lot of the state uh. The issues uh a lot of the state uh changes have actually been uh benign and changes have actually been uh benign and. Changes have actually been uh benign and not had any meaningful impact. Um, and not had any meaningful impact. Um, and. Not had any meaningful impact. Um, and some protocols have had ways to um, kind some protocols have had ways to um, kind. Some protocols have had ways to um, kind of like upgrade out of these issues. Of like upgrade out of these issues. Of like upgrade out of these issues. Um, and so I am going to stop talking Um, and so I am going to stop talking Um, and so I am going to stop talking. For a bit right now and uh, happy to uh, for a bit right now and uh, happy to uh,. For a bit right now and uh, happy to uh, take any questions. Justin, did you guys. Take any questions. Justin, did you guys take any questions. Justin, did you guys. Hear all this? Hear all this? Hear all this? &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. It sounded great. And right now &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. It sounded great. And right now. &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. It sounded great. And right now I'm just going to paste the blog post. I'm just going to paste the blog post I'm just going to paste the blog post that we just um released that explains. That we just um released that explains that we just um released that explains this a little bit in the um chat over. This a little bit in the um chat over this a little bit in the um chat over here. So if you want to sort of read a. Here. So if you want to sort of read a here. So if you want to sort of read a version of what Tor said, it's there. Um. Version of what Tor said, it's there. Um version of what Tor said, it's there. Um. We also you'll see that there's a link we also you'll see that there's a link we also you'll see that there's a link. To a cap there. Um the cap is is the to a cap there. Um the cap is is the to a cap there. Um the cap is is the. Suggested change that Tor was talking suggested change that Tor was talking suggested change that Tor was talking. About and I think um I think Nico is about and I think um I think Nico is about and I think um I think Nico is. Here and will join us on stage in a here and will join us on stage in a here and will join us on stage in a. Minute to talk through the cap. Um but minute to talk through the cap. Um but minute to talk through the cap. Um but. First there is a question from Jome. First there is a question from Jome. First there is a question from Jome. This was completely random. So some This was completely random. So some This was completely random. So some. Entries were correctly archived and entries were correctly archived and entries were correctly archived and. Restored. Restored. Restored. &gt;&gt; Um it's not random in the sense that &gt;&gt; Um it's not random in the sense that. &gt;&gt; Um it's not random in the sense that this was not uh arbitrary. It was this was not uh arbitrary. It was. This was not uh arbitrary. It was deterministic in the sense that all deterministic in the sense that all. Deterministic in the sense that all protocols uh all validators actually protocols uh all validators actually. Protocols uh all validators actually behaved uh exactly the same. So the behaved uh exactly the same. So the. Behaved uh exactly the same. So the network uh did not fork uh based on this network uh did not fork uh based on this. Network uh did not fork uh based on this behavior. Um it was consistent. Uh but behavior. Um it was consistent. Uh but. Behavior. Um it was consistent. Uh but uh it required a very kind of like uh it required a very kind of like. Uh it required a very kind of like specific arbitrary chain of events that specific arbitrary chain of events that. Specific arbitrary chain of events that relate to how um whisk handles uh live relate to how um whisk handles uh live. Relate to how um whisk handles uh live state prioritization between um the state prioritization between um the. State prioritization between um the bucket list which includes all the live bucket list which includes all the live. Bucket list which includes all the live states and uh the evicted state. Uh so states and uh the evicted state. Uh so. States and uh the evicted state. Uh so not random uh but definitely uh also not not random uh but definitely uh also not. Not random uh but definitely uh also not uh uh trivial to identify. Okay, it looks like it looks like there Okay, it looks like it looks like there are um. I mean I see someone saying I am late. I mean I see someone saying I am late. How bad is this? As Tor pointed out and How bad is this? As Tor pointed out and How bad is this? As Tor pointed out and. You can read that blog post that's you can read that blog post that's you can read that blog post that's. Posted above, this bug was discovered by posted above, this bug was discovered by. Posted above, this bug was discovered by um Elliot friend who's here on this um Elliot friend who's here on this. Um Elliot friend who's here on this call. uh who's who is a senior developer call. uh who's who is a senior developer. Call. uh who's who is a senior developer advocate at the Stellar Development advocate at the Stellar Development. Advocate at the Stellar Development Foundation and he discovered it while he Foundation and he discovered it while he. Foundation and he discovered it while he was you know doing some work to get was you know doing some work to get. Was you know doing some work to get ready for a hackathon that's coming up ready for a hackathon that's coming up. Ready for a hackathon that's coming up and you know short it did not take long and you know short it did not take long. And you know short it did not take long at all and you can see the timeline at all and you can see the timeline. At all and you can see the timeline there for there to be um for the the there for there to be um for the the. There for there to be um for the the issue to be very quickly quarantined and issue to be very quickly quarantined and. Issue to be very quickly quarantined and the uh fix will be rolled out pretty the uh fix will be rolled out pretty. The uh fix will be rolled out pretty soon. So, while it's a bug that, you soon. So, while it's a bug that, you. Soon. So, while it's a bug that, you know, is very it's a serious bug. The know, is very it's a serious bug. The. Know, is very it's a serious bug. The impact is something that we've like impact is something that we've like. Impact is something that we've like evaluated, talk to everyone who's been evaluated, talk to everyone who's been. Evaluated, talk to everyone who's been impacted about and, you know, it's it's impacted about and, you know, it's it's. Impacted about and, you know, it's it's definitely contained at this point. Um, definitely contained at this point. Um,. Definitely contained at this point. Um, so I'll let you read the post and decide so I'll let you read the post and decide. So I'll let you read the post and decide how bad it is. Um, but my answer is I how bad it is. Um, but my answer is I. How bad it is. Um, but my answer is I think that the response has kept it think that the response has kept it. Think that the response has kept it pretty contained and has cut it off very pretty contained and has cut it off very. Pretty contained and has cut it off very um quickly. Um but um quickly. Um but um quickly. Um but. The other so at this point um we have the other so at this point um we have the other so at this point um we have. I'm going to post here this is cap I'm going to post here this is cap I'm going to post here this is cap. Um um um yeah and as as Dimma points out above yeah and as as Dimma points out above. Yeah and as as Dimma points out above I mean you can read what he he wrote in I mean you can read what he he wrote in. I mean you can read what he he wrote in response to your question too. Response to your question too. Response to your question too. So, I know there's a lot of of uh of So, I know there's a lot of of uh of So, I know there's a lot of of uh of. Discussion going on, but at this point, discussion going on, but at this point, discussion going on, but at this point,. I also think it's important to take this I also think it's important to take this. I also think it's important to take this opportunity to look at the proposed opportunity to look at the proposed. Opportunity to look at the proposed solution, which is what I just pasted solution, which is what I just pasted. Solution, which is what I just pasted there. It's a core advancement proposal there. It's a core advancement proposal. There. It's a core advancement proposal 76. 76. 76. And we have some people from the core And we have some people from the core And we have some people from the core. Team to walk through this. Um, Nico, do team to walk through this. Um, Nico, do team to walk through this. Um, Nico, do. You want to do it or or is it better if you want to do it or or is it better if you want to do it or or is it better if. Dimma does it? &gt;&gt; I can I can Yeah. take a first stab at &gt;&gt; I can I can Yeah. take a first stab at. It. Um it. Um it. Um guess hear me? Okay, &gt;&gt; perfect. &gt;&gt; perfect. &gt;&gt; All right. So yeah, so like at a high &gt;&gt; All right. So yeah, so like at a high. &gt;&gt; All right. So yeah, so like at a high level what the cap is describing is um. Level what the cap is describing is um level what the cap is describing is um first what is actually in scope uh for. First what is actually in scope uh for first what is actually in scope uh for the uh to to kind of mitigate this. The uh to to kind of mitigate this the uh to to kind of mitigate this problem. So like Toma was explaining. Problem. So like Toma was explaining problem. So like Toma was explaining earlier there there's actually uh two. Earlier there there's actually uh two earlier there there's actually uh two types of entries that um that u that. Types of entries that um that u that types of entries that um that u that were corrupted. Were corrupted. Were corrupted. Um they both started in the same way Um they both started in the same way Um they both started in the same way. Where they basically entries got moved where they basically entries got moved where they basically entries got moved. From the live ledger state into the from the live ledger state into the from the live ledger state into the. Archive and during that process uh archive and during that process uh archive and during that process uh. Entries got corrupted entries got corrupted entries got corrupted and then after that some of those got. And then after that some of those got and then after that some of those got restored and uh at that point they were. Restored and uh at that point they were restored and uh at that point they were restored for all sorts of purpose. It. Restored for all sorts of purpose. It restored for all sorts of purpose. It could be uh for just uh reading them. Could be uh for just uh reading them could be uh for just uh reading them like a uh you know a lot of entries on. Like a uh you know a lot of entries on like a uh you know a lot of entries on on in Sorban are just accessed uh for. On in Sorban are just accessed uh for on in Sorban are just accessed uh for for reads uh like a WAM for example is. For reads uh like a WAM for example is for reads uh like a WAM for example is an example of that. Uh others were also. An example of that. Uh others were also an example of that. Uh others were also accessed for modification. Accessed for modification. Accessed for modification. Um and uh yeah but what what the cap is Um and uh yeah but what what the cap is Um and uh yeah but what what the cap is. Uh is uh putting in scope is the only uh is uh putting in scope is the only uh is uh putting in scope is the only. The first category of of entry. So the first category of of entry. So the first category of of entry. So. Basically the ones that were moved into basically the ones that were moved into basically the ones that were moved into. The archived and kind of stayed there. The archived and kind of stayed there. The archived and kind of stayed there. Um and um Um and um Um and um the uh the solution as part of this is the uh the solution as part of this is. The uh the solution as part of this is uh is uh is to basically go and uh is uh is to basically go and. Uh is uh is to basically go and take the value uh that was supposed to take the value uh that was supposed to. Take the value uh that was supposed to be in the archive uh and then override be in the archive uh and then override. Be in the archive uh and then override the uh the archive with that expected the uh the archive with that expected. The uh the archive with that expected value. So the fix itself sounds fairly value. So the fix itself sounds fairly. Value. So the fix itself sounds fairly fairly simple. U because it is the u the fairly simple. U because it is the u the. Fairly simple. U because it is the u the bit the the bit of a challenging part bit the the bit of a challenging part. Bit the the bit of a challenging part here is um how can you all of you guys here is um how can you all of you guys. Here is um how can you all of you guys can trust us that this is the right list can trust us that this is the right list. Can trust us that this is the right list and uh there's actually quite a bit of and uh there's actually quite a bit of. And uh there's actually quite a bit of work that went into this um in in the work that went into this um in in the. Work that went into this um in in the the cap. So the there's a full list of the cap. So the there's a full list of. The cap. So the there's a full list of um of basically of uh in a CSV file uh um of basically of uh in a CSV file uh. Um of basically of uh in a CSV file uh that you will find uh where you will see that you will find uh where you will see. That you will find uh where you will see for each of those entries that end up in. For each of those entries that end up in for each of those entries that end up in. The archive we have the uh ledger number the archive we have the uh ledger number. The archive we have the uh ledger number where uh when the um the entry got moved. Where uh when the um the entry got moved where uh when the um the entry got moved. Into the archive corrupted like I said. Into the archive corrupted like I said. Into the archive corrupted like I said. So in that case we actually have in this So in that case we actually have in this. So in that case we actually have in this CSV the the value of the of the entry as. CSV the the value of the of the entry as CSV the the value of the of the entry as. It was at the moment it was about to get it was at the moment it was about to get. It was at the moment it was about to get moved. And then we also have in the same. Moved. And then we also have in the same moved. And then we also have in the same. Row uh like the value that uh of the row uh like the value that uh of the row uh like the value that uh of the. Corrupted u entry and uh and then what corrupted u entry and uh and then what corrupted u entry and uh and then what. Happens when we uh when we are going to happens when we uh when we are going to happens when we uh when we are going to. Um u follow the this cap right is the um um u follow the this cap right is the um. Um u follow the this cap right is the um core is going to to scan those entries core is going to to scan those entries. Core is going to to scan those entries one by one and see the ones that match one by one and see the ones that match. One by one and see the ones that match the corrupted state in the archive and the corrupted state in the archive and. The corrupted state in the archive and then if the if it's if it's there it then if the if it's if it's there it. Then if the if it's if it's there it should be uh because we should be uh because we. Should be uh because we also froze uh restoration at this point. Also froze uh restoration at this point. Also froze uh restoration at this point. Um then the uh the value will get um Um then the uh the value will get um Um then the uh the value will get um. Replaced by what it should have been. So replaced by what it should have been. So. Replaced by what it should have been. So that's kind of like like the uh the that's kind of like like the uh the. That's kind of like like the uh the first part I guess of uh of this fix. Uh first part I guess of uh of this fix. Uh. First part I guess of uh of this fix. Uh there's another one that's this one is there's another one that's this one is. There's another one that's this one is um actually related to this um second um actually related to this um second. Um actually related to this um second set of entries that actually got um set of entries that actually got um. Set of entries that actually got um restored. Uh that's for the total lumen restored. Uh that's for the total lumen. Restored. Uh that's for the total lumen supply. Uh they were about I think it's supply. Uh they were about I think it's. Supply. Uh they were about I think it's like three lumen around that like of uh like three lumen around that like of uh. Like three lumen around that like of uh accounting discrepancy. So in the accounting discrepancy. So in the. Accounting discrepancy. So in the proposal what we are saying is that well proposal what we are saying is that well. Proposal what we are saying is that well some lumen got um got burned in during some lumen got um got burned in during. Some lumen got um got burned in during this event this event this event um we're going to just kind of for. Um we're going to just kind of for um we're going to just kind of for accounting purpose uh move that burn as. Accounting purpose uh move that burn as accounting purpose uh move that burn as a into the fee pool. So that's kind of. A into the fee pool. So that's kind of a into the fee pool. So that's kind of what the mitigation is uh for for that. What the mitigation is uh for for that. What the mitigation is uh for for that. So in terms of like the So in terms of like the So in terms of like the the uh like I said like the so this is. The uh like I said like the so this is the uh like I said like the so this is the CSV CSV file what the what core is. The CSV CSV file what the what core is the CSV CSV file what the what core is going to do as part of like. Going to do as part of like going to do as part of like um in terms of like actual steps right. Um in terms of like actual steps right um in terms of like actual steps right to to restore the entries in the archive. To to restore the entries in the archive to to restore the entries in the archive. To the right value to the right value to the right value um in terms of like verification. So. Um in terms of like verification. So um in terms of like verification. So there like a few things uh that can be. There like a few things uh that can be there like a few things uh that can be done. There's first um there's the list. Done. There's first um there's the list done. There's first um there's the list itself. Uh this one was uh computed uh. Itself. Uh this one was uh computed uh itself. Uh this one was uh computed uh by instrumenting core and replay. By instrumenting core and replay by instrumenting core and replay all those events that are around. All those events that are around all those events that are around eviction. Eviction. Eviction. The version of core that will go out the version of core that will go out the version of core that will go out. With the protocol change will will have with the protocol change will will have with the protocol change will will have. This instrumentation this instrumentation this instrumentation and um better than that actually it will. And um better than that actually it will and um better than that actually it will. Also have a um a way to basically use also have a um a way to basically use also have a um a way to basically use. That CSV file and check that um the that CSV file and check that um the that CSV file and check that um the. Modification those um those changes are modification those um those changes are modification those um those changes are. The only changes uh that happened in the the only changes uh that happened in the. The only changes uh that happened in the in that time period. So it's kind of a in that time period. So it's kind of a. In that time period. So it's kind of a double uh you know double double use in double uh you know double double use in. Double uh you know double double use in a way where the CSV file you can use it a way where the CSV file you can use it. A way where the CSV file you can use it first to see what is the full list of of first to see what is the full list of of. First to see what is the full list of of impacted entries to also see which ones impacted entries to also see which ones. Impacted entries to also see which ones will be restored and uh you can also use will be restored and uh you can also use. Will be restored and uh you can also use that as a way to understand that what that as a way to understand that what. That as a way to understand that what will happen with protocol 24 and also will happen with protocol 24 and also. Will happen with protocol 24 and also which one which of those entries which one which of those entries. Which one which of those entries will will not be impacted by this um will will not be impacted by this um. Will will not be impacted by this um protocol. upgrade in which case they protocol. upgrade in which case they. Protocol. upgrade in which case they will stay uh corrupted as they are today will stay uh corrupted as they are today. Will stay uh corrupted as they are today on the So those are like the entries on the So those are like the entries. On the So those are like the entries that are in uh yeah that got restored so that are in uh yeah that got restored so. That are in uh yeah that got restored so those are like live entries those are like live entries. Those are like live entries so maybe I should stop here for a bit so maybe I should stop here for a bit. So maybe I should stop here for a bit see if there are like specific questions I just want to add one thing because I. I just want to add one thing because I got some questions on this earlier today got some questions on this earlier today. Got some questions on this earlier today um the the patched version of core that um the the patched version of core that. Um the the patched version of core that is currently in production by tier one is currently in production by tier one. Is currently in production by tier one validators um bans every transaction validators um bans every transaction. Validators um bans every transaction that tries to touch um any of the state that tries to touch um any of the state. That tries to touch um any of the state that's been corrupted. That's those 87 that's been corrupted. That's those 87. That's been corrupted. That's those 87 ledger entries. Uh so if for some reason ledger entries. Uh so if for some reason. Ledger entries. Uh so if for some reason uh anyone on this call or anyone you're uh anyone on this call or anyone you're. Uh anyone on this call or anyone you're talking to is uh unable to uh get a talking to is uh unable to uh get a. Talking to is uh unable to uh get a transaction in uh and and is getting a transaction in uh and and is getting a. Transaction in uh and and is getting a timeout because of um uh just getting timeout because of um uh just getting. Timeout because of um uh just getting timeout then uh this might be because uh timeout then uh this might be because uh. Timeout then uh this might be because uh you're trying to touch uh that state. Um. You're trying to touch uh that state. Um you're trying to touch uh that state. Um. And part of uh protocol 24 is removing and part of uh protocol 24 is removing and part of uh protocol 24 is removing. That ban. So, that ban is supposed to be that ban. So, that ban is supposed to be. That ban. So, that ban is supposed to be removed as soon as the protocol um is in. Removed as soon as the protocol um is in removed as soon as the protocol um is in. Effect. Uh which is right now uh effect. Uh which is right now uh effect. Uh which is right now uh. Scheduled for Wednesday uh next week uh scheduled for Wednesday uh next week uh scheduled for Wednesday uh next week uh. 5:00 p.m. EDC. &gt;&gt; And again, that's a small number small &gt;&gt; And again, that's a small number small. Number of ledger entries, right? Number of ledger entries, right? Number of ledger entries, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just for um just for context, uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just for um just for context, uh. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just for um just for context, uh you know, ledger Stellar is a database. You know, ledger Stellar is a database. You know, ledger Stellar is a database. Um you can uh you know think of these Um you can uh you know think of these Um you can uh you know think of these. Ledger entries as row rows uh in the ledger entries as row rows uh in the ledger entries as row rows uh in the. Database. Uh and Stellar has around 47 database. Uh and Stellar has around 47 database. Uh and Stellar has around 47. Million uh rows in this database. Um out million uh rows in this database. Um out. Million uh rows in this database. Um out of which um 80 um 87 um have these uh of which um 80 um 87 um have these uh. Of which um 80 um 87 um have these uh issues. &gt;&gt; There's a question will protocol 24 &gt;&gt; There's a question will protocol 24. Contain new ZK features? No. um the the contain new ZK features? No. um the the contain new ZK features? No. um the the. Features that were planned for the ZK features that were planned for the ZK features that were planned for the ZK. Features that were planned for protocol features that were planned for protocol features that were planned for protocol. 24 will now be pushed to the next 24 will now be pushed to the next 24 will now be pushed to the next. Protocol. Protocol 24 um is protocol. Protocol 24 um is protocol. Protocol 24 um is. Just a stability upgrade. Mootz has a question to clarify this cap Mootz has a question to clarify this cap. Focuses on managing the existing focuses on managing the existing focuses on managing the existing. Corrupted entries. Was there a corrupted entries. Was there a corrupted entries. Was there a. Cap/update that could be shared that cap/update that could be shared that cap/update that could be shared that. Addresses the root cause of generating addresses the root cause of generating addresses the root cause of generating. Corrupted entries? Yes. Uh definitely this uh protocol 24 Yes. Uh definitely this uh protocol 24 will fix the debug. Uh yeah, actually I. Will fix the debug. Uh yeah, actually I will fix the debug. Uh yeah, actually I I thought we included the fix itself in. I thought we included the fix itself in I thought we included the fix itself in the uh the cap. So if we didn't, I'm. The uh the cap. So if we didn't, I'm the uh the cap. So if we didn't, I'm sorry about that. But yeah, it should be. Sorry about that. But yeah, it should be sorry about that. But yeah, it should be. There. There. There. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, like we could add it to the cap for like we could add it to the cap for. Like we could add it to the cap for posterity. Like we typically don't posterity. Like we typically don't. Posterity. Like we typically don't include bug fixes in the cup because include bug fixes in the cup because. Include bug fixes in the cup because it's like two lines fix and uh you do it's like two lines fix and uh you do. It's like two lines fix and uh you do not do anything new from the protocol not do anything new from the protocol. Not do anything new from the protocol standpoint. Standpoint. Standpoint. Like you already have a cap defined for Like you already have a cap defined for Like you already have a cap defined for. This feature. The issue is not the this feature. The issue is not the this feature. The issue is not the. Protocol but the issue is that protocol but the issue is that protocol but the issue is that. Implementation was incorrect. But the implementation was incorrect. But the implementation was incorrect. But the. Cap itself is cap 62 I believe. Um so cap itself is cap 62 I believe. Um so cap itself is cap 62 I believe. Um so. You know we got added to the cap like you know we got added to the cap like you know we got added to the cap like. That we also fixing the bug but it's not that we also fixing the bug but it's not. That we also fixing the bug but it's not that historic historically done for the that historic historically done for the. That historic historically done for the bug fixes. Bug fixes. Bug fixes. Sorry about that. Of course, I asked as several people are Of course, I asked as several people are. Typing. Just to confirm, will this require a Just to confirm, will this require a network pause? No. I see there are some questions about the I see there are some questions about the. Features that were planned for protocol features that were planned for protocol features that were planned for protocol. 24 that will now be for protocol 25. If 24 that will now be for protocol 25. If 24 that will now be for protocol 25. If. You scroll up and you grab that cap, you you scroll up and you grab that cap, you. You scroll up and you grab that cap, you can actually look at the different can actually look at the different. Can actually look at the different proposals for things that relate to ZK proposals for things that relate to ZK. Proposals for things that relate to ZK features. And I think you can dig into features. And I think you can dig into. Features. And I think you can dig into those. But for now, I think we should those. But for now, I think we should. Those. But for now, I think we should kind of keep this focused on the on the kind of keep this focused on the on the. Kind of keep this focused on the on the current situation, current situation, current situation,. The current upgrade the current upgrade the current upgrade because I think it's also important. Um,. Because I think it's also important. Um, because I think it's also important. Um,. I mean, Nico, you sort of talked through I mean, Nico, you sort of talked through. I mean, Nico, you sort of talked through a lot of this, but can you just tell us a lot of this, but can you just tell us. A lot of this, but can you just tell us what happens next? So in terms of um you mean like So in terms of um you mean like implementation so and and all this. So. Implementation so and and all this. So implementation so and and all this. So like uh the team already has been um. Like uh the team already has been um like uh the team already has been um very busy uh actually implementing this. Very busy uh actually implementing this very busy uh actually implementing this u this protocol change. U this protocol change. U this protocol change. Um given the yeah the urgency of getting um given the yeah the urgency of getting. Um given the yeah the urgency of getting this uh voted as uh you know as soon as this uh voted as uh you know as soon as. This uh voted as uh you know as soon as possible so that we can you know like uh possible so that we can you know like uh. Possible so that we can you know like uh like Toma was saying part of this is like Toma was saying part of this is. Like Toma was saying part of this is um also allows the the network to to to um also allows the the network to to to. Um also allows the the network to to to uh unblock those uh those entries as uh unblock those uh those entries as. Uh unblock those uh those entries as well. So yeah it's a it's there are many well. So yeah it's a it's there are many. Well. So yeah it's a it's there are many reasons that why we want this to to reasons that why we want this to to. Reasons that why we want this to to happen as quickly as possible. Um the uh happen as quickly as possible. Um the uh. Happen as quickly as possible. Um the uh so yeah in terms of next step what's so yeah in terms of next step what's. So yeah in terms of next step what's going to happen is that so we are uh going to happen is that so we are uh. Going to happen is that so we are uh going to have builds of stellar core and going to have builds of stellar core and. Going to have builds of stellar core and the the rest of the like platform type the the rest of the like platform type. The the rest of the like platform type of software that depends directly on of software that depends directly on. Of software that depends directly on stellar core released by stellar core released by. Stellar core released by &gt;&gt; that's like Horizon RPC galaxy. &gt;&gt; that's like Horizon RPC galaxy. &gt;&gt; that's like Horizon RPC galaxy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then those will be &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then those will be. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then those will be released by Monday. Uh and then um what. Released by Monday. Uh and then um what released by Monday. Uh and then um what we expect to do is uh Tuesday will be. We expect to do is uh Tuesday will be we expect to do is uh Tuesday will be the test net upgrade to this new. The test net upgrade to this new the test net upgrade to this new protocol protocol. Protocol and then we'll get the um the vote to um and then we'll get the um the vote to um. And then we'll get the um the vote to um with with the validators to be scheduled. With with the validators to be scheduled with with the validators to be scheduled. On Wednesday and uh hopefully given that on Wednesday and uh hopefully given that. On Wednesday and uh hopefully given that we did a lot of work already with with we did a lot of work already with with. We did a lot of work already with with those validators the vote will actually those validators the vote will actually. Those validators the vote will actually be um approved and meaning that uh we'll be um approved and meaning that uh we'll. Be um approved and meaning that uh we'll be back in in business uh in general be back in in business uh in general. Be back in in business uh in general at that time at that time at that time &gt;&gt; and so just in general to prepare if. &gt;&gt; and so just in general to prepare if &gt;&gt; and so just in general to prepare if. People run infrastructure that basically people run infrastructure that basically. People run infrastructure that basically has stellar core embedded in it so has stellar core embedded in it so. Has stellar core embedded in it so either stellar core for a validator or either stellar core for a validator or. Either stellar core for a validator or those things that are on the platform those things that are on the platform. Those things that are on the platform side that Nico mentioned RPC horizon side that Nico mentioned RPC horizon. Side that Nico mentioned RPC horizon galaxy galaxy galaxy you'll need to upgrade right before the. You'll need to upgrade right before the you'll need to upgrade right before the um test net if you want to your. Um test net if you want to your um test net if you want to your infrastructure to work on test net and. Infrastructure to work on test net and infrastructure to work on test net and before the mainet floats. That means you. Before the mainet floats. That means you before the mainet floats. That means you. Have to like pick up the fixes, the the have to like pick up the fixes, the the have to like pick up the fixes, the the. New releases on Monday. But unlike other new releases on Monday. But unlike other. New releases on Monday. But unlike other protocol protocol upgrades, this doesn't. Protocol protocol upgrades, this doesn't protocol protocol upgrades, this doesn't. Require everyone to install new SDKs. Require everyone to install new SDKs. Require everyone to install new SDKs. Correct. Correct. Correct. &gt;&gt; That's correct. Yeah. It's only uh &gt;&gt; That's correct. Yeah. It's only uh. &gt;&gt; That's correct. Yeah. It's only uh there's no impact to the uh XDR in there's no impact to the uh XDR in. There's no impact to the uh XDR in particular. And because of that, that particular. And because of that, that. Particular. And because of that, that means that applications means that applications. Means that applications uh in general don't actually need to um uh in general don't actually need to um. Uh in general don't actually need to um to do anything. It's basically like to do anything. It's basically like. To do anything. It's basically like about picking up the It's already about about picking up the It's already about. About picking up the It's already about picking up the right version of core at picking up the right version of core at. Picking up the right version of core at this point. This point. This point. The reason we have to upgrade um systems The reason we have to upgrade um systems. The reason we have to upgrade um systems like RPC uh and Horizon is because uh like RPC uh and Horizon is because uh. Like RPC uh and Horizon is because uh there's actually a check in the those there's actually a check in the those. There's actually a check in the those systems that uh that check that the systems that uh that check that the. Systems that uh that check that the protocol version protocol version protocol version. That core is um that the network is that core is um that the network is that core is um that the network is. Running on. So in this case it will you running on. So in this case it will you running on. So in this case it will you. Know after the vote it will switch to know after the vote it will switch to know after the vote it will switch to. 24. 24. 24. Um so like the systems are actually Um so like the systems are actually Um so like the systems are actually. Built with a safety in place that they built with a safety in place that they built with a safety in place that they. Will only ingest data from a protocol will only ingest data from a protocol will only ingest data from a protocol. That they understand. Um and so that they understand. Um and so that they understand. Um and so. Basically this is this constant and basically this is this constant and basically this is this constant and. That's the only uh that's the only that's the only uh that's the only that's the only uh that's the only. Change really in those downstream change really in those downstream change really in those downstream. Systems. Systems. Systems. &gt;&gt; I'd like to answer uh Adam's question. &gt;&gt; I'd like to answer uh Adam's question. &gt;&gt; I'd like to answer uh Adam's question. Uh so Adam asked if a reserve asset uh Uh so Adam asked if a reserve asset uh Uh so Adam asked if a reserve asset uh. Is added to the pool um they are tokens is added to the pool um they are tokens is added to the pool um they are tokens. Created inside the contract it won't created inside the contract it won't created inside the contract it won't. Require a deposit of the actual assets require a deposit of the actual assets require a deposit of the actual assets. To reconcile. Um so we did have um a few to reconcile. Um so we did have um a few. To reconcile. Um so we did have um a few of these ledger entries ended up being of these ledger entries ended up being. Of these ledger entries ended up being ledger entries that relate to um to ledger entries that relate to um to. Ledger entries that relate to um to liquidity pools. Um and the remediation liquidity pools. Um and the remediation. Liquidity pools. Um and the remediation u is a bit different between different u is a bit different between different. U is a bit different between different pools and different assets. Uh so for pools and different assets. Uh so for. Pools and different assets. Uh so for some assets uh that uh changed um some assets uh that uh changed um. Some assets uh that uh changed um imbalance uh if they have a centralized imbalance uh if they have a centralized. Imbalance uh if they have a centralized issuer it was fairly uh simple to issuer it was fairly uh simple to. Issuer it was fairly uh simple to basically add uh the backing asset uh basically add uh the backing asset uh. Basically add uh the backing asset uh and and offchain so that they can and and offchain so that they can. And and offchain so that they can reconcile uh the issue. Um in some uh reconcile uh the issue. Um in some uh. Reconcile uh the issue. Um in some uh other situations it was it was um uh other situations it was it was um uh. Other situations it was it was um uh almost trivial to to burn uh if if there almost trivial to to burn uh if if there. Almost trivial to to burn uh if if there was a eronous uh credit um for uh some was a eronous uh credit um for uh some. Was a eronous uh credit um for uh some pools some liquidity pools are sorry are pools some liquidity pools are sorry are. Pools some liquidity pools are sorry are implemented in different ways. Uh so for. Implemented in different ways. Uh so for implemented in different ways. Uh so for. Example um the Aquarius pool is example um the Aquarius pool is example um the Aquarius pool is. Implemented in a way in which uh implemented in a way in which uh implemented in a way in which uh. Actually adding an asset uh doesn't uh actually adding an asset uh doesn't uh actually adding an asset uh doesn't uh. Change uh the price or anything because change uh the price or anything because change uh the price or anything because. Aquarius has like internal tracking of Aquarius has like internal tracking of Aquarius has like internal tracking of. The of the reserves and so manually the of the reserves and so manually the of the reserves and so manually. Adding a reserve doesn't actually uh adding a reserve doesn't actually uh adding a reserve doesn't actually uh. Impact price and and and that added impact price and and and that added impact price and and and that added. Balance is is unusable. uh it's not it's balance is is unusable. uh it's not it's. Balance is is unusable. uh it's not it's not like that for for source swap and so. Not like that for for source swap and so not like that for for source swap and so. It's really different assets and it's really different assets and it's really different assets and. Different protocols um like found different protocols um like found different protocols um like found. Different ways to fix it. Uh but again different ways to fix it. Uh but again different ways to fix it. Uh but again. We've talked to pretty much every we've talked to pretty much every we've talked to pretty much every. Affected um protocol and issuer um and affected um protocol and issuer um and affected um protocol and issuer um and. Ensured that all of them uh have ways to ensured that all of them uh have ways to. Ensured that all of them uh have ways to fix the situation in the context of fix the situation in the context of. Fix the situation in the context of these um 77 ledger entries. Sorry, I these um 77 ledger entries. Sorry, I. These um 77 ledger entries. Sorry, I said the wrong number before. It's 77, said the wrong number before. It's 77,. Said the wrong number before. It's 77, not 87. Uh and I can't stress enough how uh Uh and I can't stress enough how uh helpful every uh protocol and asset. Helpful every uh protocol and asset helpful every uh protocol and asset issuer have been. Uh, I think we started. Issuer have been. Uh, I think we started issuer have been. Uh, I think we started. Reaching out Friday night and Saturday reaching out Friday night and Saturday reaching out Friday night and Saturday. Morning and we've and everyone has been morning and we've and everyone has been morning and we've and everyone has been. Extremely extremely extremely um understanding and and collaborative um understanding and and collaborative. Um understanding and and collaborative and and it's awesome to see the and and it's awesome to see the. And and it's awesome to see the ecosystem come together like this. I see there's still some people typing I see there's still some people typing in the chat. Um,. In the chat. Um, in the chat. Um, if the questions wind down is I think a if the questions wind down is I think a. If the questions wind down is I think a lot of it's just uh sort of comments. Lot of it's just uh sort of comments. Lot of it's just uh sort of comments. I'd say if you have a question, get it I'd say if you have a question, get it I'd say if you have a question, get it. In now. It's telling me orbit lens has a It's telling me orbit lens has a question, but Orbit asked, "Do we need. Question, but Orbit asked, "Do we need question, but Orbit asked, "Do we need to update the RPCs as well?" Uh and uh. To update the RPCs as well?" Uh and uh to update the RPCs as well?" Uh and uh George from the platform team said yes. George from the platform team said yes. George from the platform team said yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Is there a technical reason this must be Is there a technical reason this must be. A protocol version upgrade instead of a a protocol version upgrade instead of a a protocol version upgrade instead of a. Patch release? Well, yes. Uh, like it's a it's a it's Well, yes. Uh, like it's a it's a it's an update to the ledger and because of. An update to the ledger and because of an update to the ledger and because of that it has to happen basically on all. That it has to happen basically on all that it has to happen basically on all machines at once. It was going to be. Machines at once. It was going to be machines at once. It was going to be like a patch release. Um, yeah, we would. Like a patch release. Um, yeah, we would like a patch release. Um, yeah, we would. Only be able to kind of the the change only be able to kind of the the change only be able to kind of the the change. Would happen basically on like whatever would happen basically on like whatever would happen basically on like whatever. Machine is running right on that with machine is running right on that with machine is running right on that with. That patch version. Is this recorded for playback, Carsten? Is this recorded for playback, Carsten? Yes, correct. Yeah, I would say in general if you know Yeah, I would say in general if you know. You have further questions or it's a you have further questions or it's a you have further questions or it's a. Good idea to read that blog. It just good idea to read that blog. It just good idea to read that blog. It just. Came out I think an hour ago, maybe even came out I think an hour ago, maybe even. Came out I think an hour ago, maybe even less. And also to read the the CAP. Um, less. And also to read the the CAP. Um,. Less. And also to read the the CAP. Um, and in general, I think if you're and in general, I think if you're. And in general, I think if you're interested in in these kinds of issues, interested in in these kinds of issues,. Interested in in these kinds of issues, make sure that you pay attention here or make sure that you pay attention here or. Make sure that you pay attention here or sign up for the Stellar Dev mailing sign up for the Stellar Dev mailing. Sign up for the Stellar Dev mailing list. Make sure that you pay attention list. Make sure that you pay attention. List. Make sure that you pay attention to the caps. Um, we do try to be as to the caps. Um, we do try to be as. To the caps. Um, we do try to be as transparent about any of these changes transparent about any of these changes. Transparent about any of these changes as possible. And obviously we you know as possible. And obviously we you know. As possible. And obviously we you know through all of this we we not only through all of this we we not only. Through all of this we we not only couldn't make a decision without all the couldn't make a decision without all the. Couldn't make a decision without all the feedback from the ecosystem about what feedback from the ecosystem about what. Feedback from the ecosystem about what to implement but implementation is just to implement but implementation is just. To implement but implementation is just one step in governance and the actual one step in governance and the actual. One step in governance and the actual adoption of a protocol change on the adoption of a protocol change on the. Adoption of a protocol change on the network requires validators to vote it network requires validators to vote it. Network requires validators to vote it in. So in all of this we we always are in. So in all of this we we always are. In. So in all of this we we always are trying to talk to people including you trying to talk to people including you. Trying to talk to people including you know this call but also online and uh know this call but also online and uh. Know this call but also online and uh various other platforms and we're trying various other platforms and we're trying. Various other platforms and we're trying to like put the work out there in a to like put the work out there in a. To like put the work out there in a place where you can examine it and place where you can examine it and. Place where you can examine it and understand it and we certainly encourage understand it and we certainly encourage. Understand it and we certainly encourage you to do that. In fact, with the CAP, you to do that. In fact, with the CAP,. You to do that. In fact, with the CAP, um there's a whole process for core um there's a whole process for core. Um there's a whole process for core advancement proposals and uh as part of advancement proposals and uh as part of. Advancement proposals and uh as part of it, we put them into final comment it, we put them into final comment. It, we put them into final comment period. And because of the urgency here, period. And because of the urgency here,. Period. And because of the urgency here, we just fast forwarded this to um final we just fast forwarded this to um final. We just fast forwarded this to um final comment period. Uh and so it's it's comment period. Uh and so it's it's. Comment period. Uh and so it's it's going to stay in final comment period, going to stay in final comment period,. Going to stay in final comment period, which means that you can write about it which means that you can write about it. Which means that you can write about it on on the Stellar Dev mailing list until on on the Stellar Dev mailing list until. On on the Stellar Dev mailing list until the time that the validator vote the time that the validator vote. The time that the validator vote happens, which should be on Wednesday. Happens, which should be on Wednesday. Happens, which should be on Wednesday. So, this cap is officially in final So, this cap is officially in final So, this cap is officially in final. Comment period. You know, we definitely comment period. You know, we definitely comment period. You know, we definitely. Urge you to take a look if you have urge you to take a look if you have urge you to take a look if you have. Anything to say to add it. Orbit is pointing out the short Orbit is pointing out the short timeline. Yeah, it is a short timeline. I agree. Yeah, it is a short timeline. I agree. Um, yeah, like uh Um, yeah, like uh Um, yeah, like uh the uh reason we the uh reason we. The uh reason we we are still kind we think this is best we are still kind we think this is best. We are still kind we think this is best for the ecosystem is that we are for the ecosystem is that we are. For the ecosystem is that we are actually giving at this point like um actually giving at this point like um. Actually giving at this point like um yeah like a you know almost a week uh yeah like a you know almost a week uh. Yeah like a you know almost a week uh notice that this is coming. So the notice that this is coming. So the. Notice that this is coming. So the people should be able to to prepare people should be able to to prepare. People should be able to to prepare ahead of uh you know and allocate those ahead of uh you know and allocate those. Ahead of uh you know and allocate those uh two days for upgrading their uh two days for upgrading their. Uh two days for upgrading their infrastructure. Infrastructure. Infrastructure. I think given the the severity of I think given the the severity of I think given the the severity of. Uh of having those uh those entries uh uh of having those uh those entries uh uh of having those uh those entries uh. Blocked uh I think this is the probably blocked uh I think this is the probably blocked uh I think this is the probably. The right trade-off. Nico, Nico, &gt;&gt; can you what will the experience be like &gt;&gt; can you what will the experience be like. &gt;&gt; can you what will the experience be like for somebody that needs to upgrade their. For somebody that needs to upgrade their for somebody that needs to upgrade their. RPC? RPC? RPC? Will it be difficult? Will it be difficult? Will it be difficult? &gt;&gt; So like Yeah. No to upgrade this is uh &gt;&gt; So like Yeah. No to upgrade this is uh. &gt;&gt; So like Yeah. No to upgrade this is uh basically uh just like doing a a regular. Basically uh just like doing a a regular basically uh just like doing a a regular. Kind of a software package update. U kind of a software package update. U kind of a software package update. U. There's uh really no other steps to there's uh really no other steps to there's uh really no other steps to. Take. Uh and for people that don't I take. Uh and for people that don't I take. Uh and for people that don't I. Think you mentioned that earlier the think you mentioned that earlier the think you mentioned that earlier the. This um that core instance will uh will this um that core instance will uh will this um that core instance will uh will. Will get stuck until u until the package will get stuck until u until the package. Will get stuck until u until the package gets updated. Gets updated. Gets updated. It's not going to do like some strange It's not going to do like some strange It's not going to do like some strange. Things. It's just going to to or anything to add? Or anything to add? I think there were question I saw a I think there were question I saw a I think there were question I saw a. Question that I don't think we we can question that I don't think we we can question that I don't think we we can. Really answer to that directly like uh really answer to that directly like uh really answer to that directly like uh. On potential impact of like for specific on potential impact of like for specific. On potential impact of like for specific protocols. I think um yeah th those protocols. I think um yeah th those. Protocols. I think um yeah th those those um need to be um answered by uh those um need to be um answered by uh. Those um need to be um answered by uh those protocols themselves. Those protocols themselves. Those protocols themselves. Like the assessment, you know, that we Like the assessment, you know, that we Like the assessment, you know, that we. Got from from basically everyone at this got from from basically everyone at this. Got from from basically everyone at this point is that uh people are going to be point is that uh people are going to be. Point is that uh people are going to be able to mitigate uh for the most part able to mitigate uh for the most part. Able to mitigate uh for the most part the the impact of this corruption. Well, I'll give it a few more minutes Well, I'll give it a few more minutes for some of these comments or questions. For some of these comments or questions for some of these comments or questions to come in. Know where the bug came from slash how know where the bug came from slash how it got in? &gt;&gt; I mean like um bugs or bugs. Yeah, it's &gt;&gt; I mean like um bugs or bugs. Yeah, it's. Kind of a they're always sad. Uh what I kind of a they're always sad. Uh what I kind of a they're always sad. Uh what I. Can say is that yeah we had multiple can say is that yeah we had multiple can say is that yeah we had multiple. Rounds of code review. We had Well, Well, feel a little bit more typing. It seems to be witicisms more than It seems to be witicisms more than questions. Thank you for being so responsive to fix Thank you for being so responsive to fix. The issue. That's uh that's really nice. The issue. That's uh that's really nice. The issue. That's uh that's really nice. Yes. Again, I also want to say echo what Yes. Again, I also want to say echo what. Yes. Again, I also want to say echo what Tor said before. This has been like a Tor said before. This has been like a. Tor said before. This has been like a really cool moment where really cool moment where. Really cool moment where a lot of engineers at SDF, but also a a lot of engineers at SDF, but also a. A lot of engineers at SDF, but also a lot of people in the ecosystem have lot of people in the ecosystem have. Lot of people in the ecosystem have really stood up and provided really stood up and provided. Really stood up and provided information, given opinions, given information, given opinions, given. Information, given opinions, given feedback, reviewed data, done their own feedback, reviewed data, done their own. Feedback, reviewed data, done their own analysis. And so this is like, you know, analysis. And so this is like, you know,. Analysis. And so this is like, you know, for what it's worth, it really does show. For what it's worth, it really does show for what it's worth, it really does show. That there is just an ability to be that there is just an ability to be that there is just an ability to be. Super responsive in general across the super responsive in general across the super responsive in general across the. Ecosystem. Yeah, if you're not following over there Yeah, if you're not following over there. There in the cap, there's actually a there in the cap, there's actually a there in the cap, there's actually a. List CSV file that has all the different list CSV file that has all the different. List CSV file that has all the different columns that got restored. So, you can columns that got restored. So, you can. Columns that got restored. So, you can actually look at all the restored actually look at all the restored. Actually look at all the restored entries. Um, Or you can do some stuff with the RPC. Or you can do some stuff with the RPC. Look at that. We're learning here and Look at that. We're learning here and Look at that. We're learning here and. Sharpening our honing our chops. Yeah, that's correct. Right now, all you Yeah, that's correct. Right now, all you. Will get is a timeout from if you try to will get is a timeout from if you try to. Will get is a timeout from if you try to interact with one of those entries. Interact with one of those entries. Interact with one of those entries. I see somebody said and may maybe this I see somebody said and may maybe this I see somebody said and may maybe this. Was a joke. I can't tell. It says or was a joke. I can't tell. It says or was a joke. I can't tell. It says or. Not, I guess there's no way to tell. So, not, I guess there's no way to tell. So,. Not, I guess there's no way to tell. So, this isn't going to cause Stellar to this isn't going to cause Stellar to. This isn't going to cause Stellar to fork. Fork. Fork. No, this Well, I that's a tricky No, this Well, I that's a tricky No, this Well, I that's a tricky. Construction because there's a negative construction because there's a negative construction because there's a negative. In there. Um, this will not cause in there. Um, this will not cause in there. Um, this will not cause. Stellar to fork. Stellar to fork. Stellar to fork. That's my statement. I'm trying to even think through how how I'm trying to even think through how how. It possibly would. I I don't I can't it possibly would. I I don't I can't it possibly would. I I don't I can't. Even picture how it might Yeah, again the the the important I mean Yeah, again the the the important I mean. The place where we are right now like the place where we are right now like the place where we are right now like. The issue was identified the issue was identified the issue was identified the functionality was turned off. The functionality was turned off the functionality was turned off impacted ledger entries were temporarily. Impacted ledger entries were temporarily impacted ledger entries were temporarily. Quarantined quarantined quarantined fix will basically fix will basically fix will basically. Allow them to be uncaranted. and and allow them to be uncaranted. and and allow them to be uncaranted. and and. Allow the any of the ledger entries that allow the any of the ledger entries that. Allow the any of the ledger entries that are currently archived when they get are currently archived when they get. Are currently archived when they get restored they'll be restored correctly I restored they'll be restored correctly I. Restored they'll be restored correctly I believe is is where we're at but again believe is is where we're at but again. Believe is is where we're at but again all of that is is an implementation all of that is is an implementation. All of that is is an implementation based on feedback from the ecosystem it based on feedback from the ecosystem it. Based on feedback from the ecosystem it actually requires validator validator actually requires validator validator. Actually requires validator validator ascent through a programmatic vote on ascent through a programmatic vote on. Ascent through a programmatic vote on the network to go live and take effect. It looks like Adam was experiencing a It looks like Adam was experiencing a timeout message. Timeout message timeout message to save you from yourself. Okay, cool. I feel like we're winding Okay, cool. I feel like we're winding down. Um,. Down. Um, down. Um, and again, uh, some takeaways, read the and again, uh, some takeaways, read the. And again, uh, some takeaways, read the blog, read the cap caps and final blog, read the cap caps and final. Blog, read the cap caps and final comment period, join the stellar dev comment period, join the stellar dev. Comment period, join the stellar dev mailing list if you want to leave a mailing list if you want to leave a. Mailing list if you want to leave a comment. Look at that thread that comment. Look at that thread that. Comment. Look at that thread that persists about the issue. If you have persists about the issue. If you have. Persists about the issue. If you have questions or an experience that you want questions or an experience that you want. Questions or an experience that you want to share, to share, to share, we will try to keep you updated as new. We will try to keep you updated as new we will try to keep you updated as new things happen. Um again we have sort of. Things happen. Um again we have sort of things happen. Um again we have sort of it seems like there is social consensus. It seems like there is social consensus it seems like there is social consensus on a path forward for a fix which is. On a path forward for a fix which is on a path forward for a fix which is what is um captured in that cap. Uh as. What is um captured in that cap. Uh as what is um captured in that cap. Uh as the stellar core team implements a. The stellar core team implements a the stellar core team implements a solution and it becomes available we. Solution and it becomes available we solution and it becomes available we will let you know and shortly thereafter. Will let you know and shortly thereafter will let you know and shortly thereafter. We will try to upgrade the network. To we will try to upgrade the network. To we will try to upgrade the network. To. Orbit's point it's a very short time orbit's point it's a very short time orbit's point it's a very short time. Frame for that to happen. So, we're frame for that to happen. So, we're frame for that to happen. So, we're. Starting to talk to people now to let starting to talk to people now to let starting to talk to people now to let. Them know, but once this all the them know, but once this all the them know, but once this all the. Software is released, the actual upgrade software is released, the actual upgrade. Software is released, the actual upgrade process from a from an operational point. Process from a from an operational point process from a from an operational point. Of view should be pretty of view should be pretty of view should be pretty straightforward. Um, so yeah, I I really. Straightforward. Um, so yeah, I I really straightforward. Um, so yeah, I I really. Appreciate you all for joining this and appreciate you all for joining this and appreciate you all for joining this and. Maybe under different circumstances we maybe under different circumstances we maybe under different circumstances we. Can just hang and chat again sometime. Can just hang and chat again sometime. Can just hang and chat again sometime. This was nice. This was nice. This was nice. Thank you all.
