Okay let's get started so happy okay let's get started so happy Thursday everyone this is Soroban design. Thursday everyone this is Soroban design Thursday everyone this is Soroban design. Discussion an open protocol meeting in discussion an open protocol meeting in discussion an open protocol meeting in. Which we discuss design decisions for which we discuss design decisions for. Which we discuss design decisions for the Thor law and smart contracts the Thor law and smart contracts. The Thor law and smart contracts platform to be launched very soon platform to be launched very soon . Platform to be launched very soon today we're going to be talking about today we're going to be talking about . Today we're going to be talking about State exploration so without further State exploration so without further. State exploration so without further Ado I'm gonna hand it over to Garand yeah so I know we haven't talked. Yeah so I know we haven't talked about the expiration in a second but I about the expiration in a second but I. About the expiration in a second but I think before we were kind of talking think before we were kind of talking. Think before we were kind of talking high level what the interface wanted high level what the interface wanted. High level what the interface wanted to be and then now we're actually to be and then now we're actually. To be and then now we're actually starting to implement pieces of it and starting to implement pieces of it and. Starting to implement pieces of it and so kind of the timeline for this is so kind of the timeline for this is. So kind of the timeline for this is first we're going to start charging for first we're going to start charging for. First we're going to start charging for rent on futurenet but not actually have rent on futurenet but not actually have. Rent on futurenet but not actually have any penalties for a rent balance of zero any penalties for a rent balance of zero. Any penalties for a rent balance of zero or negative just so that we can make or negative just so that we can make. Or negative just so that we can make sure that you know the the rent is sure that you know the the rent is. Sure that you know the the rent is being charged correct and that sort of being charged correct and that sort of. Being charged correct and that sort of stuff Next Step will then be to add stuff Next Step will then be to add. Stuff Next Step will then be to add ways to a bump rent but again still ways to a bump rent but again still. Ways to a bump rent but again still with no consequences on futurenet and with no consequences on futurenet and. With no consequences on futurenet and then once we have the the rent bump then once we have the the rent bump. Then once we have the the rent bump and the rent charging correctly and the rent charging correctly. And the rent charging correctly implemented will actually enable implemented will actually enable . Implemented will actually enable consequences and essentially what that consequences and essentially what that. Consequences and essentially what that means is that an entry will need to have means is that an entry will need to have. Means is that an entry will need to have a non-zero or non-negative rent balance a non-zero or non-negative rent balance. A non-zero or non-negative rent balance to be usable but we still won't actually to be usable but we still won't actually. To be usable but we still won't actually be sending entries to the archive and be sending entries to the archive and. Be sending entries to the archive and doing them from The Ledger for some time doing them from The Ledger for some time. Doing them from The Ledger for some time still in addition to that once the rent still in addition to that once the rent. Still in addition to that once the rent system is in place we'll then roll out system is in place we'll then roll out. System is in place we'll then roll out temporary entries which are the entry temporary entries which are the entry. Temporary entries which are the entry types that have a TTL that expire after types that have a TTL that expire after. Types that have a TTL that expire after a certain amount of ledgers and the CTL a certain amount of ledgers and the CTL. A certain amount of ledgers and the CTL is variable and so I know we've talked is variable and so I know we've talked. Is variable and so I know we've talked about kind of like at a high level about kind of like at a high level. About kind of like at a high level but we're actually starting to but we're actually starting to. but we're actually starting to implement this rent stuff and so there's implement this rent stuff and so there's. Implement this rent stuff and so there's a couple of open questions both in the a couple of open questions both in the. A couple of open questions both in the rent proposal and in the temporary rent proposal and in the temporary. Rent proposal and in the temporary storage proposal that we want to talk storage proposal that we want to talk. Storage proposal that we want to talk about in detail about in detail about in detail. So when we initially talked we didn't so when we initially talked we didn't so when we initially talked we didn't. Have automatic rent payments on access have automatic rent payments on access have automatic rent payments on access. And this was an implementation issue and this was an implementation issue and this was an implementation issue. With the way the bucket list is with the way the bucket list is with the way the bucket list is. Structured however now we've changed the structured however now we've changed the. Structured however now we've changed the way in which we actually record rent way in which we actually record rent. Way in which we actually record rent balances on Ledger and so we can bump balances on Ledger and so we can bump. Balances on Ledger and so we can bump rent on every access and so with that in rent on every access and so with that in. Rent on every access and so with that in mind we've changed the way that we mind we've changed the way that we. Mind we've changed the way that we structure run payments how it currently structure run payments how it currently. Structure run payments how it currently looks is every data accessed in a smart looks is every data accessed in a smart. Looks is every data accessed in a smart contract call receives some small contract call receives some small. Contract call receives some small Baseline rent bump Baseline rent bump Baseline rent bump. this isn't expected to be a very this isn't expected to be a very this isn't expected to be a very. Large rent bump but it's something small large rent bump but it's something small. Large rent bump but it's something small and automatic now this includes not only. And automatic now this includes not only and automatic now this includes not only. Contract data that's accessed but also contract data that's accessed but also contract data that's accessed but also. The contract instance itself and also the contract instance itself and also the contract instance itself and also. The contract wasm code and so this also the contract wasm code and so this also the contract wasm code and so this also. Allows you to bump the smart contract allows you to bump the smart contract allows you to bump the smart contract. Itself and the smart contract code itself and the smart contract code itself and the smart contract code. Without needing any extra intervention without needing any extra intervention without needing any extra intervention. Or anything or anything or anything and because this is a small incremental and because this is a small incremental. And because this is a small incremental bump that's bumped automatically it bump that's bumped automatically it. Bump that's bumped automatically it means that smart contracts and entries means that smart contracts and entries. Means that smart contracts and entries that are used frequently don't really that are used frequently don't really. That are used frequently don't really need to worry about rent you know need to worry about rent you know. Need to worry about rent you know something like usdc that's used every something like usdc that's used every. Something like usdc that's used every day will have enough rent balance via day will have enough rent balance via. Day will have enough rent balance via these automatic bumps to never have to these automatic bumps to never have to. These automatic bumps to never have to worry about doing a manual run bump worry about doing a manual run bump. Worry about doing a manual run bump and so this automatic interface is a lot and so this automatic interface is a lot. And so this automatic interface is a lot easier and covers a lot of the weird easier and covers a lot of the weird. Easier and covers a lot of the weird cases in ux cases in ux cases in ux kind of pain points that we were. kind of pain points that we were kind of pain points that we were seeing before when we didn't have these. Seeing before when we didn't have these seeing before when we didn't have these automatic ram pumps now the open. Automatic ram pumps now the open automatic ram pumps now the open question here is with regards is what do. Question here is with regards is what do question here is with regards is what do. We want to do we want to do we want to do to in addition to having these to in addition to having these. to in addition to having these automatic ramp bumps what interface do automatic ramp bumps what interface do. Automatic ramp bumps what interface do we want to expose for the quote-unquote we want to expose for the quote-unquote. We want to expose for the quote-unquote manual rent bumps manual rent bumps manual rent bumps. And so this we have two kind of fields and so this we have two kind of fields and so this we have two kind of fields. Of thought here of thought here of thought here so what a manual run bump is is say you. So what a manual run bump is is say you so what a manual run bump is is say you have an entry that's not accessed very. Have an entry that's not accessed very have an entry that's not accessed very often so you have like a token balance. Often so you have like a token balance often so you have like a token balance that you only use every six months or. That you only use every six months or that you only use every six months or one year but when you use it you want it. One year but when you use it you want it one year but when you use it you want it. To be accessible very fast and so you to be accessible very fast and so you to be accessible very fast and so you. Want to be I'm not in the archive and want to be I'm not in the archive and want to be I'm not in the archive and. Remain on The Ledger so automatic rent remain on The Ledger so automatic rent remain on The Ledger so automatic rent. Bumps are not sufficient for this use bumps are not sufficient for this use bumps are not sufficient for this use. Case because you're not accessing it case because you're not accessing it case because you're not accessing it. Very often and so the automatic rent very often and so the automatic rent very often and so the automatic rent. Bumps aren't large enough to keep this bumps aren't large enough to keep this bumps aren't large enough to keep this. wallet or this token balance on The wallet or this token balance on The wallet or this token balance on The. Ledger and so we want an interface where Ledger and so we want an interface where. Ledger and so we want an interface where a user can do a explicit manual rent a user can do a explicit manual rent. A user can do a explicit manual rent bump instead of doing the small bump instead of doing the small. Bump instead of doing the small incremental run bump say I want six incremental run bump say I want six. Incremental run bump say I want six months or one year or 10 years or months or one year or 10 years or. Months or one year or 10 years or something like that of rent for this something like that of rent for this. Something like that of rent for this entry entry entry and so kind of the two ways to do that. And so kind of the two ways to do that and so kind of the two ways to do that are either a via a manual operation. Are either a via a manual operation are either a via a manual operation where the invoker of the operation. Where the invoker of the operation where the invoker of the operation specifies the set of keys that they want. Specifies the set of keys that they want specifies the set of keys that they want. To bump to bump to bump and so this is the the most manual and so this is the the most manual. And so this is the the most manual approach but it's also approach but it's also approach but it's also. Has some benefits one of the significant has some benefits one of the significant. Has some benefits one of the significant drawbacks though is that the user drawbacks though is that the user. Drawbacks though is that the user calling this function needs to know what calling this function needs to know what. Calling this function needs to know what key belongs to them which isn't always key belongs to them which isn't always. Key belongs to them which isn't always easy so in for instance in a token easy so in for instance in a token. Easy so in for instance in a token contract you may be able to have just contract you may be able to have just. Contract you may be able to have just one entry and one key for each user's one entry and one key for each user's. One entry and one key for each user's balance that's relatively easy to balance that's relatively easy to. Balance that's relatively easy to discover you know like whatever my discover you know like whatever my . Discover you know like whatever my balance key is on usdc but there may be balance key is on usdc but there may be. Balance key is on usdc but there may be other entries that are also associated other entries that are also associated. Other entries that are also associated with your account in addition to that with your account in addition to that. With your account in addition to that balance entry so for instance a token balance entry so for instance a token. Balance entry so for instance a token contract may also have a nonce that's contract may also have a nonce that's. Contract may also have a nonce that's required to do transactions with your required to do transactions with your. Required to do transactions with your token balance and if a user only knows token balance and if a user only knows. Token balance and if a user only knows about the token balance ID but doesn't about the token balance ID but doesn't. About the token balance ID but doesn't know about the non-sid they may pay a know about the non-sid they may pay a. Know about the non-sid they may pay a bunch of rent on their token balance and bunch of rent on their token balance and. Bunch of rent on their token balance and have that active on The Ledger but then have that active on The Ledger but then. Have that active on The Ledger but then in six months when they want to do their in six months when they want to do their. In six months when they want to do their transaction they didn't pay rent on the transaction they didn't pay rent on the. Transaction they didn't pay rent on the non-century and so they still have to non-century and so they still have to. Non-century and so they still have to wait to get the nonce value out of the wait to get the nonce value out of the. Wait to get the nonce value out of the archive archive archive and so one approach to this is to allow. And so one approach to this is to allow and so one approach to this is to allow the contract to Define rent bump. The contract to Define rent bump the contract to Define rent bump behavior and we do this by exposing a. Behavior and we do this by exposing a behavior and we do this by exposing a rep bump host function to the smart. Rep bump host function to the smart rep bump host function to the smart contracts and what this allows contracts. Contracts and what this allows contracts contracts and what this allows contracts. To do is to codify on the contract to do is to codify on the contract to do is to codify on the contract. Itself rent bump behavior in addition to itself rent bump behavior in addition to. Itself rent bump behavior in addition to the automatic rent bumps and so in our the automatic rent bumps and so in our. The automatic rent bumps and so in our token contract example say that there is token contract example say that there is. Token contract example say that there is both a rent balance and also a nonce both a rent balance and also a nonce. Both a rent balance and also a nonce that are have separate Keys now I'm not that are have separate Keys now I'm not. That are have separate Keys now I'm not saying this is a the most efficient saying this is a the most efficient. Saying this is a the most efficient approach but this is an approach approach but this is an approach. Approach but this is an approach and so what the contract could do is it and so what the contract could do is it. And so what the contract could do is it could Define a bump my account function could Define a bump my account function. Could Define a bump my account function and this bumped my account function I and this bumped my account function I. And this bumped my account function I will use the host function to bump both will use the host function to bump both. Will use the host function to bump both the token balance and also the nonce the token balance and also the nonce. The token balance and also the nonce value associated with the user and so in value associated with the user and so in. Value associated with the user and so in this way the user can just call the bump. This way the user can just call the bump this way the user can just call the bump. My account or about my account function my account or about my account function my account or about my account function. And then bump their account by six and then bump their account by six and then bump their account by six. Months a year the specified amount or months a year the specified amount or months a year the specified amount or. However much is codified in the smart however much is codified in the smart however much is codified in the smart. Contract and this allows the smart contract and this allows the smart contract and this allows the smart. Contract developers to abstract away a contract developers to abstract away a contract developers to abstract away a. Lot of the Run interface to the user and lot of the Run interface to the user and. Lot of the Run interface to the user and so the user still can bump run manually so the user still can bump run manually. So the user still can bump run manually but doesn't need to know exactly what but doesn't need to know exactly what. But doesn't need to know exactly what entries belong to them exactly what keys entries belong to them exactly what keys. Entries belong to them exactly what keys belong to them so it's a significantly belong to them so it's a significantly. Belong to them so it's a significantly easier user experience and also allows easier user experience and also allows. Easier user experience and also allows the contract to Define some sort of the contract to Define some sort of . The contract to Define some sort of automatic behavior in addition to that automatic behavior in addition to that. Automatic behavior in addition to that supplied by the protocol so for instance supplied by the protocol so for instance. Supplied by the protocol so for instance the protocol might say a bump every the protocol might say a bump every. The protocol might say a bump every access by 10 ledgers worth of rent but access by 10 ledgers worth of rent but. Access by 10 ledgers worth of rent but then the smart contract developer might then the smart contract developer might. Then the smart contract developer might say oh for my use case I want to say oh for my use case I want to. Say oh for my use case I want to automatically Bump by a 100 or a automatically Bump by a 100 or a. Automatically Bump by a 100 or a thousand Ledger entries and so they can thousand Ledger entries and so they can. Thousand Ledger entries and so they can use this rent bump host function to use this rent bump host function to. Use this rent bump host function to Define additional rent bump behavior in Define additional rent bump behavior in. Define additional rent bump behavior in addition to that automatic rent bump addition to that automatic rent bump. Addition to that automatic rent bump that the protocol has that the protocol has that the protocol has. Now even the the benefits that this can now even the the benefits that this can now even the the benefits that this can. Provide a better user experience but provide a better user experience but provide a better user experience but. This opens the door to either malicious this opens the door to either malicious this opens the door to either malicious. Griefing or just accidental overspending griefing or just accidental overspending. Griefing or just accidental overspending of fees of fees of fees this is kind of dangerous because it. This is kind of dangerous because it this is kind of dangerous because it allows the contract to Define arbitrary. Allows the contract to Define arbitrary allows the contract to Define arbitrary rent to take from the user's transaction. Rent to take from the user's transaction rent to take from the user's transaction. Fee fee fee and so this can't be gamed in a and so this can't be gamed in a and so this can't be gamed in a. Malicious way because there's no malicious way because there's no malicious way because there's no. Financial benefit Financial benefit Financial benefit to paying a bunch of rent for other. to paying a bunch of rent for other to paying a bunch of rent for other entries. Entries entries like there is no way for the attacker to like there is no way for the attacker to. Like there is no way for the attacker to steal rent fees in any way but this steal rent fees in any way but this. Steal rent fees in any way but this could be a griefing aspect where a could be a griefing aspect where a. Could be a griefing aspect where a contract call could say pay one year contract call could say pay one year. Contract call could say pay one year rent for all these unrelated entries rent for all these unrelated entries. Rent for all these unrelated entries that aren't important to you but still that aren't important to you but still. That aren't important to you but still take that from your refundable fee take that from your refundable fee. Take that from your refundable fee now again code audits could catch now again code audits could catch. Now again code audits could catch these attacks these attacks these attacks but it could be very difficult. but it could be very difficult but it could be very difficult because for instance they could name an. Because for instance they could name an because for instance they could name an entry such as like they could give an. Entry such as like they could give an entry such as like they could give an entry in a inconspicuous name like . Entry in a inconspicuous name like entry in a inconspicuous name like author entry and have every call pay one. Author entry and have every call pay one author entry and have every call pay one. Year of rent to an off entry where it year of rent to an off entry where it year of rent to an off entry where it. Could be actually a different entry type could be actually a different entry type. Could be actually a different entry type that's used maliciously and so even that's used maliciously and so even. That's used maliciously and so even though exposing this host function could though exposing this host function could. Though exposing this host function could provide a better user experience it also. Provide a better user experience it also provide a better user experience it also. Opens the door to these kind of large opens the door to these kind of large. Opens the door to these kind of large fees that contracts can Define and so I fees that contracts can Define and so I. Fees that contracts can Define and so I guess that's our first open question is guess that's our first open question is. Guess that's our first open question is regardless of if the host function is regardless of if the host function is. Regardless of if the host function is accessible via Smart contracts it will accessible via Smart contracts it will. Accessible via Smart contracts it will be accessible as a manual operation call be accessible as a manual operation call. Be accessible as a manual operation call regardless and so the question is do we regardless and so the question is do we. Regardless and so the question is do we want to just have that manual operation want to just have that manual operation. Want to just have that manual operation call where the invoker has to specify call where the invoker has to specify. Call where the invoker has to specify every single key to bump or do we want every single key to bump or do we want. Every single key to bump or do we want to also open up this host function to to also open up this host function to. To also open up this host function to the smart contracts and allow smart the smart contracts and allow smart. The smart contracts and allow smart contracts to Define their own rent bump contracts to Define their own rent bump. Contracts to Define their own rent bump Behavior I have an opinion on this that I want to. I have an opinion on this that I want to talk about about everyone else thinking talk about about everyone else thinking. Talk about about everyone else thinking because I've been thinking a person can because I've been thinking a person can. Because I've been thinking a person can involve this and I'm really biased involve this and I'm really biased. Involve this and I'm really biased towards just doing a single post towards just doing a single post. Towards just doing a single post operation as it is invoked in a operation as it is invoked in a. Operation as it is invoked in a standalone fashion and not go with standalone fashion and not go with. Standalone fashion and not go with contractifying pump Behavior at least contractifying pump Behavior at least. Contractifying pump Behavior at least 41. because as Grant has mentions right 41. because as Grant has mentions right. 41. because as Grant has mentions right really a lot of issues with houses can really a lot of issues with houses can. Really a lot of issues with houses can be misused be misused be misused but also really even if you think. but also really even if you think but also really even if you think about the ux aspect of it. About the ux aspect of it about the ux aspect of it like we are talking about some. like we are talking about some like we are talking about some abstract user here I'm not sure it's. Abstract user here I'm not sure it's abstract user here I'm not sure it's an abstract user who does the bump it's. An abstract user who does the bump it's an abstract user who does the bump it's rather some. Rather some rather some program in between that does that which program in between that does that which. Program in between that does that which is probably evolved right and for is probably evolved right and for. Is probably evolved right and for example if you are talking about the example if you are talking about the. Example if you are talking about the token balances token balances token balances. I don't see any significant technical I don't see any significant technical. I don't see any significant technical difference between implementing bumping difference between implementing bumping. Difference between implementing bumping your balance your balance your balance entries rent why it's a great. Entries rent why it's a great entries rent why it's a great operational a separate contract call. Operational a separate contract call operational a separate contract call it's some sense it needs to be. It's some sense it needs to be it's some sense it needs to be coded in the board coded in the board. Coded in the board interface right and then provide it to interface right and then provide it to. Interface right and then provide it to the user like hey you know what your the user like hey you know what your. The user like hey you know what your interests are about to expire interests are about to expire. Interests are about to expire and another thing is that I really don't and another thing is that I really don't. And another thing is that I really don't think there are too many entries that think there are too many entries that. Think there are too many entries that user should ever user should ever user should ever. Care about about pumping them I'd say care about about pumping them I'd say care about about pumping them I'd say. This must be just balances and nfts and this must be just balances and nfts and this must be just balances and nfts and. You know even if you have this Ledger you know even if you have this Ledger you know even if you have this Ledger. Key based approach it doesn't seem key based approach it doesn't seem key based approach it doesn't seem. Overly complicated to have support for overly complicated to have support for overly complicated to have support for. Them and have some basic white braces them and have some basic white braces them and have some basic white braces. Just builds the correct bump transaction just builds the correct bump transaction. Just builds the correct bump transaction for a given contract interface for for a given contract interface for. For a given contract interface for example so example so example so I don't see this as a pqx issue but I do. I don't see this as a pqx issue but I do I don't see this as a pqx issue but I do. See a lot of issues with no exposing see a lot of issues with no exposing see a lot of issues with no exposing. This to the contracts and this to the contracts and this to the contracts and it just doesn't seem like a super. It just doesn't seem like a super it just doesn't seem like a super straightforward feature to communicate. Straightforward feature to communicate straightforward feature to communicate with how contract developers should use. With how contract developers should use with how contract developers should use it like I don't think they have a good. It like I don't think they have a good it like I don't think they have a good. Strategy for this now strategy for this now strategy for this now so yeah that's my opinion here. So yeah that's my opinion here so yeah that's my opinion here it feels a bit or slightly inconsistent. It feels a bit or slightly inconsistent it feels a bit or slightly inconsistent the fact that the the current storage. The fact that the the current storage the fact that the the current storage model definitely. Model definitely model definitely encourage access through host functions encourage access through host functions. Encourage access through host functions rather than directly through through rather than directly through through. Rather than directly through through like Ledger entry keys and so to have like Ledger entry keys and so to have. Like Ledger entry keys and so to have this additional system that does this additional system that does. This additional system that does encourage access directly to the Ledger encourage access directly to the Ledger. Encourage access directly to the Ledger entry keys that that sounds a bit entry keys that that sounds a bit. Entry keys that that sounds a bit inconsistent to me inconsistent to me inconsistent to me. Well we kind of abstract to let your well we kind of abstract to let your well we kind of abstract to let your. Excess away right to you like this adapt excess away right to you like this adapt. Excess away right to you like this adapt developers to need to care about with. Developers to need to care about with developers to need to care about with. Your Footprints your Footprints your Footprints and basically rent can be improved. and basically rent can be improved and basically rent can be improved with some ideas floating around those. With some ideas floating around those with some ideas floating around those were like maybe allow to specify pumps. Were like maybe allow to specify pumps were like maybe allow to specify pumps on the footprint for example or as. on the footprint for example or as on the footprint for example or as Pro to the awake as a parallel entry to. Pro to the awake as a parallel entry to Pro to the awake as a parallel entry to the footprint to that you know you can. The footprint to that you know you can the footprint to that you know you can do it as a transactional basically I. Do it as a transactional basically I do it as a transactional basically I think it's the main . Think it's the main think it's the main and then the question is yeah whether we. And then the question is yeah whether we and then the question is yeah whether we. Put this responsibility on the contract put this responsibility on the contract put this responsibility on the contract. Developers or on the engineers that developers or on the engineers that developers or on the engineers that. Builds the transactions and builds the transactions and builds the transactions and . I'm saying that probably it should be on I'm saying that probably it should be on. I'm saying that probably it should be on the side of whoever is paying for the the side of whoever is paying for the. The side of whoever is paying for the transaction right because that's transaction right because that's. Transaction right because that's them who are pins are in and really for them who are pins are in and really for. Them who are pins are in and really for a lot of contracts there is no single a lot of contracts there is no single. A lot of contracts there is no single strategies the contract Trader can raise strategies the contract Trader can raise. Strategies the contract Trader can raise realistically Define in terms of how the. Realistically Define in terms of how the realistically Define in terms of how the. Bump should be defined well kind of same bump should be defined well kind of same. Bump should be defined well kind of same stamping to do that right but in the end. Stamping to do that right but in the end stamping to do that right but in the end. It's the entity that pays for the it's the entity that pays for the it's the entity that pays for the. Transaction who needs to decide what to transaction who needs to decide what to transaction who needs to decide what to. Do with the rent pumps do with the rent pumps do with the rent pumps Delaney bumps at home right but it's a. Delaney bumps at home right but it's a Delaney bumps at home right but it's a contract developer that has the full. Contract developer that has the full contract developer that has the full understanding of what in the contract. Understanding of what in the contract understanding of what in the contract State actually relates to a specific. State actually relates to a specific State actually relates to a specific account. Account account right so where where will this right so where where will this right so where where will this. Information be captured well yes but well yes but you know I'm not sure like it needs to. You know I'm not sure like it needs to you know I'm not sure like it needs to do anything this is a bumps like. Do anything this is a bumps like do anything this is a bumps like I can see the functions just expose the. I can see the functions just expose the I can see the functions just expose the entries that need to be pumped but I'm. Entries that need to be pumped but I'm entries that need to be pumped but I'm really concerned about just doing the. Really concerned about just doing the really concerned about just doing the pumps myself from the contract like. Pumps myself from the contract like pumps myself from the contract like having some metadata that says hey you. Having some metadata that says hey you having some metadata that says hey you need to bump that for a given address is. Need to bump that for a given address is need to bump that for a given address is. Fine fine fine but fully programmatic access seems to but fully programmatic access seems to. But fully programmatic access seems to to be able to do much more and a lot of to be able to do much more and a lot of. To be able to do much more and a lot of this doesn't seem like the right thing this doesn't seem like the right thing. This doesn't seem like the right thing to do to do to do also it's been like you know pumpkin for. Also it's been like you know pumpkin for also it's been like you know pumpkin for. Thousands of ledgers then this might not thousands of ledgers then this might not. Thousands of ledgers then this might not be a user intention and yeah this just be a user intention and yeah this just. Be a user intention and yeah this just creates some pretty confusion ux for the creates some pretty confusion ux for the. Creates some pretty confusion ux for the contract users contract users contract users. Yeah current question yeah current question yeah current question so a I do like the the concept that the. So a I do like the the concept that the so a I do like the the concept that the end user oh no I should say the con the. End user oh no I should say the con the end user oh no I should say the con the smart contract author can can write his. Smart contract author can can write his smart contract author can can write his own function to modify the default. Own function to modify the default own function to modify the default Behavior I think that's great. Behavior I think that's great Behavior I think that's great I'm a little bit concerned that. I'm a little bit concerned that I'm a little bit concerned that the smart contract developer would need. The smart contract developer would need the smart contract developer would need to write that method. To write that method to write that method it's something that I kind of like not it's something that I kind of like not. It's something that I kind of like not feel very comfortable around because it feel very comfortable around because it. Feel very comfortable around because it guarantees a user errors guarantees a user errors. Guarantees a user errors and ideally if we could do anything that and ideally if we could do anything that. And ideally if we could do anything that would provide out of box experience would provide out of box experience. Would provide out of box experience where it would just walk where it would just walk. Where it would just walk then it would be much better then it would be much better. Then it would be much better even if they just walk wouldn't be the even if they just walk wouldn't be the. Even if they just walk wouldn't be the optimal solution well I think in either optimal solution well I think in either. Optimal solution well I think in either case case case whether we expose the host function. whether we expose the host function whether we expose the host function or not it will not be necessary to. Or not it will not be necessary to or not it will not be necessary to define the sore function because we do. Define the sore function because we do define the sore function because we do have the protocol. Have the protocol have the protocol floor automatic bump rent which floor automatic bump rent which. floor automatic bump rent which happens regardless and so this is just happens regardless and so this is just. Happens regardless and so this is just for if you want in addition to the for if you want in addition to the. For if you want in addition to the automatic a small incremental rent automatic a small incremental rent. Automatic a small incremental rent payments do you want additional control payments do you want additional control. Payments do you want additional control over how you bump and I also won't over how you bump and I also won't. Over how you bump and I also won't clarify that this doesn't overwrite the clarify that this doesn't overwrite the. Clarify that this doesn't overwrite the default Behavior the default Behavior default Behavior the default Behavior. Default Behavior the default Behavior will happen whether you use the host will happen whether you use the host. Will happen whether you use the host function or not so say like the for function or not so say like the for. Function or not so say like the for instance just for an example the default instance just for an example the default. Instance just for an example the default behavior is to bump every entry by 10 behavior is to bump every entry by 10. Behavior is to bump every entry by 10 Ledger's worth of rent if you also in Ledger's worth of rent if you also in. Ledger's worth of rent if you also in addition to that say use the rent bomb addition to that say use the rent bomb. Addition to that say use the rent bomb function to add another 100 ledgers function to add another 100 ledgers. Function to add another 100 ledgers worth of rent to a token balance the worth of rent to a token balance the. Worth of rent to a token balance the resulting rent bump would be 110. the 10 resulting rent bump would be 110. the 10. Resulting rent bump would be 110. the 10 ledgers that were automatically bumped ledgers that were automatically bumped. Ledgers that were automatically bumped and the 100 ledgers added on top of that and the 100 ledgers added on top of that. And the 100 ledgers added on top of that by the host function and so you're by the host function and so you're. By the host function and so you're answer your question the automatic rent answer your question the automatic rent. Answer your question the automatic rent bump interface attempts to kind of give bump interface attempts to kind of give. Bump interface attempts to kind of give the best out of the box solution as the best out of the box solution as. The best out of the box solution as possible with the thinking being that possible with the thinking being that. Possible with the thinking being that the most accessed entries will have the the most accessed entries will have the. The most accessed entries will have the most rent and be the most readily most rent and be the most readily. Most rent and be the most readily available and so this is an addition to available and so this is an addition to. Available and so this is an addition to that default Behavior if that answers that default Behavior if that answers. That default Behavior if that answers your question okay yes let's answer my question thank. Okay yes let's answer my question thank you now I think you now I think you now I think. one one interesting point that moods one one interesting point that moods one one interesting point that moods. is bringing up in the chat Dima is bringing up in the chat Dima is bringing up in the chat Dima. For you in particular is that should we for you in particular is that should we for you in particular is that should we. Allow contracts to Define initial rent allow contracts to Define initial rent allow contracts to Define initial rent. Balances balances balances because if we don't of newly created because if we don't of newly created. because if we don't of newly created entries entries entries because this kind of has the same. because this kind of has the same because this kind of has the same attack surface or I guess attack service. Attack surface or I guess attack service attack surface or I guess attack service. Isn't the right word but perhaps the isn't the right word but perhaps the isn't the right word but perhaps the. Same accidental or purposeful misuse same accidental or purposeful misuse same accidental or purposeful misuse. Issue of exposing the rent bump function issue of exposing the rent bump function. Issue of exposing the rent bump function but it's a really poor interface if but it's a really poor interface if. But it's a really poor interface if every newly created entry just has the every newly created entry just has the. Every newly created entry just has the minimum amount of rent and you need to minimum amount of rent and you need to. Minimum amount of rent and you need to immediately do a host function operation immediately do a host function operation. Immediately do a host function operation if you're calling to create to bump the if you're calling to create to bump the. If you're calling to create to bump the rent so I guess what do you think with rent so I guess what do you think with. Rent so I guess what do you think with respect to newly created entries and respect to newly created entries and. Respect to newly created entries and should we special case that even if we should we special case that even if we. Should we special case that even if we don't expose the rent on post function again like I'll try to answer quickly. Again like I'll try to answer quickly because we wanted to say something but because we wanted to say something but. Because we wanted to say something but I'm I'm I'm still not sure if it's a good idea. Still not sure if it's a good idea still not sure if it's a good idea either I feel like I should think more. Either I feel like I should think more either I feel like I should think more in terms of how can say. In terms of how can say in terms of how can say contract user provides a needed brand. Contract user provides a needed brand contract user provides a needed brand pump pump. Pump maybe as an additional fear as I said maybe as an additional fear as I said maybe as an additional fear as I said. Like maybe some annotation on footprint like maybe some annotation on footprint like maybe some annotation on footprint. Or something because really if you think or something because really if you think. Or something because really if you think about it as a contract writer like about it as a contract writer like. About it as a contract writer like you're writing a token contract what you're writing a token contract what. You're writing a token contract what should be the initial should be the initial should be the initial. Rent balance on a new balance entry rent balance on a new balance entry rent balance on a new balance entry. I cannot really answer this question for I cannot really answer this question for. I cannot really answer this question for every user every user every user I'm not sure anyone anyone can so my. I'm not sure anyone anyone can so my I'm not sure anyone anyone can so my intuition is that for entries where we. Intuition is that for entries where we intuition is that for entries where we actually want to ever bump the rent. Actually want to ever bump the rent actually want to ever bump the rent balance balance. Balance it's highly likely that it's easier to it's highly likely that it's easier to. It's highly likely that it's easier to decide how much does it want to pump it decide how much does it want to pump it. Decide how much does it want to pump it so yeah I'm I'm really not sure like how so yeah I'm I'm really not sure like how. So yeah I'm I'm really not sure like how contract writers would Define this contract writers would Define this. Contract writers would Define this initial balance in the same way initial balance in the same way. Initial balance in the same way that's my opinion here yeah yeah so first of all I just want to say it. so first of all I just want to say it so first of all I just want to say it. Is interesting that we have that we are is interesting that we have that we are is interesting that we have that we are. Discussing like these multiple discussing like these multiple discussing like these multiple. Approaches to essentially automatic for approaches to essentially automatic for approaches to essentially automatic for. The user bumping the rim and I think the user bumping the rim and I think the user bumping the rim and I think. Whenever we do have like multiple things whenever we do have like multiple things. Whenever we do have like multiple things at play like this we do have this at play like this we do have this. At play like this we do have this potential for it to become very potential for it to become very. Potential for it to become very confusing for developers about you know confusing for developers about you know. Confusing for developers about you know when do they need to make get involved when do they need to make get involved. When do they need to make get involved and do something themselves versus when and do something themselves versus when. And do something themselves versus when can they rely on the automatic can they rely on the automatic. Can they rely on the automatic so maybe just something to keep in so maybe just something to keep in. so maybe just something to keep in mind like mind like mind like if we are going to have these multiple. If we are going to have these multiple if we are going to have these multiple approaches. Approaches approaches that that's just something we need to that that's just something we need to. That that's just something we need to think about like complexity but to the think about like complexity but to the. Think about like complexity but to the idea of having you know the contract idea of having you know the contract. Idea of having you know the contract do the bumping it sounds to me like do the bumping it sounds to me like. do the bumping it sounds to me like it's sort of owning two responsibilities it's sort of owning two responsibilities. It's sort of owning two responsibilities and I'm not we're talking about those and I'm not we're talking about those. And I'm not we're talking about those two responsibilities together and maybe two responsibilities together and maybe. Two responsibilities together and maybe we can split them apart and so the first we can split them apart and so the first. We can split them apart and so the first one is one is one is knowledge about the keys. knowledge about the keys knowledge about the keys and that does really sound clearly to me. And that does really sound clearly to me and that does really sound clearly to me. Like something that the contract is is like something that the contract is is like something that the contract is is. Responsible for contracts decide you responsible for contracts decide you responsible for contracts decide you. Know what storage how to arrange their know what storage how to arrange their know what storage how to arrange their. Storage it's not really in the user storage it's not really in the user storage it's not really in the user. Domain to you know to know that domain to you know to know that domain to you know to know that. Information and so it does really that information and so it does really that information and so it does really that. Makes sense to me that okay contract makes sense to me that okay contract makes sense to me that okay contract. Should be responsible and sort of should be responsible and sort of should be responsible and sort of. Telling a user somehow that you know telling a user somehow that you know telling a user somehow that you know. These are the keys that relate to these are the keys that relate to these are the keys that relate to. you know you know I guess I guess I you know you know I guess I guess I. you know you know I guess I guess I sort of we sort of expose it already sort of we sort of expose it already. Sort of we sort of expose it already through Footprints I guess you know through Footprints I guess you know. Through Footprints I guess you know you can look at the footprint from your you can look at the footprint from your. You can look at the footprint from your transaction and say like oh I've I've transaction and say like oh I've I've. Transaction and say like oh I've I've affected these entries and so you know affected these entries and so you know. Affected these entries and so you know if I want these entries to live on past if I want these entries to live on past. If I want these entries to live on past some some some future point I probably want to bump. Future point I probably want to bump future point I probably want to bump them them. Them and you know what the footprint is and you know what the footprint is and you know what the footprint is. Ahead of the transaction because you ahead of the transaction because you ahead of the transaction because you. Have to provide it so have to provide it so have to provide it so you know that that's maybe an. you know that that's maybe an you know that that's maybe an interesting thing we can utilize. Interesting thing we can utilize interesting thing we can utilize and then the second part of the. and then the second part of the and then the second part of the contract function is decisioning about. Contract function is decisioning about contract function is decisioning about how much to bump or at least that's one. How much to bump or at least that's one how much to bump or at least that's one of my understanding Karen that the. Of my understanding Karen that the of my understanding Karen that the contract would actually decide how much. Contract would actually decide how much contract would actually decide how much the month and that seems less clear to. The month and that seems less clear to the month and that seems less clear to me about where the responsibility lies. Me about where the responsibility lies me about where the responsibility lies because I agree with Dima like if I'm if. Because I agree with Dima like if I'm if because I agree with Dima like if I'm if. I'm a contract developer running I'm a contract developer running I'm a contract developer running. Contract or token contract or any sort contract or token contract or any sort contract or token contract or any sort. Of contract I don't really know how long of contract I don't really know how long. Of contract I don't really know how long this user needs this data you know you this user needs this data you know you. This user needs this data you know you might be using the token contract for might be using the token contract for. Might be using the token contract for just this one transaction or for a short just this one transaction or for a short. Just this one transaction or for a short period of time or maybe you're you know period of time or maybe you're you know. Period of time or maybe you're you know you're locking up an asset for a long you're locking up an asset for a long. You're locking up an asset for a long period of time it's really unclear to period of time it's really unclear to. Period of time it's really unclear to the contract developer so I feel like the contract developer so I feel like. The contract developer so I feel like if we can find a way to if we can find a way to. if we can find a way to keep the decision about how much to keep the decision about how much to. keep the decision about how much to bump in the hands of the user while not bump in the hands of the user while not. Bump in the hands of the user while not needing the user to have knowledge about needing the user to have knowledge about. Needing the user to have knowledge about the keys or maybe using the footprint in. The keys or maybe using the footprint in the keys or maybe using the footprint in. Some ways so that users or applications some ways so that users or applications some ways so that users or applications. That users are using that users are using that users are using you know can use the footprint. You know can use the footprint you know can use the footprint to to to . you know to discover those keys you know to discover those keys you know to discover those keys. Yeah I think one interesting thing might yeah I think one interesting thing might. Yeah I think one interesting thing might be like say like we have like this be like say like we have like this. Be like say like we have like this automatic bump and just allow that to be automatic bump and just allow that to be. Automatic bump and just allow that to be a user-defined field a user-defined field. A user-defined field in the footprint so for instance we in the footprint so for instance we. in the footprint so for instance we could say like it must be at least 10 could say like it must be at least 10. Could say like it must be at least 10 ledgers just for the health of the ledgers just for the health of the. Ledgers just for the health of the network no one should be able to you network no one should be able to you. Network no one should be able to you know avoid automatic payments but then know avoid automatic payments but then. Know avoid automatic payments but then you can Define you can Define you can Define. An arbitrary number an arbitrary number an arbitrary number now the issue is I think that that. now the issue is I think that that now the issue is I think that that might be a little too. Might be a little too might be a little too not granular enough so for instance. not granular enough so for instance not granular enough so for instance say if I want to if I'm praying a token. Say if I want to if I'm praying a token say if I want to if I'm praying a token or creating a a balance for the first. Or creating a a balance for the first or creating a a balance for the first. Time for a wallet and I want to last six time for a wallet and I want to last six. Time for a wallet and I want to last six months I say okay I want my default rent. Months I say okay I want my default rent months I say okay I want my default rent. Bump to be six months and so that would bump to be six months and so that would bump to be six months and so that would. Handle you know all the keys I touch in handle you know all the keys I touch in handle you know all the keys I touch in. The creating of that new entry but if we the creating of that new entry but if we. The creating of that new entry but if we just have that one number to encapsulate. Just have that one number to encapsulate just have that one number to encapsulate. Everything I would also be bumping the everything I would also be bumping the everything I would also be bumping the. Wasm by six months in the contract wasm by six months in the contract wasm by six months in the contract. Instance by six months because I touched instance by six months because I touched. Instance by six months because I touched those two as well which is probably not those two as well which is probably not. Those two as well which is probably not what the user intended and so I think what the user intended and so I think. What the user intended and so I think I kind of agree with how you put it I kind of agree with how you put it. I kind of agree with how you put it that there's knowledge of the keys that there's knowledge of the keys. That there's knowledge of the keys that's the contract responsibility and that's the contract responsibility and. That's the contract responsibility and then there's the knowledge of how then there's the knowledge of how. Then there's the knowledge of how much you want to bump which is a use much you want to bump which is a use. Much you want to bump which is a use case specific thing case specific thing case specific thing. based on the invoker and the issue is based on the invoker and the issue is. based on the invoker and the issue is like if we just have one parameter that like if we just have one parameter that. Like if we just have one parameter that for the default rent bump that doesn't for the default rent bump that doesn't. For the default rent bump that doesn't encapsulate knowledge about the keys but encapsulate knowledge about the keys but. Encapsulate knowledge about the keys but then the issue is if you want to say say. Then the issue is if you want to say say then the issue is if you want to say say. have Define a rent bump for every key have Define a rent bump for every key. have Define a rent bump for every key in the read write footprint that again in the read write footprint that again. In the read write footprint that again is putting in this that's putting is putting in this that's putting. Is putting in this that's putting essentially like the knowledge of the essentially like the knowledge of the. essentially like the knowledge of the keys on the invoker again which is kind keys on the invoker again which is kind. Keys on the invoker again which is kind of something we want to get away from of something we want to get away from. Of something we want to get away from well well well yeah I mean the invoker is potentially. Yeah I mean the invoker is potentially yeah I mean the invoker is potentially multiple parties because there's the you. Multiple parties because there's the you multiple parties because there's the you. Know user to the consumer the end know user to the consumer the end know user to the consumer the end. User and then there's an application user and then there's an application user and then there's an application. That they're using to interact with that they're using to interact with that they're using to interact with. The contract and that application the contract and that application the contract and that application. They're using could potentially make they're using could potentially make they're using could potentially make. Some sort of broad assumptions you know some sort of broad assumptions you know some sort of broad assumptions you know. Maybe for token contracts maybe for token contracts maybe for token contracts a an application Level Up or might . a an application Level Up or might a an application Level Up or might . Be able to handle that granularity like be able to handle that granularity like be able to handle that granularity like. As you're pointing out they might be as you're pointing out they might be as you're pointing out they might be. Able to identify okay the balances able to identify okay the balances able to identify okay the balances. look like this you know have this look like this you know have this look like this you know have this. Key maybe I key maybe I key maybe I it doesn't really it doesn't really it doesn't really it doesn't really. It doesn't really it doesn't really extend well to other contracts though so I don't know do we have any like key. So I don't know do we have any like key takeaways then I mean because I agree takeaways then I mean because I agree. Takeaways then I mean because I agree that that that and I just feel like the barrier to. And I just feel like the barrier to and I just feel like the barrier to to exposing the rent interface to users. To exposing the rent interface to users to exposing the rent interface to users can be somewhat High. Can be somewhat High can be somewhat High and I don't know if it's a good and I don't know if it's a good. and I don't know if it's a good interface interface interface now again like this might be you know. now again like this might be you know now again like this might be you know. Acceptable if you know like acceptable if you know like acceptable if you know like. Every like people are interacting every like people are interacting every like people are interacting. With the network primarily through with the network primarily through with the network primarily through. Wallets and sophisticated kind of l2s wallets and sophisticated kind of l2s. Wallets and sophisticated kind of l2s like that but I don't know it just seems. Like that but I don't know it just seems like that but I don't know it just seems. Like a high onus to put on a user to like a high onus to put on a user to like a high onus to put on a user to. Essentially have to essentially have to essentially have to invoke periodic invoke periodic. Invoke periodic hose function operations in order to hose function operations in order to. hose function operations in order to maintain state that they are accessing maintain state that they are accessing. Maintain state that they are accessing through smart contract calls it just through smart contract calls it just. Through smart contract calls it just seems like the most reasonable interface seems like the most reasonable interface. Seems like the most reasonable interface for the caller of the contract is for for the caller of the contract is for. For the caller of the contract is for the contractor to take care of of the the contractor to take care of of the. The contractor to take care of of the contract state contract state contract state. is it possible that maybe we could is it possible that maybe we could . Is it possible that maybe we could find some find some find some some okay so. Some okay so I agree with what you're saying and I agree with what you're saying and. I agree with what you're saying and so I'm wondering when we discover so I'm wondering when we discover. So I'm wondering when we discover what the footprint for contracts are I what the footprint for contracts are I. What the footprint for contracts are I wonder if there's a way for us to wonder if there's a way for us to. Wonder if there's a way for us to include without some sort of this is include without some sort of this is. Include without some sort of this is what the contract recommends you use what the contract recommends you use . What the contract recommends you use and maybe this is this might get too and maybe this is this might get too. And maybe this is this might get too complicated but you know if a token complicated but you know if a token. Complicated but you know if a token contract could say to a user contract could say to a user. Contract could say to a user this is somehow defined like this is this is somehow defined like this is. this is somehow defined like this is the recommended the recommended the recommended. Rent pump for my contract but usually rent pump for my contract but usually rent pump for my contract but usually. Still in control or maybe that's still in control or maybe that's still in control or maybe that's. Pointless because then you know pointless because then you know pointless because then you know. Everybody's just going to do what the everybody's just going to do what the everybody's just going to do what the. Contract says and we're essentially contract says and we're essentially contract says and we're essentially. Building something that we don't really building something that we don't really building something that we don't really. Need the flexibility around well maybe need the flexibility around well maybe need the flexibility around well maybe. What we could do actually say what we could do actually say what we could do actually say. actually okay I kind of so I think actually okay I kind of so I think actually okay I kind of so I think. The best of the Both Worlds is we want the best of the Both Worlds is we want the best of the Both Worlds is we want. The contractor to be able to define the the contractor to be able to define the the contractor to be able to define the. Keys we want the user to define the keys we want the user to define the keys we want the user to define the. Amount so maybe what we can do is amount so maybe what we can do is amount so maybe what we can do is. Instead of having the footprint instead of having the footprint instead of having the footprint. Parameter be the global footprint pump parameter be the global footprint pump parameter be the global footprint pump. What we can do is we can define a new what we can do is we can define a new what we can do is we can define a new. Parameter called auxiliary rent bump parameter called auxiliary rent bump parameter called auxiliary rent bump. It's just a single value inside the it's just a single value inside the it's just a single value inside the. Footprint and then footprint and then footprint and then I guess we could expose this to the. I guess we could expose this to the I guess we could expose this to the smart contract in some way. Smart contract in some way smart contract in some way and then the smart contract could. and then the smart contract could and then the smart contract could call the rent bump host function but the. Call the rent bump host function but the call the rent bump host function but the. Value of the ledgers to bump must be the value of the ledgers to bump must be the. Value of the ledgers to bump must be the auxiliary value provided by the user auxiliary value provided by the user. Auxiliary value provided by the user and so I think this still has some and so I think this still has some. and so I think this still has some potential gamification or griefing if potential gamification or griefing if. Potential gamification or griefing if the contract would use that to bump keys the contract would use that to bump keys. The contract would use that to bump keys that are not relevant to the user I mean. That are not relevant to the user I mean that are not relevant to the user I mean. I feel like that's just a that's a class I feel like that's just a that's a class. I feel like that's just a that's a class of bug that just needs to be audited and. Of bug that just needs to be audited and of bug that just needs to be audited and. I think that's kind of you know there I think that's kind of you know there I think that's kind of you know there. Are many smart contract bugs that fall are many smart contract bugs that fall are many smart contract bugs that fall. Into that area but then I think this into that area but then I think this into that area but then I think this. Might provide you like a good middle might provide you like a good middle might provide you like a good middle. Ground where the contract can still say ground where the contract can still say ground where the contract can still say. What keys need to be bumped and the user what keys need to be bumped and the user. What keys need to be bumped and the user can supply the value and so say this can supply the value and so say this. Can supply the value and so say this value could default to zero just for value could default to zero just for. Value could default to zero just for safety reasons but then say if a user is safety reasons but then say if a user is. Safety reasons but then say if a user is accessing their contract or their accessing their contract or their . Accessing their contract or their their token wallet they could say that I their token wallet they could say that I. Their token wallet they could say that I want to rent Bump by six months want to rent Bump by six months. Want to rent Bump by six months everything that the contract deems everything that the contract deems . everything that the contract deems should be bumped which they signify by should be bumped which they signify by. Should be bumped which they signify by calling like this auxiliary rent bump calling like this auxiliary rent bump. Calling like this auxiliary rent bump done inside the smart contract done inside the smart contract. Done inside the smart contract some thoughts on this approach some thoughts on this approach. Some thoughts on this approach yeah I think I think something like that yeah I think I think something like that. Yeah I think I think something like that I think something like that could could. I think something like that could could I think something like that could could work pretty well and either. Work pretty well and either work pretty well and either presenting that how you just described. Presenting that how you just described presenting that how you just described as you know you just provide one Valley. As you know you just provide one Valley as you know you just provide one Valley in the transaction or maybe you could. In the transaction or maybe you could in the transaction or maybe you could actually just provide a value next to. Actually just provide a value next to actually just provide a value next to every footprint. Every footprint every footprint which they'd functionally worked the which they'd functionally worked the. which they'd functionally worked the same way but you know it would give you same way but you know it would give you. Same way but you know it would give you a little bit of flexibility for some a little bit of flexibility for some. A little bit of flexibility for some power use cases where maybe you power use cases where maybe you. Power use cases where maybe you maybe a maybe a maybe a a power user is wanting to. A power user is wanting to a power user is wanting to specify explicit footprint entries is. Specify explicit footprint entries is specify explicit footprint entries is having more. Having more having more but I did I think that I think that ID but I did I think that I think that ID. Does start to shift the responsibilities does start to shift the responsibilities. Does start to shift the responsibilities into the right places yeah I'm not necessarily against the. Yeah I'm not necessarily against the footprints and it's always the same footprints and it's always the same. Footprints and it's always the same wondering about is wondering about is wondering about is. How much how much how much more useful reads than let's say yeah more useful reads than let's say yeah. More useful reads than let's say yeah separate cost functions it does the same separate cost functions it does the same. Separate cost functions it does the same Plus the contract the contract and just a little bit worried about. and just a little bit worried about and just a little bit worried about mix in a lot of things together right so. Mix in a lot of things together right so mix in a lot of things together right so. You have a transaction with a plus you have a transaction with a plus you have a transaction with a plus. Something useful make a payment for something useful make a payment for something useful make a payment for. Example right but then you also have example right but then you also have example right but then you also have. This another completely unrelated this another completely unrelated this another completely unrelated. Operation this transaction which is Bump operation this transaction which is Bump. Operation this transaction which is Bump rent instead of relevant entries by rent instead of relevant entries by. Rent instead of relevant entries by kind of like by time periods you have kind of like by time periods you have. Kind of like by time periods you have defined so defined so defined so doesn't really need to be the same. Doesn't really need to be the same doesn't really need to be the same operation maybe it is okay to just have. Operation maybe it is okay to just have operation maybe it is okay to just have this as two separate operations it can. This as two separate operations it can this as two separate operations it can be composed needed well I mean what. Be composed needed well I mean what be composed needed well I mean what would that look like then because I mean. Would that look like then because I mean would that look like then because I mean. I think the the issue is the the set of I think the the issue is the the set of I think the the issue is the the set of. The knowledge of the set of keys that the knowledge of the set of keys that the knowledge of the set of keys that. Needs to be bound right where I think I needs to be bound right where I think I needs to be bound right where I think I. Agree that like the the per like the per agree that like the the per like the per. Agree that like the the per like the per key approach could be good for power key approach could be good for power. Key approach could be good for power users I still think we need like a you users I still think we need like a you. Users I still think we need like a you know one size fits all I want to bump by know one size fits all I want to bump by. Know one size fits all I want to bump by this amount because I could see from a this amount because I could see from a. This amount because I could see from a user perspective saying user perspective saying. User perspective saying you know bump this set of keys by six you know bump this set of keys by six. you know bump this set of keys by six months you have to define the set of months you have to define the set of. Months you have to define the set of keys and all that sort of stuff but if keys and all that sort of stuff but if. Keys and all that sort of stuff but if you're sending transactions and be like you're sending transactions and be like. You're sending transactions and be like I want all my things to live for six I want all my things to live for six. I want all my things to live for six months so I can say send this months so I can say send this. Months so I can say send this transaction transaction transaction rent amount six months. rent amount six months rent amount six months and then the smart contract . and then the smart contract and then the smart contract developers determine what is important. Developers determine what is important developers determine what is important to that user to fill into that auxiliary. To that user to fill into that auxiliary to that user to fill into that auxiliary. Space I feel like that works for most space I feel like that works for most space I feel like that works for most. Use cases again we are kind of mixing up use cases again we are kind of mixing up. Use cases again we are kind of mixing up what user is like what user is like what user is like. Do people really like if they think do people really like if they think do people really like if they think. About how about how about how our contracts would be used right our contracts would be used right. Our contracts would be used right chances are probably there is some Gap chances are probably there is some Gap. Chances are probably there is some Gap that like with some web apps that that like with some web apps that. That like with some web apps that actually builds the transactions for you actually builds the transactions for you. Actually builds the transactions for you like whereas the rain should fit it like. Like whereas the rain should fit it like like whereas the rain should fit it like. I'm writing so you had decks right today I'm writing so you had decks right today. I'm writing so you had decks right today really expose rent bumps in my UI to the. Really expose rent bumps in my UI to the really expose rent bumps in my UI to the. Users like how's it would work so I think that there's I think that's a so I think that there's I think that's a. Really good question Dima and and I really good question Dima and and I really good question Dima and and I. Think there's there there are two think there's there there are two think there's there there are two. Answers to this answers to this answers to this I think there's one class of I think there's one class of. I think there's one class of interactions that come directly from interactions that come directly from. Interactions that come directly from adapt front end and and from that adapt front end and and from that. Adapt front end and and from that perspective you're right like the DAP perspective you're right like the DAP. Perspective you're right like the DAP knows exactly what Ledger Keys an knows exactly what Ledger Keys an. Knows exactly what Ledger Keys an account refers to because it's the same account refers to because it's the same. Account refers to because it's the same developer who wrote the smart contract developer who wrote the smart contract. Developer who wrote the smart contract there's another class of interactions there's another class of interactions. there's another class of interactions that's like more generalized that's like more generalized. That's like more generalized interactions these happen either interactions these happen either. Interactions these happen either through through through either through like wallet. either through like wallet either through like wallet interface like General wallet interfaces. Interface like General wallet interfaces interface like General wallet interfaces. or they happen maybe through or they happen maybe through or they happen maybe through. you know various compositions like you know various compositions like you know various compositions like. I'm not using I'm not using an amm I'm not using I'm not using an amm I'm not using I'm not using an amm. Directly but I'm using it through some directly but I'm using it through some directly but I'm using it through some. Sort of like an aggregator sort of like an aggregator sort of like an aggregator or through like a balancer like. Or through like a balancer like or through like a balancer like contract that actually splits my. contract that actually splits my contract that actually splits my my my liquidity between different. my my liquidity between different my my liquidity between different contracts so I think the like what. Contracts so I think the like what contracts so I think the like what you're describing. You're describing you're describing it like directly interacting with it like directly interacting with. it like directly interacting with Ledger keys that only happens in like Ledger keys that only happens in like. Ledger keys that only happens in like the one case where the the origin of the the one case where the the origin of the. The one case where the the origin of the transaction is you know is kind of transaction is you know is kind of. Transaction is you know is kind of developed by the same developer of the developed by the same developer of the. Developed by the same developer of the smart contract but that's not the smart contract but that's not the. Smart contract but that's not the general use case oh what I mean is actually not who knows. Oh what I mean is actually not who knows the keys what I mean is the keys what I mean is. The keys what I mean is what is the UI or ux for actually what is the UI or ux for actually. what is the UI or ux for actually setting up zero so let's say we go for setting up zero so let's say we go for. Setting up zero so let's say we go for this idea whenever you know you can this idea whenever you know you can . This idea whenever you know you can somehow pass some additional rent somehow pass some additional rent. Somehow pass some additional rent balance as a part of your transaction balance as a part of your transaction. Balance as a part of your transaction that does something else that does something else. That does something else then the question is like no matter like then the question is like no matter like. Then the question is like no matter like who knows the keys who knows the keys . Who knows the keys how the user would actually Supply this how the user would actually Supply this. How the user would actually Supply this number number number like I really feel like this should be. Like I really feel like this should be like I really feel like this should be progress about responsibility most of. Progress about responsibility most of progress about responsibility most of the time that's really sometimes it you. The time that's really sometimes it you the time that's really sometimes it you need to bump probably has something to. Need to bump probably has something to need to bump probably has something to do with something your own and this is. Do with something your own and this is do with something your own and this is something your voltage is responsible. Something your voltage is responsible something your voltage is responsible for for. For so I'm so I'm so I'm yeah I'm not sure if it works well it's yeah I'm not sure if it works well it's. Yeah I'm not sure if it works well it's a model or some a model or some a model or some. Other entities and wallet builds a other entities and wallet builds a other entities and wallet builds a. Transaction because as I said like transaction because as I said like transaction because as I said like. You're doing something completely you're doing something completely you're doing something completely. Unrelated unrelated unrelated leads like especially when you are leads like especially when you are. leads like especially when you are talking about some more complex religion talking about some more complex religion. Talking about some more complex religion scenarios right how would you even scenarios right how would you even. Scenarios right how would you even expose some brand pumps to the user leak expose some brand pumps to the user leak. Expose some brand pumps to the user leak just I'm sorry arbitrary they are about just I'm sorry arbitrary they are about. Just I'm sorry arbitrary they are about to trade these tokens okay how about to trade these tokens okay how about. To trade these tokens okay how about bumping some random major entries bumping some random major entries. Bumping some random major entries I don't know doesn't seem like they're I don't know doesn't seem like they're. I don't know doesn't seem like they're right you asked to me which is why I was right you asked to me which is why I was. Right you asked to me which is why I was kind of arguing about this idea about kind of arguing about this idea about. Kind of arguing about this idea about just having a standalone process for just having a standalone process for. Just having a standalone process for this this this which I agree has its own issues but. which I agree has its own issues but which I agree has its own issues but at least you know the your story is. At least you know the your story is at least you know the your story is pretty clear here that hey you have a. Pretty clear here that hey you have a pretty clear here that hey you have a vote for example and. Vote for example and vote for example and my interests you know balance lifetime my interests you know balance lifetime. My interests you know balance lifetime very connectors very connectors very connectors. maybe I'm missing something fundamental maybe I'm missing something fundamental. Maybe I'm missing something fundamental about what you like how things work but about what you like how things work but. About what you like how things work but he just really seems like two different he just really seems like two different. He just really seems like two different things that we want to bundle together things that we want to bundle together. Things that we want to bundle together in the same transaction and one of the in the same transaction and one of the. In the same transaction and one of the things is not completely obvious to things is not completely obvious to. Things is not completely obvious to think to that main use case as I think think to that main use case as I think. Think to that main use case as I think I think regardless of of whether we I think regardless of of whether we. I think regardless of of whether we bundle it or not the problem that you're bundle it or not the problem that you're. Bundle it or not the problem that you're presenting you know who's responsible presenting you know who's responsible. Presenting you know who's responsible for it you know does the wallet just do for it you know does the wallet just do. For it you know does the wallet just do it for you that problem exists so if we it for you that problem exists so if we. It for you that problem exists so if we bundle it the problem exists if we don't bundle it the problem exists if we don't. Bundle it the problem exists if we don't bundle it problem still exists bundle it problem still exists. Bundle it problem still exists and to Thomas point about you know and to Thomas point about you know. and to Thomas point about you know the different use cases and your point the different use cases and your point. The different use cases and your point about wood wallages too and I think about wood wallages too and I think. About wood wallages too and I think that's that's fair like consumer wallets that's that's fair like consumer wallets. That's that's fair like consumer wallets are probably going to make some are probably going to make some. Are probably going to make some default decision around you want to have default decision around you want to have. Default decision around you want to have six months or a year for your balance six months or a year for your balance. Six months or a year for your balance and then you can recover from the and then you can recover from the. And then you can recover from the archive archive archive and it's those other power users that. and it's those other power users that and it's those other power users that. Are maybe gonna or those other are maybe gonna or those other are maybe gonna or those other. Composition use cases where composition use cases where composition use cases where. the rent is going to become more the rent is going to become more the rent is going to become more. Interesting because maybe in a interesting because maybe in a interesting because maybe in a. Composition use case you don't need that composition use case you don't need that. Composition use case you don't need that balance to have a starting rent of it balance to have a starting rent of it. Balance to have a starting rent of it six months that's it might be a waste of six months that's it might be a waste of. Six months that's it might be a waste of ease ease ease maybe you only need it for a day. Maybe you only need it for a day maybe you only need it for a day the thing is like from the for the wild. The thing is like from the for the wild the thing is like from the for the wild example I think the issue is that if we. Example I think the issue is that if we example I think the issue is that if we don't Define or if we don't allow. Don't Define or if we don't allow don't Define or if we don't allow contracts to Define rental Behavior. Contracts to Define rental Behavior contracts to Define rental Behavior the issue is token or wallet speak erc20. The issue is token or wallet speak erc20 the issue is token or wallet speak erc20. Which is an interface whereas rent bumps which is an interface whereas rent bumps. Which is an interface whereas rent bumps aren't an interface issue they're an aren't an interface issue they're an. Aren't an interface issue they're an implementation issue implementation issue implementation issue. So two different tokens could just be so two different tokens could just be so two different tokens could just be. Erc20 compliant but Implement erc20 in erc20 compliant but Implement erc20 in erc20 compliant but Implement erc20 in. Different ways so token a might have two different ways so token a might have two. Different ways so token a might have two entries you need to bump whereas token B. Entries you need to bump whereas token B entries you need to bump whereas token B. Just has one entry you need to bump so I just has one entry you need to bump so I. Just has one entry you need to bump so I feel like just kind of saying oh hey the. Feel like just kind of saying oh hey the feel like just kind of saying oh hey the. You know middle the middleware software you know middle the middleware software you know middle the middleware software. Is sophisticated enough to know how to is sophisticated enough to know how to is sophisticated enough to know how to. Bump I don't know if that's an bump I don't know if that's an bump I don't know if that's an. Assumption that can be made I mean I assumption that can be made I mean I assumption that can be made I mean I. Think we'd essentially like for wallets think we'd essentially like for wallets think we'd essentially like for wallets. We'd need like an erc20 rent version we'd need like an erc20 rent version we'd need like an erc20 rent version. That defines rent behavior in a way that defines rent behavior in a way that defines rent behavior in a way. Because I feel like because I feel like because I feel like I just think that just like the the key. I just think that just like the the key I just think that just like the the key structure is just so integral and so. Structure is just so integral and so structure is just so integral and so implementation specific I'm skeptical. Implementation specific I'm skeptical implementation specific I'm skeptical of leaving that up to anyone other than. Of leaving that up to anyone other than of leaving that up to anyone other than the contract developer. As long as there was an interesting as long as there was an interesting question from what's in the chapter. Question from what's in the chapter question from what's in the chapter regardings something like a liability. Regardings something like a liability regardings something like a liability. Balance and I think and as we're end balance and I think and as we're end balance and I think and as we're end. Goal we haven't been talking much about goal we haven't been talking much about goal we haven't been talking much about. This weather this weather this weather some cases the rent payments are needed. Some cases the rent payments are needed some cases the rent payments are needed at all because well interest can be. At all because well interest can be at all because well interest can be unarchived and in case of this liability. Unarchived and in case of this liability unarchived and in case of this liability. Balance for example yes it's maybe not balance for example yes it's maybe not balance for example yes it's maybe not. In the user interest for this entry to in the user interest for this entry to in the user interest for this entry to. Leave one kinds of Ledger leave one kinds of Ledger leave one kinds of Ledger but if you are using the unique. but if you are using the unique but if you are using the unique storage storage. Storage right it shouldn't be possible to at right it shouldn't be possible to at. Right it shouldn't be possible to at least recreate the sanction least recreate the sanction. Least recreate the sanction which the contract developer could which the contract developer could. which the contract developer could leverage I I'm not really familiar with leverage I I'm not really familiar with. Leverage I I'm not really familiar with this liability bones use cases like how this liability bones use cases like how. This liability bones use cases like how to force the user to actually to force the user to actually. To force the user to actually pay your availability but you know if pay your availability but you know if. Pay your availability but you know if you want them to continue their contract you want them to continue their contract. You want them to continue their contract you can just benefit from the unique you can just benefit from the unique. You can just benefit from the unique entry and it doesn't really matter if it entry and it doesn't really matter if it. Entry and it doesn't really matter if it got archived right because it won't be got archived right because it won't be. Got archived right because it won't be recreatable and users just won't be able recreatable and users just won't be able. Recreatable and users just won't be able to reuse the contract I don't know what to reuse the contract I don't know what. To reuse the contract I don't know what is the other unfortunately is the other unfortunately. Is the other unfortunately mechanisms but basically the point I mechanisms but basically the point I. Mechanisms but basically the point I wanted to make it's wanted to make it's wanted to make it's. Probably not super bad if interest probably not super bad if interest probably not super bad if interest. Sometimes get evicted from the ledgers sometimes get evicted from the ledgers sometimes get evicted from the ledgers. This is kind of by Design especially if this is kind of by Design especially if this is kind of by Design especially if. It's rarely accessible and it's a it's rarely accessible and it's a it's rarely accessible and it's a. Downside hopefully isn't is that huge so downside hopefully isn't is that huge so. Downside hopefully isn't is that huge so probably that while we are talking here probably that while we are talking here. Probably that while we are talking here about how bumps work we should recognize about how bumps work we should recognize. About how bumps work we should recognize that that that you know you know you know. We should make sure that the ux for we should make sure that the ux for we should make sure that the ux for. Actually actually actually restoring the entry in Ledger is saying restoring the entry in Ledger is saying. Restoring the entry in Ledger is saying now so that even if you cannot mess up now so that even if you cannot mess up. Now so that even if you cannot mess up the pump project you still not the pump project you still not. The pump project you still not In Too Deep of a trouble In Too Deep of a trouble. In Too Deep of a trouble which which which I don't know if anything something else. I don't know if anything something else I don't know if anything something else for the liability use case. In the liability case you know the in the liability case you know the the library still exists right just it. The library still exists right just it the library still exists right just it may not be unledgeable because it. May not be unledgeable because it may not be unledgeable because it expired expired. Expired so and anyone can recreate it so I so and anyone can recreate it so I. so and anyone can recreate it so I don't know if it's a don't know if it's a don't know if it's a. is that an actual concern is that an actual concern is that an actual concern. Right as long as you understand that the right as long as you understand that the. Right as long as you understand that the liability is there like you know you liability is there like you know you. Liability is there like you know you could anyone can recreate it and put it could anyone can recreate it and put it. Could anyone can recreate it and put it back in the Ledger or I think back in the Ledger or I think . Back in the Ledger or I think recreate's not the the correct word here recreate's not the the correct word here. Recreate's not the the correct word here but restore it because like in Europe in. But restore it because like in Europe in but restore it because like in Europe in. The example you gave essentially what the example you gave essentially what the example you gave essentially what. Would happen is if it expired would happen is if it expired would happen is if it expired. and a user tried to do it it's you and a user tried to do it it's you and a user tried to do it it's you. You if you use the unique storage you if you use the unique storage you if you use the unique storage. Interface which you should for this interface which you should for this interface which you should for this. Particular use case then the contract particular use case then the contract particular use case then the contract. Knows that the thing is in the archive knows that the thing is in the archive knows that the thing is in the archive. because that's one of the benefits of because that's one of the benefits of. because that's one of the benefits of unique storage is that it essentially unique storage is that it essentially. Unique storage is that it essentially provides information if the entries in provides information if the entries in. Provides information if the entries in the archive are not and so through the the archive are not and so through the. The archive are not and so through the unique storage interface you know that unique storage interface you know that. Unique storage interface you know that the liability exists somewhere and so the liability exists somewhere and so. The liability exists somewhere and so the transaction just fails but the the transaction just fails but the. The transaction just fails but the liabilities not live because you can't liabilities not live because you can't. Liabilities not live because you can't check it and so I don't think there's a check it and so I don't think there's a. Check it and so I don't think there's a security risk in the rent because I security risk in the rent because I. Security risk in the rent because I think rent should never be used for think rent should never be used for. Think rent should never be used for like lifetime management or something like lifetime management or something. Like lifetime management or something like that that's a temporary entry like that that's a temporary entry. Like that that's a temporary entry concern concern concern so I think like concerns as to like. so I think like concerns as to like so I think like concerns as to like expiration are handled via the. Expiration are handled via the expiration are handled via the recreatable and unique interface rent is. Recreatable and unique interface rent is recreatable and unique interface rent is. Just more of a convenience factor just more of a convenience factor just more of a convenience factor. because how you pay rent shouldn't because how you pay rent shouldn't because how you pay rent shouldn't. Have any functional differences it might have any functional differences it might. Have any functional differences it might just make your operation slower if you just make your operation slower if you. Just make your operation slower if you need to go restore something but I think high level here I think. But I think high level here I think kind of what I'm understanding is we kind of what I'm understanding is we. Kind of what I'm understanding is we probably want to investigate rent probably want to investigate rent. Probably want to investigate rent information the footprint I think information the footprint I think. Information the footprint I think whether that looks like a per key rent whether that looks like a per key rent. Whether that looks like a per key rent or an overall rent bump or something or an overall rent bump or something. Or an overall rent bump or something like that like that like that is still TBD but I think if I understand. Is still TBD but I think if I understand is still TBD but I think if I understand. Correctly that's kind of correctly that's kind of correctly that's kind of demo that is that kind of like I. demo that is that kind of like I demo that is that kind of like I don't know fulfills your. Don't know fulfills your don't know fulfills your you're not allowing smart contracts to. You're not allowing smart contracts to you're not allowing smart contracts to game the system but kind of still. Game the system but kind of still game the system but kind of still allowing smart contracts to Define some. Allowing smart contracts to Define some allowing smart contracts to Define some behaviors at. Behaviors at behaviors at I guess investing is something the I guess investing is something the. I guess investing is something the footprint is that kind of the idea we footprint is that kind of the idea we. Footprint is that kind of the idea we want to go forward with on this issue want to go forward with on this issue. Want to go forward with on this issue yeah and is that the way like I'm not yeah and is that the way like I'm not. Yeah and is that the way like I'm not necessarily against this but like I see necessarily against this but like I see. Necessarily against this but like I see some issues with this approach but some issues with this approach but. Some issues with this approach but probably it makes more sense than just probably it makes more sense than just. Probably it makes more sense than just you know asking contract developer to you know asking contract developer to. You know asking contract developer to to write the manual pumps it's to write the manual pumps it's . to write the manual pumps it's both complicated and those are wrong both complicated and those are wrong. Both complicated and those are wrong yeah and I think we really need to yeah and I think we really need to. Yeah and I think we really need to think about the initial balances like think about the initial balances like. Think about the initial balances like even though as I mentioned lately it even though as I mentioned lately it. Even though as I mentioned lately it might be kind of problematic to Define might be kind of problematic to Define. Might be kind of problematic to Define it in a general case we it in a general case we. It in a general case we we should think about what what is the we should think about what what is the. We should think about what what is the same default value very easily like even same default value very easily like even. Same default value very easily like even if it's not customizable because it's if it's not customizable because it's. If it's not customizable because it's kind of an interesting problem as well kind of an interesting problem as well. Kind of an interesting problem as well right like you don't want to create an right like you don't want to create an. Right like you don't want to create an entry that lives like for a really short entry that lives like for a really short. Entry that lives like for a really short period of time that you don't want to period of time that you don't want to. Period of time that you don't want to overcharge users well we actually have a overcharge users well we actually have a. Overcharge users well we actually have a implementation specific value for this implementation specific value for this. Implementation specific value for this which is I think at the bottom of the which is I think at the bottom of the. which is I think at the bottom of the rent proposal which is based on the rent proposal which is based on the. Rent proposal which is based on the structure of the bucket list and how structure of the bucket list and how. Structure of the bucket list and how archiving Works archiving Works archiving Works. minimum rent balance has to be enough minimum rent balance has to be enough. minimum rent balance has to be enough rent for the entry to live into level rent for the entry to live into level. Rent for the entry to live into level six six six which I believe is 4 000 ledgers. which I believe is 4 000 ledgers which I believe is 4 000 ledgers and so we can make the default higher. and so we can make the default higher and so we can make the default higher. Than that than that than that but that is the absolute minimum just but that is the absolute minimum just. but that is the absolute minimum just from an implementation standpoint the. From an implementation standpoint the from an implementation standpoint the. Minimum has to be at least four thousand minimum has to be at least four thousand. Minimum has to be at least four thousand ledgers ledgers ledgers if that value is too low then if like. if that value is too low then if like if that value is too low then if like. I think that's I think that's I think that's what four thousand times five seconds. what four thousand times five seconds what four thousand times five seconds. I think that's like a day or something I think that's like a day or something I think that's like a day or something. Maybe 12 hours maybe 12 hours maybe 12 hours exactly but I mean if that's too low we. Exactly but I mean if that's too low we exactly but I mean if that's too low we can increase it but we can't we can't. Can increase it but we can't we can't can increase it but we can't we can't. Go lower than that go lower than that go lower than that and but that's kind of interesting right. And but that's kind of interesting right and but that's kind of interesting right. Because if you think about something you because if you think about something you. Because if you think about something you can balance you would think like about can balance you would think like about. Can balance you would think like about months of life and five hours is like months of life and five hours is like. Months of life and five hours is like why less than that so yeah that's what why less than that so yeah that's what. Why less than that so yeah that's what I'm saying like I guess we will need to I'm saying like I guess we will need to. I'm saying like I guess we will need to see what's the actual prices will be see what's the actual prices will be. See what's the actual prices will be because because because it seems really counterintuitive that. It seems really counterintuitive that it seems really counterintuitive that the entries that are kind of supposed to. The entries that are kind of supposed to the entries that are kind of supposed to. Be permanent entries in The Ledger be permanent entries in The Ledger be permanent entries in The Ledger. Are at the same time very short Cliff are at the same time very short Cliff are at the same time very short Cliff. Because we hopefully will be able to because we hopefully will be able to because we hopefully will be able to. Create temporary entries that are alive create temporary entries that are alive create temporary entries that are alive. For let's say weeks right for let's say weeks right for let's say weeks right but at the same time I think there's. But at the same time I think there's but at the same time I think there's also a valid use case for a qualm quote. Also a valid use case for a qualm quote also a valid use case for a qualm quote short-lived. Short-lived short-lived for instance like if I just want to for instance like if I just want to. for instance like if I just want to initialize a cold store wallet I like initialize a cold store wallet I like. Initialize a cold store wallet I like initialize it transfer a million usdc initialize it transfer a million usdc. Initialize it transfer a million usdc and then don't want to use it for 10 and then don't want to use it for 10. And then don't want to use it for 10 years I mean it makes sense to just give years I mean it makes sense to just give. Years I mean it makes sense to just give the minimum rent balance pay that and the minimum rent balance pay that and. The minimum rent balance pay that and then let go into the archive because I'm then let go into the archive because I'm. Then let go into the archive because I'm not going to use it for a while not going to use it for a while. Not going to use it for a while so I think that there's still I think so I think that there's still I think. so I think that there's still I think keeping the minimum low probably keeping the minimum low probably. Keeping the minimum low probably provides the most flexibility provides the most flexibility. Provides the most flexibility but I guess kind of what I was but I guess kind of what I was. but I guess kind of what I was imagining from a functional standpoint imagining from a functional standpoint. Imagining from a functional standpoint is you would probably want to just is you would probably want to just. Is you would probably want to just create all entries with the minimum rent create all entries with the minimum rent. Create all entries with the minimum rent balance initially balance initially balance initially. but then be able to essentially like but then be able to essentially like but then be able to essentially like. Bundle bundle bundle and immediately run bump was kind of and immediately run bump was kind of. and immediately run bump was kind of what I had in mind what I had in mind what I had in mind. from a from an implementation from a from an implementation from a from an implementation. Standpoint that would probably be standpoint that would probably be standpoint that would probably be. Easiest now if we don't provide a host easiest now if we don't provide a host easiest now if we don't provide a host. Function or if we don't provide a function or if we don't provide a function or if we don't provide a. Footprint approach footprint approach footprint approach that becomes challenging because you. That becomes challenging because you that becomes challenging because you essentially have to bundle operations at. Essentially have to bundle operations at essentially have to bundle operations at. That point which I don't think would be that point which I don't think would be that point which I don't think would be. Really possible to implement you'd have really possible to implement you'd have really possible to implement you'd have. To implement that to implement that to implement that not in not in not in. The sore bomb but somewhere else the sore bomb but somewhere else the sore bomb but somewhere else. but I think but I think but I think if we have some sort of footprint if we have some sort of footprint. If we have some sort of footprint approach I think that would probably be approach I think that would probably be. Approach I think that would probably be the best way is just to default the best way is just to default. The best way is just to default initialize every restorable entry with initialize every restorable entry with. Initialize every restorable entry with the four thousand letters worth of rent the four thousand letters worth of rent. The four thousand letters worth of rent and then if the footprint defines any and then if the footprint defines any. And then if the footprint defines any additional bumps provide those Bumps additional bumps provide those Bumps. Additional bumps provide those Bumps by the footprint interface yeah I think I think that sounds really. Yeah I think I think that sounds really good I and I just sort of lean further good I and I just sort of lean further. Good I and I just sort of lean further on it I do think I assume we're still on it I do think I assume we're still. On it I do think I assume we're still talking about the contract still is the talking about the contract still is the. Talking about the contract still is the one that can do that auxiliary bump so one that can do that auxiliary bump so. One that can do that auxiliary bump so ideally you know in the best case ideally you know in the best case. Ideally you know in the best case scenario the contract developer has scenario the contract developer has. Scenario the contract developer has given this thought and they're acting in given this thought and they're acting in. Given this thought and they're acting in good faith good faith good faith sorry they're doing the right thing. sorry they're doing the right thing sorry they're doing the right thing and they're just using that auxiliary. And they're just using that auxiliary and they're just using that auxiliary bump for the records that need to be. Bump for the records that need to be bump for the records that need to be used so they might not exactly re-bump. Used so they might not exactly re-bump used so they might not exactly re-bump everything. Everything everything but the worst case scenario is that but the worst case scenario is that. but the worst case scenario is that they do they do they do you know they don't really think about. You know they don't really think about you know they don't really think about it and they do bump everything in the. It and they do bump everything in the it and they do bump everything in the footprint so as a user you do sort of. Footprint so as a user you do sort of footprint so as a user you do sort of have a some boundaries in place it's not. Have a some boundaries in place it's not have a some boundaries in place it's not. Like a malicious user can do like a malicious user can do like a malicious user can do. Lots of damage lots of damage lots of damage they can at worse only bump they can at worse only bump. they can at worse only bump everything that's in the footprint which everything that's in the footprint which. Everything that's in the footprint which would be of limited size anyway would be of limited size anyway. Would be of limited size anyway yeah and in the case that the contract yeah and in the case that the contract. Yeah and in the case that the contract is malicious is malicious is malicious then like a a powerful a power user. then like a a powerful a power user then like a a powerful a power user or if a power user just thought they. Or if a power user just thought they or if a power user just thought they knew better than the contract they could. Knew better than the contract they could knew better than the contract they could. Always just set their you know auxiliary always just set their you know auxiliary. Always just set their you know auxiliary bump to zero and then even if the smart bump to zero and then even if the smart. Bump to zero and then even if the smart contract tried to bump everything in the contract tried to bump everything in the. Contract tried to bump everything in the footprint footprint footprint you wouldn't you wouldn't be screwed. you wouldn't you wouldn't be screwed you wouldn't you wouldn't be screwed and you could just essentially get. And you could just essentially get and you could just essentially get around the auxiliary Behavior if you had. Around the auxiliary Behavior if you had around the auxiliary Behavior if you had. Motivation to do so motivation to do so motivation to do so I think oh sorry timer no I just. I think oh sorry timer no I just I think oh sorry timer no I just wanted to say that I wouldn't put too. Wanted to say that I wouldn't put too wanted to say that I wouldn't put too much effort into protecting against like. Much effort into protecting against like much effort into protecting against like. Malicious smart contracts you know if malicious smart contracts you know if. Malicious smart contracts you know if a smart contract is malicious there's a smart contract is malicious there's. A smart contract is malicious there's like plenty of other ways that it can like plenty of other ways that it can. Like plenty of other ways that it can screw you over and so trying to screw you over and so trying to. Screw you over and so trying to protect the against malicious smart protect the against malicious smart. Protect the against malicious smart contractors trying to protect against contractors trying to protect against. Contractors trying to protect against like buggy smart contracts is you know like buggy smart contracts is you know. Like buggy smart contracts is you know it's it's a it's it's a it's it's a it's a fight you can't win. It's a fight you can't win it's a fight you can't win yeah I actually yeah I think that's. Yeah I actually yeah I think that's yeah I actually yeah I think that's yeah I wanted to say I don't fully. Yeah I wanted to say I don't fully yeah I wanted to say I don't fully agree with this because really if you. Agree with this because really if you agree with this because really if you think about us. Think about us think about us like any token operations need to be like any token operations need to be. like any token operations need to be explicitly signed explicitly signed explicitly signed. And wait wait my concern about all and wait wait my concern about all and wait wait my concern about all. This customizable pump stuff is that this customizable pump stuff is that this customizable pump stuff is that. Basically you kind of are doing very basically you kind of are doing very basically you kind of are doing very. Implicit operation on a token which is implicit operation on a token which is implicit operation on a token which is. Much added to interpret because other much added to interpret because other much added to interpret because other. Reason that really things that kind of reason that really things that kind of reason that really things that kind of. Can impact the user are probably out can impact the user are probably out can impact the user are probably out. Authorized explicitly while here you authorized explicitly while here you authorized explicitly while here you. Have something implicit which is why I'm have something implicit which is why I'm. Have something implicit which is why I'm more concerned about that than about the. More concerned about that than about the more concerned about that than about the. Contracts they just trying to please contracts they just trying to please contracts they just trying to please. Show like 100 xlm from you for no show like 100 xlm from you for no show like 100 xlm from you for no. Good reason because that's at least very good reason because that's at least very. Good reason because that's at least very easy to trace and explain whereas like easy to trace and explain whereas like. Easy to trace and explain whereas like you know with you're paying rent for you know with you're paying rent for. You know with you're paying rent for something you shouldn't be paying rent something you shouldn't be paying rent. Something you shouldn't be paying rent for much harder to evaluate you'll be able to print everything but. You'll be able to print everything but I wouldn't just dismiss the same it I wouldn't just dismiss the same it. I wouldn't just dismiss the same it cannot do anything I think we kind of cannot do anything I think we kind of. Cannot do anything I think we kind of can try to be a bit more conservative can try to be a bit more conservative. Can try to be a bit more conservative here here here I mean like it's not like this is you're. I mean like it's not like this is you're I mean like it's not like this is you're. Signing a transaction this is coming out signing a transaction this is coming out. Signing a transaction this is coming out of your wallet I mean all of these fees of your wallet I mean all of these fees. Of your wallet I mean all of these fees are coming from refundable fee right are coming from refundable fee right. Are coming from refundable fee right like even if you do like the you know like even if you do like the you know. Like even if you do like the you know auxiliary rent bump auxiliary rent auxiliary rent bump auxiliary rent. Auxiliary rent bump auxiliary rent bump is still coming out refundable fee bump is still coming out refundable fee. Bump is still coming out refundable fee and so you have an upper bound right and and so you have an upper bound right and. And so you have an upper bound right and so I guess feel like if a contract is so I guess feel like if a contract is. So I guess feel like if a contract is malicious or buggy I mean you pre-flight malicious or buggy I mean you pre-flight. Malicious or buggy I mean you pre-flight and you're like oh wow this refundable and you're like oh wow this refundable. And you're like oh wow this refundable fee is like absurdly high you're not fee is like absurdly high you're not. Fee is like absurdly high you're not going to submit that transaction and so going to submit that transaction and so. Going to submit that transaction and so I think because we kind of have like I think because we kind of have like. I think because we kind of have like this safe bound both if we provide a this safe bound both if we provide a. This safe bound both if we provide a parameter in the footprint to Define parameter in the footprint to Define. Parameter in the footprint to Define the amount of bump to rent that's one the amount of bump to rent that's one. the amount of bump to rent that's one bound plus just the amount of fees you bound plus just the amount of fees you. Bound plus just the amount of fees you have is another Bound in refundable fee have is another Bound in refundable fee. Have is another Bound in refundable fee so I feel like those two things so I feel like those two things. So I feel like those two things bound the damage pretty well such that I bound the damage pretty well such that I. Bound the damage pretty well such that I think that the rewards the ux rewards. Think that the rewards the ux rewards think that the rewards the ux rewards. Outweigh the potential drawbacks just outweigh the potential drawbacks just outweigh the potential drawbacks just. Because it's so bounded and because it's because it's so bounded and because it's. Because it's so bounded and because it's fee based and not token based yeah I mean if he exposes refundable fee. Yeah I mean if he exposes refundable fee in explicit Fashions and great kind of in explicit Fashions and great kind of. In explicit Fashions and great kind of voluminous same book yeah just to be voluminous same book yeah just to be. Voluminous same book yeah just to be clear all all rent payments come from a clear all all rent payments come from a. Clear all all rent payments come from a fundable fee both the automatic payments fundable fee both the automatic payments. Fundable fee both the automatic payments and the auxiliary rent bump host and the auxiliary rent bump host. And the auxiliary rent bump host function would also draw the funds from function would also draw the funds from. Function would also draw the funds from refundable fee cool I think cool I think just responding to China's comment about. Just responding to China's comment about just responding to China's comment about. You know let's not focus too heavily on you know let's not focus too heavily on you know let's not focus too heavily on. Malicious malicious malicious I get it I think this design I get it I think this design. I get it I think this design does does does lender itself well to just just. lender itself well to just just lender itself well to just just separating the responsibility so they. Separating the responsibility so they separating the responsibility so they land on you know the response to parties. Land on you know the response to parties land on you know the response to parties. That are best that are best that are best equipped to handle those equipped to handle those. equipped to handle those responsibilities the fact and I think responsibilities the fact and I think. Responsibilities the fact and I think just naturally out of that you know we just naturally out of that you know we. Just naturally out of that you know we get a slightly better story for what can get a slightly better story for what can. Get a slightly better story for what can a contract do malicious for you but I a contract do malicious for you but I. A contract do malicious for you but I don't think this is really don't think this is really. Don't think this is really fully solves that problem like you fully solves that problem like you. fully solves that problem like you said so said so said so and nor do we nor can we. I mean I think it puts sufficient I mean I think it puts sufficient boundaries in place that. Boundaries in place that boundaries in place that any sort of malicious behavior. any sort of malicious behavior any sort of malicious behavior wouldn't wouldn't. Wouldn't wouldn't be outrageous so I think I think we so I think I think we probably have a pretty good feel of. Probably have a pretty good feel of probably have a pretty good feel of the rent pump issue if if there are. The rent pump issue if if there are the rent pump issue if if there are any final comments I think we have like. Any final comments I think we have like any final comments I think we have like 10 minutes left if we want to move on to. 10 minutes left if we want to move on to 10 minutes left if we want to move on to. A second topic any last parting words so a second topic any last parting words so. A second topic any last parting words so we don't actually have a second topic we don't actually have a second topic. We don't actually have a second topic for today or I mean it might be a for today or I mean it might be a. For today or I mean it might be a second rent topic I mean sorry oh okay second rent topic I mean sorry oh okay. Second rent topic I mean sorry oh okay there's the second one topic and then there's the second one topic and then. There's the second one topic and then the third and the fourth sorry the third and the fourth sorry. The third and the fourth sorry yeah I think like it's it's very yeah I think like it's it's very. yeah I think like it's it's very clear that a it sounds like in terms of clear that a it sounds like in terms of. Clear that a it sounds like in terms of like implementing and move forward like implementing and move forward . Like implementing and move forward you know obviously it's the bumping you know obviously it's the bumping. You know obviously it's the bumping by Ledger key is is a building block by Ledger key is is a building block. By Ledger key is is a building block that we need anyway so we can you that we need anyway so we can you. That we need anyway so we can you know keep in implementing in that know keep in implementing in that. Know keep in implementing in that direction and it does sound like we need direction and it does sound like we need. Direction and it does sound like we need to potentially like enumerate all the. to potentially like enumerate all the to potentially like enumerate all the. Options for how the contract exposes you know more fine great information you know more fine great information. About you know what Ledger keys are about you know what Ledger keys are about you know what Ledger keys are. Actually associated with an account actually associated with an account actually associated with an account . Whether it's through whether it's through whether it's through the host function you describe whether. The host function you describe whether the host function you describe whether it's through the Ledger footprint maybe. It's through the Ledger footprint maybe it's through the Ledger footprint maybe it's even just I don't know like an. It's even just I don't know like an it's even just I don't know like an ecosystem standard for you know there's. Ecosystem standard for you know there's ecosystem standard for you know there's a function you can call that gives you. A function you can call that gives you a function you can call that gives you all the Ledger keys that are associated. All the Ledger keys that are associated all the Ledger keys that are associated with an account. With an account with an account so I think we just need to like so I think we just need to like. so I think we just need to like enumerate over all of these and probably enumerate over all of these and probably. Enumerate over all of these and probably like revisit them no I think that makes sense I think . No I think that makes sense I think we probably need to iterate on this we probably need to iterate on this. We probably need to iterate on this design a little bit but I think we have design a little bit but I think we have. Design a little bit but I think we have some good building blocks from the some good building blocks from the. Some good building blocks from the conversation conversation conversation now yeah so I guess we all have a. Now yeah so I guess we all have a now yeah so I guess we all have a ton of time but I'll introduce this I'm. Ton of time but I'll introduce this I'm ton of time but I'll introduce this I'm kind of the second rent related issue. Kind of the second rent related issue kind of the second rent related issue and we also have a a temporary entry. And we also have a a temporary entry and we also have a a temporary entry related issue that we won't get to today. Related issue that we won't get to today related issue that we won't get to today. but for rent there's also an issue of but for rent there's also an issue of. but for rent there's also an issue of outstanding rent balance when things are. Outstanding rent balance when things are outstanding rent balance when things are. Deleted so I think I don't know how deleted so I think I don't know how deleted so I think I don't know how. Often often often this will actually come up in this will actually come up in. this will actually come up in practice as two entries being deleted practice as two entries being deleted. Practice as two entries being deleted with large amounts of outstanding rent with large amounts of outstanding rent. With large amounts of outstanding rent balance balance balance but initially it seems reasonable to. but initially it seems reasonable to but initially it seems reasonable to refund. Refund refund the rent balance to the invoker of the rent balance to the invoker of. the rent balance to the invoker of the delete operation the delete operation the delete operation. this kind of provides Network this kind of provides Network this kind of provides Network. Incentive to delete entries which we do incentive to delete entries which we do incentive to delete entries which we do. Want to have because we want you know if want to have because we want you know if. Want to have because we want you know if an entry is not going to be used we want. An entry is not going to be used we want an entry is not going to be used we want. To provide incentives somehow for it to to provide incentives somehow for it to to provide incentives somehow for it to. Be deleted before it hits the archive be deleted before it hits the archive be deleted before it hits the archive. Because once it hits the archive it because once it hits the archive it because once it hits the archive it. Stored in the archive indefinitely Or stored in the archive indefinitely Or stored in the archive indefinitely Or. Intel restored at least and so to keep Intel restored at least and so to keep Intel restored at least and so to keep. The archive size small even though it's the archive size small even though it's the archive size small even though it's. Not as big of an issue as having a large not as big of an issue as having a large. Not as big of an issue as having a large Mouse and The Ledger we still want to Mouse and The Ledger we still want to. Mouse and The Ledger we still want to incentivize deletion incentivize deletion incentivize deletion. The issue is if you provide rent balance the issue is if you provide rent balance. The issue is if you provide rent balance refunds on deletion refunds on deletion refunds on deletion. You open the door to some sophisticated you open the door to some sophisticated you open the door to some sophisticated. Tax and to some kind of patterns so the tax and to some kind of patterns so the tax and to some kind of patterns so the. Issue is that even though many different issue is that even though many different. Issue is that even though many different users might be contributing to the rent users might be contributing to the rent. Users might be contributing to the rent fund or many different accounts might be fund or many different accounts might be. Fund or many different accounts might be funding the rent balance only a single funding the rent balance only a single. Funding the rent balance only a single account redeems the rewards when it's account redeems the rewards when it's. Account redeems the rewards when it's deleted and especially since we are deleted and especially since we are. Deleted and especially since we are defining this automatic rent bump at the defining this automatic rent bump at the. Defining this automatic rent bump at the protocol layer this could lead open protocol layer this could lead open. Protocol layer this could lead open the door to some interesting attacks so the door to some interesting attacks so. The door to some interesting attacks so for instance say you have like a for instance say you have like a. For instance say you have like a contract that's used very often like an contract that's used very often like an. Contract that's used very often like an amm or a big decks what they could do is amm or a big decks what they could do is. Amm or a big decks what they could do is they could just touch one key on they could just touch one key on. They could just touch one key on every invocation and it could have like every invocation and it could have like. Every invocation and it could have like an innocuous name it could be called an innocuous name it could be called. An innocuous name it could be called like off entry or like auth check or like off entry or like auth check or. Like off entry or like auth check or something like that something that would something like that something that would. Something like that something that would be difficult to detect in the code be difficult to detect in the code. Be difficult to detect in the code auditing auditing auditing and then they could just like. and then they could just like and then they could just like essentially have 10 xlm or whatever like. Essentially have 10 xlm or whatever like essentially have 10 xlm or whatever like. Or 10 letters worth of rent or the or 10 letters worth of rent or the or 10 letters worth of rent or the. Minimum rent balance just continually be minimum rent balance just continually be. Minimum rent balance just continually be added to this object and then added to this object and then. Added to this object and then periodically the admin could then call periodically the admin could then call. Periodically the admin could then call an admin function that just deletes and an admin function that just deletes and. An admin function that just deletes and recreates this object essentially recreates this object essentially. Recreates this object essentially getting all the rent balance getting all the rent balance. Getting all the rent balance this is kind of a malicious attack this is kind of a malicious attack. this is kind of a malicious attack but even a non-malicious attack you but even a non-malicious attack you. But even a non-malicious attack you could imagine where many different users could imagine where many different users. Could imagine where many different users are contributing to like some swap or. Are contributing to like some swap or are contributing to like some swap or. Something like that the swap has a large something like that the swap has a large. Something like that the swap has a large amount of rent and then whoever like amount of rent and then whoever like . Amount of rent and then whoever like liquidates the swap liquidates the swap liquidates the swap. or liquidates or or liquidates or or liquidates or drains liquidity pull and deletes the. drains liquidity pull and deletes the drains liquidity pull and deletes the. Entry can also get this additional rent entry can also get this additional rent entry can also get this additional rent. Balance that was paid for by many balance that was paid for by many balance that was paid for by many. Different users and so because of these different users and so because of these different users and so because of these. Two issues it seems that we don't want two issues it seems that we don't want two issues it seems that we don't want. To refund rent balance on deletion just to refund rent balance on deletion just to refund rent balance on deletion just. Have any outstanding rent balance be have any outstanding rent balance be have any outstanding rent balance be. Burned whenever you delete something burned whenever you delete something burned whenever you delete something. that doesn't seem like a great that doesn't seem like a great that doesn't seem like a great. Interface but there doesn't seem to be a interface but there doesn't seem to be a. Interface but there doesn't seem to be a good way of refunding rent without good way of refunding rent without. Good way of refunding rent without running into these weird edge cases that running into these weird edge cases that. Running into these weird edge cases that can be gamed so I guess thoughts in can be gamed so I guess thoughts in. Can be gamed so I guess thoughts in General on rent refunds and if we should General on rent refunds and if we should. General on rent refunds and if we should think about this in a different way think about this in a different way. Think about this in a different way just wanted to mention that we have just wanted to mention that we have. Just wanted to mention that we have considered an alternative for considered an alternative for. Considered an alternative for we would record which account has we would record which account has. we would record which account has created the entry and then refunds that created the entry and then refunds that. Created the entry and then refunds that account account account but besides the fact that it doesn't. but besides the fact that it doesn't but besides the fact that it doesn't avoid all the possible issues. Avoid all the possible issues avoid all the possible issues the problem with this approach is. the problem with this approach is the problem with this approach is that that. That it's really like adding a significant it's really like adding a significant. it's really like adding a significant amount of Ledger space and it's not amount of Ledger space and it's not. Amount of Ledger space and it's not obvious whether the additional fee obvious whether the additional fee. Obvious whether the additional fee incurred by the fact that you are incurred by the fact that you are. Incurred by the fact that you are writing bigger entries will be offset writing bigger entries will be offset. Writing bigger entries will be offset enough with your refunds I mean we have enough with your refunds I mean we have. Enough with your refunds I mean we have discussed this in a bit different discussed this in a bit different. Discussed this in a bit different context but I think it still applies context but I think it still applies. Context but I think it still applies here like we are increasing entries here like we are increasing entries. Here like we are increasing entries sometimes quite significantly sometimes quite significantly. Sometimes quite significantly and we want to refund someone so it's and we want to refund someone so it's. And we want to refund someone so it's not clear if this is not positive or not not clear if this is not positive or not. Not clear if this is not positive or not which is why that's probably not a good which is why that's probably not a good. Which is why that's probably not a good option I would also say that the that option I would also say that the that. Option I would also say that the that particular alternative was in the particular alternative was in the. Particular alternative was in the context of temporary entries which have context of temporary entries which have. Context of temporary entries which have a single pair I don't think that a single pair I don't think that. A single pair I don't think that approach would work in approach would work in approach would work in. the restorable entries with rent the restorable entries with rent the restorable entries with rent. Balances because many different users balances because many different users. Balances because many different users in addition to the user that created in addition to the user that created. In addition to the user that created could be paying into rent fees so for could be paying into rent fees so for. Could be paying into rent fees so for instance you can imagine like the the instance you can imagine like the the. Instance you can imagine like the the contract admin created the entry with contract admin created the entry with. Contract admin created the entry with the minimum balance and then every user the minimum balance and then every user. The minimum balance and then every user the contract bumps it up to a very high the contract bumps it up to a very high. The contract bumps it up to a very high state or to a very large amount of rent state or to a very large amount of rent. State or to a very large amount of rent because it was used frequently in touch because it was used frequently in touch. Because it was used frequently in touch frequently it doesn't make sense that frequently it doesn't make sense that. Frequently it doesn't make sense that the outstanding balance should go to the the outstanding balance should go to the. The outstanding balance should go to the original Creator who only paid them rent. Original Creator who only paid them rent original Creator who only paid them rent. So yeah context of 10 Ventures that so yeah context of 10 Ventures that so yeah context of 10 Ventures that. Works but doesn't really work in the works but doesn't really work in the works but doesn't really work in the. Restorable entry context restorable entry context restorable entry context yes it's kind of fair but. Yes it's kind of fair but yes it's kind of fair but also I want to say that you do not allow. Also I want to say that you do not allow also I want to say that you do not allow. The leading contracts currently and they the leading contracts currently and they. The leading contracts currently and they I don't think people so or this is not I don't think people so or this is not. I don't think people so or this is not this is for contract data not for this is for contract data not for. This is for contract data not for contract instances right yeah but but contract instances right yeah but but. Contract instances right yeah but but yeah I imagine like the most common yeah I imagine like the most common. Yeah I imagine like the most common shared data is through the contract shared data is through the contract. Shared data is through the contract instance but but yeah anyway I just instance but but yeah anyway I just. Instance but but yeah anyway I just wanted to say that the alternative was wanted to say that the alternative was. Wanted to say that the alternative was out there and yeah as you said it out there and yeah as you said it. Out there and yeah as you said it doesn't solve those issues and it also doesn't solve those issues and it also. Doesn't solve those issues and it also has a significant cost attached to it has a significant cost attached to it. Has a significant cost attached to it which is why yeah I guess are there any objections to. Yeah I guess are there any objections to burning rent or outstanding rent burning rent or outstanding rent. Burning rent or outstanding rent balances balances balances because it seems on paper to not be a. because it seems on paper to not be a because it seems on paper to not be a. Great interface but I think it's great interface but I think it's great interface but I think it's. Probably the best and most Fair way to probably the best and most Fair way to probably the best and most Fair way to. Go about things Garen how is this handled in other Garen how is this handled in other. Networks or is this just in the context networks or is this just in the context networks or is this just in the context. Of the state inspiration this is just of the state inspiration this is just. Of the state inspiration this is just in the context of State expiration no in the context of State expiration no. In the context of State expiration no other network has like rent balances other network has like rent balances. Other network has like rent balances like this so I don't think there's like this so I don't think there's. Like this so I don't think there's really any pre pre-context or right really any pre pre-context or right. Really any pre pre-context or right but on the evm you do get a refund for but on the evm you do get a refund for. But on the evm you do get a refund for clearing space right clearing space right clearing space right. Yeah so you'd still like get Base yeah so you'd still like get Base yeah so you'd still like get Base. Reserve back and stuff like that reserve back and stuff like that reserve back and stuff like that. but I think it's difficult because I but I think it's difficult because I but I think it's difficult because I. Mean on the evm there's still like one mean on the evm there's still like one mean on the evm there's still like one. Pair and then the refund is pair and then the refund is pair and then the refund is. Relatively small whereas here the rent relatively small whereas here the rent relatively small whereas here the rent. Balance could be a somewhat significant balance could be a somewhat significant balance could be a somewhat significant. Value value value potentially and there's also multiple potentially and there's also multiple. potentially and there's also multiple payers which complicate things a little payers which complicate things a little. Payers which complicate things a little bit more okay okay so I think we're at time and. so I think we're at time and so I think we're at time and obviously obviously. Obviously I think we all need to think about that I think we all need to think about that. I think we all need to think about that some more so maybe start a thread in some more so maybe start a thread in. Some more so maybe start a thread in sorobondev on on refunds and we can sorobondev on on refunds and we can. Sorobondev on on refunds and we can revisit that later sounds good well thank you all. Sounds good well thank you all foreign foreign foreign thank you all and see you next week.
