Okay let's go ahead and get started okay let's go ahead and get started thank you everyone for joining today's. Thank you everyone for joining today's thank you everyone for joining today's . Stellar development foundation quarterly Stellar development foundation quarterly. Stellar development foundation quarterly call call call we are very excited to have you all on. We are very excited to have you all on we are very excited to have you all on today . Today today we've got an exciting agenda a lot to we've got an exciting agenda a lot to. We've got an exciting agenda a lot to cover because sdf and Stellar really had cover because sdf and Stellar really had. Cover because sdf and Stellar really had a big second quarter of 2020. A big second quarter of 2020. A big second quarter of 2020. Danel dixon our ceo is going to kick danel dixon our ceo is going to kick danel dixon our ceo is going to kick. Things off in a moment with an things off in a moment with an things off in a moment with an. Announcement about our work with announcement about our work with announcement about our work with. A fortune 15 company and to also share a fortune 15 company and to also share a fortune 15 company and to also share. Some other highlights and achievements some other highlights and achievements some other highlights and achievements. We've worked towards in q2 we've worked towards in q2 we've worked towards in q2 and she'll be joined by bill bar height. And she'll be joined by bill bar height and she'll be joined by bill bar height ceo of abra about the exciting work and. Ceo of abra about the exciting work and ceo of abra about the exciting work and products that abra's been working on and. Products that abra's been working on and products that abra's been working on and. That are powered by Stellar that are powered by Stellar that are powered by Stellar. And justin rice our head of ecosystem at and justin rice our head of ecosystem at. And justin rice our head of ecosystem at sdf he's going to provide some details sdf he's going to provide some details. Sdf he's going to provide some details on our technology updates on our technology updates. On our technology updates and our overall network performance as and our overall network performance as. And our overall network performance as well as share some more about our well as share some more about our. Well as share some more about our terrible charitable giving program that terrible charitable giving program that. Terrible charitable giving program that we just announced with our ecosystem we just announced with our ecosystem. We just announced with our ecosystem partner loomanthropy partner loomanthropy partner loomanthropy. And then our general counsel candace and then our general counsel candace and then our general counsel candace. Kelly is going to touch on sdf's growing kelly is going to touch on sdf's growing. Kelly is going to touch on sdf's growing visibility and our public engagement visibility and our public engagement. Visibility and our public engagement activities and the work we've been doing activities and the work we've been doing. Activities and the work we've been doing to increase our involvement in the to increase our involvement in the. To increase our involvement in the policy dialogue policy dialogue policy dialogue. So like I said a lot to cover and of so like I said a lot to cover and of so like I said a lot to cover and of. Course we'll leave some time at the end course we'll leave some time at the end course we'll leave some time at the end. To answer any questions you have about to answer any questions you have about to answer any questions you have about. Today's presentation today's presentation today's presentation or the report that you should have all. Or the report that you should have all or the report that you should have all received just shortly before the call. Received just shortly before the call received just shortly before the call started. Started started and you can submit questions throughout and you can submit questions throughout. And you can submit questions throughout the presentation in the chat box in the the presentation in the chat box in the. The presentation in the chat box in the in the chat box marked q a in the left in the chat box marked q a in the left. In the chat box marked q a in the left hand corner so with that hand corner so with that. Hand corner so with that I'm really excited to turn it over to I'm really excited to turn it over to. I'm really excited to turn it over to our ceo and executive director danielle our ceo and executive director danielle. Our ceo and executive director danielle dixon dixon dixon for the moment we've all been waiting. For the moment we've all been waiting for the moment we've all been waiting for danielle. For danielle for danielle thank you lauren it's so awesome to be thank you lauren it's so awesome to be. Thank you lauren it's so awesome to be here thanks everyone for joining the here thanks everyone for joining the. Here thanks everyone for joining the call today call today call today I just really love these quarterly calls. I just really love these quarterly calls I just really love these quarterly calls. I actually really love going back and I actually really love going back and I actually really love going back and. Reflecting on the quarter that we just reflecting on the quarter that we just reflecting on the quarter that we just. Had so had so had so I'm really excited to be here and thank I'm really excited to be here and thank. I'm really excited to be here and thank you guys for joining us so let's get you guys for joining us so let's get. You guys for joining us so let's get started started started first I'm super excited to announce and. First I'm super excited to announce and first I'm super excited to announce and to highlight. To highlight to highlight that in q2 we finalized sellers that in q2 we finalized sellers. that in q2 we finalized sellers integration into samsung's blockchain integration into samsung's blockchain. Integration into samsung's blockchain key store key store key store so over the last several months we've. So over the last several months we've so over the last several months we've been working closely with samsung to. Been working closely with samsung to been working closely with samsung to integrate Stellar and I'm happy to. Integrate Stellar and I'm happy to integrate Stellar and I'm happy to announce that Stellar end users are now. Announce that Stellar end users are now announce that Stellar end users are now able to securely store private keys. Able to securely store private keys able to securely store private keys on select samsung galaxy smartphones. On select samsung galaxy smartphones on select samsung galaxy smartphones i've been saying this a lot lately but. I've been saying this a lot lately but i've been saying this a lot lately but key management is an. Key management is an key management is an important part of how we will drive our. Important part of how we will drive our important part of how we will drive our technology into the mainstream. Technology into the mainstream technology into the mainstream and samsung provides a key management. And samsung provides a key management and samsung provides a key management solution that is user friendly. Solution that is user friendly solution that is user friendly and will ultimately drive greater. And will ultimately drive greater and will ultimately drive greater adoption of blockchain technology. Adoption of blockchain technology adoption of blockchain technology because it's so easy to use it's. Because it's so easy to use it's because it's so easy to use it's designed with the user in mind which is. Designed with the user in mind which is designed with the user in mind which is just a really really important thing. Just a really really important thing just a really really important thing that we need to continually focus on in. That we need to continually focus on in that we need to continually focus on in blockchain. Blockchain blockchain this integration is also significant this integration is also significant. This integration is also significant development for the great ecosystem of development for the great ecosystem of. Development for the great ecosystem of applications built on our network applications built on our network. Applications built on our network it's going to allow Stellar ecosystem it's going to allow Stellar ecosystem. It's going to allow Stellar ecosystem developers to create blockchain apps and developers to create blockchain apps and. Developers to create blockchain apps and services for samsung galaxy smartphones services for samsung galaxy smartphones. Services for samsung galaxy smartphones in addition to existing Stellar-based in addition to existing Stellar-based. In addition to existing Stellar-based products and applications products and applications. Products and applications it just opens up a whole new network of it just opens up a whole new network of. It just opens up a whole new network of users that can benefit from the combined users that can benefit from the combined. Users that can benefit from the combined innovation of Stellar and samsung innovation of Stellar and samsung. Innovation of Stellar and samsung we already have four Stellar based we already have four Stellar based. We already have four Stellar based businesses adopting the businesses adopting the. Businesses adopting the the required sdks to make their the required sdks to make their. The required sdks to make their applications available in the key store applications available in the key store. Applications available in the key store this is including d stock and satoshi this is including d stock and satoshi. This is including d stock and satoshi pay pay pay lightmint and nodal but our work with. Lightmint and nodal but our work with lightmint and nodal but our work with samsung isn't going to stop here. Samsung isn't going to stop here samsung isn't going to stop here we're committed to collaborating to. We're committed to collaborating to we're committed to collaborating to expand and improve the blockchain. Expand and improve the blockchain expand and improve the blockchain ecosystem experience for consumers. Ecosystem experience for consumers ecosystem experience for consumers by working with developers who built who. By working with developers who built who by working with developers who built who. Have built on Stellar network and have built on Stellar network and have built on Stellar network and. Incorporated the appropriate sdks into incorporated the appropriate sdks into incorporated the appropriate sdks into. Their applications to utilize their applications to utilize their applications to utilize. The samsung blockchain keystore and the the samsung blockchain keystore and the the samsung blockchain keystore and the. Integration into their applications integration into their applications integration into their applications. So together we'll partner in an ongoing so together we'll partner in an ongoing so together we'll partner in an ongoing. Effort to recruit effort to recruit effort to recruit onboard and support developers in the. Onboard and support developers in the onboard and support developers in the Stellar ecosystem. Stellar ecosystem Stellar ecosystem it's just the beginning as we work it's just the beginning as we work. It's just the beginning as we work together to empower more developers and together to empower more developers and. Together to empower more developers and users to leverage blockchain in the users to leverage blockchain in the. Users to leverage blockchain in the capabilities presented by this capabilities presented by this. Capabilities presented by this integration integration integration we're really proud of this development. We're really proud of this development we're really proud of this development and it's reflective of the growth we're. And it's reflective of the growth we're and it's reflective of the growth we're seeing in all aspects of our business. Seeing in all aspects of our business seeing in all aspects of our business so it's clear that 2020 has been a year. So it's clear that 2020 has been a year so it's clear that 2020 has been a year unlike any others across industries. Unlike any others across industries unlike any others across industries we've all had to adapt to a new normal. We've all had to adapt to a new normal we've all had to adapt to a new normal fortunately for sdf and for Stellar. fortunately for sdf and for Stellar fortunately for sdf and for Stellar we're continuing to grow and thrive. We're continuing to grow and thrive we're continuing to grow and thrive even during these challenging times. Even during these challenging times even during these challenging times we've grown our capacity. We've grown our capacity we've grown our capacity and our team we've brought exciting new. And our team we've brought exciting new and our team we've brought exciting new leaders onto our board. Leaders onto our board leaders onto our board and we've made strategic advances on. And we've made strategic advances on and we've made strategic advances on every core tenet of our roadmap to. Every core tenet of our roadmap to every core tenet of our roadmap to creating creating. Creating equitable access to the global financial equitable access to the global financial. Equitable access to the global financial system system system and I'm just so proud of our work in. And I'm just so proud of our work in and I'm just so proud of our work in these areas so I want to just take you. These areas so I want to just take you these areas so I want to just take you through the three pillars of our. Through the three pillars of our through the three pillars of our strategy strategy. Strategy first we've talked about our first we've talked about our first we've talked about our. Requirement that we foster sustainable requirement that we foster sustainable requirement that we foster sustainable. Use cases use cases use cases and so we're growing our anchor and so we're growing our anchor. And so we're growing our anchor footprint in regions around the world footprint in regions around the world. Footprint in regions around the world we're building product and we're making we're building product and we're making. We're building product and we're making strategic investments to be able to strategic investments to be able to. Strategic investments to be able to support this pillar support this pillar support this pillar. Second to ensure the robustness and second to ensure the robustness and second to ensure the robustness and. Usability of Stellar so we've rolled out usability of Stellar so we've rolled out. Usability of Stellar so we've rolled out an upgrade to our core protocol an upgrade to our core protocol. An upgrade to our core protocol we've expanded our developer tools and we've expanded our developer tools and. We've expanded our developer tools and our network health when you look at the our network health when you look at the. Our network health when you look at the numbers is stronger than ever numbers is stronger than ever. Numbers is stronger than ever and justin's gonna go through that in and justin's gonna go through that in. And justin's gonna go through that in just a few more minutes just a few more minutes. Just a few more minutes and then finally to be the blockchain and then finally to be the blockchain. And then finally to be the blockchain that people know and trust that people know and trust. That people know and trust we've fully embraced virtual visibility we've fully embraced virtual visibility. We've fully embraced virtual visibility by making the rounds in virtual by making the rounds in virtual. By making the rounds in virtual conferences conferences conferences and hosting 20 events of our own candace. And hosting 20 events of our own candace and hosting 20 events of our own candace. Is going to share some of those is going to share some of those is going to share some of those. Highlights later in the call in addition highlights later in the call in addition. Highlights later in the call in addition to how we're getting more visible with to how we're getting more visible with. To how we're getting more visible with policy makers and regulators policy makers and regulators. Policy makers and regulators so the tldr is that we've made so the tldr is that we've made. So the tldr is that we've made significant progress in q2 on significant progress in q2 on. Significant progress in q2 on all of our goals our strategy seems to all of our goals our strategy seems to. All of our goals our strategy seems to be working be working be working and I'm convinced more than ever that. And I'm convinced more than ever that and I'm convinced more than ever that our progress is proving out to be a. Our progress is proving out to be a our progress is proving out to be a strong year for Stellar. Strong year for Stellar strong year for Stellar so let me share some proof points first. So let me share some proof points first so let me share some proof points first let's talk about what we're doing to. Let's talk about what we're doing to let's talk about what we're doing to foster sustainable use cases on Stellar. Foster sustainable use cases on Stellar foster sustainable use cases on Stellar anchors are a fundamental part of our. Anchors are a fundamental part of our anchors are a fundamental part of our network to facilitate moving value from. Network to facilitate moving value from network to facilitate moving value from the traditional banking system. The traditional banking system the traditional banking system into Stellar and vice versa the network. Into Stellar and vice versa the network into Stellar and vice versa the network relies. Relies relies on these entities that we call anchors on these entities that we call anchors. On these entities that we call anchors anchor services help create anchor services help create. Anchor services help create a world where the existing financial a world where the existing financial. A world where the existing financial structure is connected structure is connected. Structure is connected and interoperable with Stellar so this and interoperable with Stellar so this. And interoperable with Stellar so this quarter quarter quarter we continued our focus on building. We continued our focus on building we continued our focus on building strong anchors in strategic markets so. Strong anchors in strategic markets so strong anchors in strategic markets so this included. This included this included bolstering the u.s anchor ecosystem with bolstering the u.s anchor ecosystem with. Bolstering the u.s anchor ecosystem with the addition of inclusive which offers the addition of inclusive which offers. The addition of inclusive which offers compliance as a service and accounts compliance as a service and accounts. Compliance as a service and accounts and payment capabilities we also and payment capabilities we also. And payment capabilities we also expanded on calories success expanded on calories success. Expanded on calories success in nigeria and we're supporting new in nigeria and we're supporting new. In nigeria and we're supporting new anchors such as click pasa in tanzania anchors such as click pasa in tanzania. Anchors such as click pasa in tanzania anchor mxn in mexico and end tokens in anchor mxn in mexico and end tokens in. Anchor mxn in mexico and end tokens in brazil brazil brazil I just can't say how important anchors. I just can't say how important anchors I just can't say how important anchors are it's an essential function for. Are it's an essential function for are it's an essential function for enabling frictionless movement of value. Enabling frictionless movement of value enabling frictionless movement of value between fiat currencies worldwide and. Between fiat currencies worldwide and between fiat currencies worldwide and we're going to continue to expand our. We're going to continue to expand our we're going to continue to expand our anchor footprint in markets. Anchor footprint in markets anchor footprint in markets where the data indicates that the. Where the data indicates that the where the data indicates that the Stellar network can have an outsize. Stellar network can have an outsize Stellar network can have an outsize impact specifically for remittance. Impact specifically for remittance impact specifically for remittance companies serving businesses and. Companies serving businesses and companies serving businesses and individual lenders. Individual lenders individual lenders and payment processors we've also and payment processors we've also. And payment processors we've also been building what we've talked about been building what we've talked about. Been building what we've talked about before which is our product a wallet before which is our product a wallet. Before which is our product a wallet called called called vibrant that saw its beta launch this. Vibrant that saw its beta launch this vibrant that saw its beta launch this quarter vibrant is a wallet that will. Quarter vibrant is a wallet that will quarter vibrant is a wallet that will soon be generally available in argentina. Soon be generally available in argentina soon be generally available in argentina. Where users will be able to hold share where users will be able to hold share where users will be able to hold share. Convert convert convert and send value it also showcases and send value it also showcases. And send value it also showcases sep 30 seller ecosystem proposal 30 sep 30 seller ecosystem proposal 30. Sep 30 seller ecosystem proposal 30 about key recovery mechanism that is about key recovery mechanism that is. About key recovery mechanism that is very user friendly so I encourage you very user friendly so I encourage you. Very user friendly so I encourage you all to check it out even in the beta all to check it out even in the beta. All to check it out even in the beta form form form and then the other important way we've. And then the other important way we've and then the other important way we've been fostering sustainable use cases on. Been fostering sustainable use cases on been fostering sustainable use cases on Stellar is by. Stuller is by Stellar is by investing in businesses on the network investing in businesses on the network. Investing in businesses on the network we made two enterprise fund investments we made two enterprise fund investments. We made two enterprise fund investments in q2 in q2 in q2 one investment in satoshi pay a platform. One investment in satoshi pay a platform one investment in satoshi pay a platform. For connecting the world through instant for connecting the world through instant. For connecting the world through instant payments payments payments and one of the earliest adopters of. And one of the earliest adopters of and one of the earliest adopters of Stellar satoshi pay expanded their. Stellar satoshi pay expanded their Stellar satoshi pay expanded their business to tap into a growing b2b. Business to tap into a growing b2b business to tap into a growing b2b cross-border payments market. Cross-border payments market cross-border payments market where there is huge potential for a. Where there is huge potential for a where there is huge potential for a player like them who has been in this. Player like them who has been in this player like them who has been in this space and knows the opportunities. Space and knows the opportunities space and knows the opportunities and the challenges the other investment. And the challenges the other investment and the challenges the other investment went to opera. Went to opera went to opera a next generation financial platform a next generation financial platform. A next generation financial platform which is facilitating opera's which is facilitating opera's. Which is facilitating opera's integration with Stellar integration with Stellar integration with Stellar. As its blockchain back end and offers as its blockchain back end and offers as its blockchain back end and offers. Expansion of financial services that expansion of financial services that expansion of financial services that. Will bring will bring will bring new products powered by Stellar so to new products powered by Stellar so to. New products powered by Stellar so to share more about this work share more about this work. Share more about this work and the progress they've made so far I'm and the progress they've made so far I'm. And the progress they've made so far I'm happy to introduce bill happy to introduce bill. Happy to introduce bill barheit the ceo from oprah to the call barheit the ceo from oprah to the call. Barheit the ceo from oprah to the call thanks so much bill for joining us thanks so much bill for joining us. Thanks so much bill for joining us thank you for having me and good thank you for having me and good. Thank you for having me and good morning or good afternoon wherever you morning or good afternoon wherever you. Morning or good afternoon wherever you may be so I'm going to spend five. May be so I'm going to spend five may be so I'm going to spend five minutes just giving you. Minutes just giving you minutes just giving you an introduction to abra's business and. An introduction to abra's business and an introduction to abra's business and . then danielle and I are going to speak a then danielle and I are going to speak a. Then danielle and I are going to speak a little bit so if you'd like to little bit so if you'd like to. Little bit so if you'd like to move into the the slides for forever move into the the slides for forever. Move into the the slides for forever so just to give you those of so just to give you those of. so just to give you those of you who don't know abra you who don't know abra. You who don't know abra a quick overview of the services we a quick overview of the services we. A quick overview of the services we provide provide provide abra is one of the more successful most. Abra is one of the more successful most abra is one of the more successful most successful wallets. Successful wallets successful wallets in the cryptocurrency space today in the cryptocurrency space today. In the cryptocurrency space today although we have users now using abra although we have users now using abra. Although we have users now using abra for for for storing fiat and moving traditional. Storing fiat and moving traditional storing fiat and moving traditional money around as well. Money around as well money around as well hundreds of thousands of users in over hundreds of thousands of users in over. Hundreds of thousands of users in over 100 countries now I think we're 100 countries now I think we're. 100 countries now I think we're approaching 150 countries approaching 150 countries. Approaching 150 countries and we've processed processing a and we've processed processing a. And we've processed processing a billion plus in transaction volume billion plus in transaction volume. Billion plus in transaction volume yearly yearly yearly just just the ex team has executed. just just the ex team has executed just just the ex team has executed extremely well. Extremely well extremely well over the last couple of years and we're over the last couple of years and we're. Over the last couple of years and we're really excited now to really excited now to. Really excited now to take this to the next level with Stellar take this to the next level with Stellar. Take this to the next level with Stellar and we're really excited and we're really excited. And we're really excited that they've joined our investor base that they've joined our investor base. That they've joined our investor base including american express and foxconn including american express and foxconn. Including american express and foxconn and and and and arbor fidelity back fund so. And arbor fidelity back fund so and arbor fidelity back fund so so just let me walk you through some. So just let me walk you through some so just let me walk you through some of the details on the next slide if you. Of the details on the next slide if you of the details on the next slide if you will. Will will of how this this all works so in order of how this this all works so in order. Of how this this all works so in order to to to provide this awesome service that we. Provide this awesome service that we provide this awesome service that we have we've had to build. Have we've had to build have we've had to build lots of capabilities both what we call. Lots of capabilities both what we call lots of capabilities both what we call our core capabilities as well as our. Our core capabilities as well as our our core capabilities as well as our core services. Core services core services for depositing earning interest for depositing earning interest. For depositing earning interest borrowing investing borrowing investing borrowing investing. and soon paying and spending and then and soon paying and spending and then. and soon paying and spending and then of course all of the the back-end of course all of the the back-end. Of course all of the the back-end capabilities capabilities capabilities that go into effectively running a. That go into effectively running a that go into effectively running a fintech financial technology. Fintech financial technology fintech financial technology company let me walk you through a couple. Company let me walk you through a couple company let me walk you through a couple. Of those now and i'll go to the next of those now and i'll go to the next of those now and i'll go to the next. Slide slide slide so so what everybody knows of course in so so what everybody knows of course in. So so what everybody knows of course in the front end the front end the front end. Is the ability to invest as the is the ability to invest as the is the ability to invest as the. World's beloved cryptocurrency investing world's beloved cryptocurrency investing. World's beloved cryptocurrency investing wallet app wallet app wallet app we basically work with lots of. we basically work with lots of we basically work with lots of exchanges exchanges. Exchanges and lots of partners to facilitate the and lots of partners to facilitate the. And lots of partners to facilitate the buy sell buy sell buy sell hold and transfer of dozens of. Hold and transfer of dozens of hold and transfer of dozens of cryptocurrency assets. Cryptocurrency assets cryptocurrency assets and now lots of and now lots of . And now lots of assets and we run a very large liquidity assets and we run a very large liquidity. Assets and we run a very large liquidity system to system to system to allow consumers in lots of countries to. Allow consumers in lots of countries to allow consumers in lots of countries to get money in and out of the system. Get money in and out of the system get money in and out of the system both in fiat via the banking system. Both in fiat via the banking system both in fiat via the banking system bank wires ach. Bank wires ach bank wires ach what most of us in the us would know as what most of us in the us would know as. What most of us in the us would know as well as cash network well as cash network. Well as cash network so that folks in for example in so that folks in for example in. So that folks in for example in southeast asia philippines or in central southeast asia philippines or in central. Southeast asia philippines or in central america like in guatemala america like in guatemala. America like in guatemala can actually use cash in their pockets can actually use cash in their pockets. Can actually use cash in their pockets to get money into the abra app and then to get money into the abra app and then. To get money into the abra app and then withdraw cash withdraw cash withdraw cash. From the abra app and to do that we've from the abra app and to do that we've from the abra app and to do that we've. Built a network of retail partners built a network of retail partners built a network of retail partners. To process deposits and and withdrawals to process deposits and and withdrawals to process deposits and and withdrawals. Into the app it's very complex into the app it's very complex into the app it's very complex. Difficult part of our business but difficult part of our business but difficult part of our business but. It's actually growing it's actually growing it's actually growing it's actually growing faster even. it's actually growing faster even it's actually growing faster even than the the bank part of the. Than the the bank part of the than the the bank part of the business which is really exciting it's. Business which is really exciting it's business which is really exciting it's been. Been been exploding the past the past few weeks exploding the past the past few weeks. Exploding the past the past few weeks in particular so that's something we're in particular so that's something we're. In particular so that's something we're really excited about really excited about. Really excited about on the next slide I give you on the next slide I give you . On the next slide I give you if we go to the next slide there might be a slight delay can you. There might be a slight delay can you are you earn interest are you earn interest. Are you earn interest I see it so so sorry about that so yeah I see it so so sorry about that so yeah. I see it so so sorry about that so yeah so just to give you a little sneak peek so just to give you a little sneak peek. So just to give you a little sneak peek on some other capabilities on some other capabilities. On some other capabilities this is the interest earning capability this is the interest earning capability. This is the interest earning capability that we're going to be that we're going to be. That we're going to be launching in the next couple of weeks launching in the next couple of weeks. launching in the next couple of weeks this allows consumers this allows consumers. This allows consumers for example people who not even for example people who not even. for example people who not even aren't even familiar with cryptocurrency aren't even familiar with cryptocurrency. Aren't even familiar with cryptocurrency to store dollars to store dollars to store dollars. And earn significant interest on those and earn significant interest on those and earn significant interest on those. Dollars or actually dollars or actually dollars or actually our existing crypto users can can earn. Our existing crypto users can can earn our existing crypto users can can earn interest. Interest interest on their on their deposits as well we'll on their on their deposits as well we'll. On their on their deposits as well we'll be supporting staking be supporting staking. Be supporting staking currencies to earn interest there currencies to earn interest there . currencies to earn interest there and and and other other currencies over time so. Other other currencies over time so other other currencies over time so in the next slide. In the next slide in the next slide you can see that in addition to you can see that in addition to . You can see that in addition to you know just what we the interest you know just what we the interest. You know just what we the interest earning on the front end earning on the front end. Earning on the front end we've built a very sophisticated we've built a very sophisticated. we've built a very sophisticated lending system where we have lending system where we have . lending system where we have very large institutional partners very large institutional partners . Very large institutional partners that are vetted that are vetted that are vetted. In our risk management processes and in our risk management processes and in our risk management processes and. Basic are borrowing those funds basic are borrowing those funds basic are borrowing those funds. In order to generate high yield for for in order to generate high yield for for in order to generate high yield for for. Our consumers and that is our consumers and that is our consumers and that is that includes everything from minors. That includes everything from minors that includes everything from minors hedge funds. Hedge funds hedge funds large exchanges other loan originators large exchanges other loan originators. Large exchanges other loan originators and this is a good segue and this is a good segue. And this is a good segue into what we're working on with Stellar into what we're working on with Stellar. Into what we're working on with Stellar so if you'd like to go to the so if you'd like to go to the. So if you'd like to go to the to the last slide really the next the to the last slide really the next the. To the last slide really the next the next phase for abra next phase for abra next phase for abra. Is is as I alluded to for us to take is is as I alluded to for us to take is is as I alluded to for us to take. This to another level this to another level this to another level is building an entirely new part of. Is building an entirely new part of is building an entirely new part of our business. Our business our business in order to facilitate the movement of in order to facilitate the movement of. In order to facilitate the movement of funds funds funds globally in real time using the Stellar. Globally in real time using the Stellar globally in real time using the Stellar network. Network network and to do that and what that will enable and to do that and what that will enable. And to do that and what that will enable for us for us for us is all forms of global lending the first. Is all forms of global lending the first is all forms of global lending the first. kind of generation of lending that kind of generation of lending that kind of generation of lending that. You hear about in the crypto world has you hear about in the crypto world has you hear about in the crypto world has. To do with to do with to do with people leveraging themselves to go people leveraging themselves to go. people leveraging themselves to go along in crypto or along in crypto or along in crypto or. People borrowing against their bitcoin people borrowing against their bitcoin people borrowing against their bitcoin. Or ethereum holdings or ethereum holdings or ethereum holdings we want to take this to another level. We want to take this to another level we want to take this to another level and and use the Stellar platform to. And and use the Stellar platform to and and use the Stellar platform to truly enable. Truly enable truly enable traditional banking applications at traditional banking applications at. Traditional banking applications at global scale global scale global scale trade finance rights cross-border . trade finance rights cross-border trade finance rights cross-border p2p loan origination loans like that. P2p loan origination loans like that p2p loan origination loans like that for example that are very difficult. For example that are very difficult for example that are very difficult for people in the west to take advantage. For people in the west to take advantage for people in the west to take advantage. Of in many cases of in many cases of in many cases we think are totally possible now. We think are totally possible now we think are totally possible now leveraging the power. Leveraging the power leveraging the power of of crypto and and distiller platform. Of of crypto and and distiller platform of of crypto and and distiller platform so this is just a quick. So this is just a quick so this is just a quick kind of peek as to what's coming and. Kind of peek as to what's coming and kind of peek as to what's coming and what we're really excited about. What we're really excited about what we're really excited about to be working on with Stellar so i'd. To be working on with Stellar so i'd to be working on with Stellar so i'd be happy to. Be happy to be happy to answer any any questions well thanks answer any any questions well thanks. answer any any questions well thanks bill bill bill well thank you the idea of me being the. Well thank you the idea of me being the well thank you the idea of me being the one to ask you questions i've been on. One to ask you questions i've been on one to ask you questions i've been on your podcast so now it's my turn I get. Your podcast so now it's my turn I get your podcast so now it's my turn I get to ask you a few. To ask you a few to ask you a few one of the things I wondered is you one of the things I wondered is you. one of the things I wondered is you know we talk a lot about financial know we talk a lot about financial. Know we talk a lot about financial inclusion in blockchain and I just inclusion in blockchain and I just. Inclusion in blockchain and I just wondered like from your standpoint how wondered like from your standpoint how. Wondered like from your standpoint how is aubry focused on is aubry focused on is aubry focused on. Financial inclusion and what are the financial inclusion and what are the financial inclusion and what are the . How do you think about that from your how do you think about that from your how do you think about that from your. Business side business side business side that's a great question we see financial. That's a great question we see financial that's a great question we see financial. Inclusion as inclusion as inclusion as basically leveling access and creating a basically leveling access and creating a. Basically leveling access and creating a level playing field for access globally level playing field for access globally. Level playing field for access globally so that somebody in so that somebody in so that somebody in. I mentioned philippines earlier you know I mentioned philippines earlier you know. I mentioned philippines earlier you know a farmer in the philippines a farmer in the philippines. A farmer in the philippines in in mindanao for example where we in in mindanao for example where we. In in mindanao for example where we actually have users at abra actually have users at abra. Actually have users at abra can access the same services in a can access the same services in a. Can access the same services in a banking app as banking app as banking app as an investment banker in san francisco. An investment banker in san francisco an investment banker in san francisco which is a place where we also have. Which is a place where we also have which is a place where we also have users users. Users and I think abra is one of the first and I think abra is one of the first and I think abra is one of the first. Companies to really try to create companies to really try to create companies to really try to create. A level playing field across all of a level playing field across all of a level playing field across all of. These different these different these different geographies in a way that doesn't. geographies in a way that doesn't geographies in a way that doesn't really differentiate. Really differentiate really differentiate from person to person obviously in terms. From person to person obviously in terms from person to person obviously in terms. Of how people might get money in and out of how people might get money in and out. Of how people might get money in and out of the of the of the out of the system would be different for. Out of the system would be different for out of the system would be different for. A cash user in southeast asia versus a a cash user in southeast asia versus a a cash user in southeast asia versus a. Banked consumer banked consumer banked consumer in san francisco but other than that the. In san francisco but other than that the in san francisco but other than that the. Core services they want in terms of the core services they want in terms of the core services they want in terms of the. Ability to invest and earn ability to invest and earn ability to invest and earn the ability to borrow the ability to. the ability to borrow the ability to the ability to borrow the ability to send and share funds they're all the. send and share funds they're all the send and share funds they're all the same the amounts might be different. Same the amounts might be different same the amounts might be different but the ideas and and the basics of what. But the ideas and and the basics of what but the ideas and and the basics of what. They want are effectively the same they want are effectively the same they want are effectively the same. And our goal is to enable that globally and our goal is to enable that globally and our goal is to enable that globally. And do you think that in our industry and do you think that in our industry and do you think that in our industry. We're already making strides to really we're already making strides to really we're already making strides to really. push this notion of financial push this notion of financial push this notion of financial. Inclusion forward inclusion forward inclusion forward well it's I think it's a mixed bag i. Well it's I think it's a mixed bag I well it's I think it's a mixed bag I think that . Think that think that there's a lot of people kind of at the there's a lot of people kind of at the. There's a lot of people kind of at the at the bottom of the income pyramid at the bottom of the income pyramid. At the bottom of the income pyramid who've done fantastic work who've done fantastic work. Who've done fantastic work in building kind of micro finance in building kind of micro finance. In building kind of micro finance services services services that's really hard it's very expensive. That's really hard it's very expensive that's really hard it's very expensive . it's generally not self-sustaining it's generally not self-sustaining it's generally not self-sustaining . With some exceptions with some exceptions with some exceptions in mexico and india I think we've. in mexico and india I think we've in mexico and india I think we've seen some examples of how microfinance. Seen some examples of how microfinance seen some examples of how microfinance can be self-sustaining but when you move. Can be self-sustaining but when you move can be self-sustaining but when you move. Into the middle of the income pyramid into the middle of the income pyramid into the middle of the income pyramid. Which is where abra is more focused which is where abra is more focused which is where abra is more focused. It really becomes more about creating it really becomes more about creating it really becomes more about creating. A a holistic kind of a a holistic kind of a a holistic kind of global oriented user experience that. Global oriented user experience that global oriented user experience that most banks don't understand they focus. Most banks don't understand they focus most banks don't understand they focus on bank branches they focus. On bank branches they focus on bank branches they focus just purely on compliance compliance is. Just purely on compliance compliance is just purely on compliance compliance is obviously very important. Obviously very important obviously very important but it has to fit in with the user. But it has to fit in with the user but it has to fit in with the user experience and we're starting to see. Experience and we're starting to see experience and we're starting to see this in some of these challenger banks. This in some of these challenger banks this in some of these challenger banks particularly in europe and and in latin. Particularly in europe and and in latin particularly in europe and and in latin america that are gaining traction. America that are gaining traction america that are gaining traction and that's very encouraging and I think. And that's very encouraging and I think and that's very encouraging and I think I think you're going to see kind of a. I think you're going to see kind of a I think you're going to see kind of a whole. Whole whole other generation of these challenger other generation of these challenger. Other generation of these challenger kind of services now kind of services now kind of services now. That are just going to leave the banks that are just going to leave the banks that are just going to leave the banks. In the dust in the dust in the dust okay so now I want to move a little bit okay so now I want to move a little bit. Okay so now I want to move a little bit back to Stellar and back to Stellar and back to Stellar and. Would love to just have your few would love to just have your few would love to just have your few. Thoughts about thoughts about thoughts about why you selected Stellar and why you. Why you selected Stellar and why you why you selected Stellar and why you thought Stellar was a great entity a. Thought Stellar was a great entity a thought Stellar was a great entity a great great. Great chain to build on sure I think chain to build on sure I think chain to build on sure I think. For us we're big believers in for us we're big believers in for us we're big believers in. Leveraging the power of cryptocurrency leveraging the power of cryptocurrency leveraging the power of cryptocurrency. Technology blockchain technology technology blockchain technology technology blockchain technology. And now stable coins which has become and now stable coins which has become and now stable coins which has become. Kind of a flavor of the month but it's kind of a flavor of the month but it's kind of a flavor of the month but it's. Simply a way of simply a way of simply a way of leveraging cryptocurrency technology to. Leveraging cryptocurrency technology to leveraging cryptocurrency technology to represent traditional value. Represent traditional value represent traditional value on a blockchain to facilitate real world. On a blockchain to facilitate real world on a blockchain to facilitate real world. Banking applications the first banking applications the first banking applications the first. Generation of all of this whether it's generation of all of this whether it's generation of all of this whether it's. The the the deep fi which the flavor of the month deep fi which the flavor of the month. Deep fi which the flavor of the month have all been around crypto for the sake have all been around crypto for the sake. Have all been around crypto for the sake of crypto and that's fine we needed to of crypto and that's fine we needed to. Of crypto and that's fine we needed to get where we are somehow get where we are somehow. Get where we are somehow but we're excited about making this but we're excited about making this. But we're excited about making this globally accessible for traditional globally accessible for traditional. Globally accessible for traditional banking applications banking applications banking applications. Many challenges there one of the biggest many challenges there one of the biggest. Many challenges there one of the biggest challenges we challenges we challenges we. Faced in just the kind of the 1.0 of faced in just the kind of the 1.0 of faced in just the kind of the 1.0 of. Abra abra abra was scalability a lot of what we was scalability a lot of what we was scalability a lot of what we. Originally built for example was built originally built for example was built originally built for example was built. On bitcoin on bitcoin on bitcoin and it just wouldn't scale right so what and it just wouldn't scale right so what. And it just wouldn't scale right so what we need we need we need is the ability to have a platform that. Is the ability to have a platform that is the ability to have a platform that can. Can can can create these stable coins but can can create these stable coins but can. Can create these stable coins but can scale to scale to scale to truly global applications in time and. Truly global applications in time and truly global applications in time and. Space for us in a way that the kind of a space for us in a way that the kind of a. Space for us in a way that the kind of a lot of the first generation platforms lot of the first generation platforms. Lot of the first generation platforms could not could not could not and that's where we think Stellar truly. And that's where we think Stellar truly and that's where we think Stellar truly shines. All right I love that now let me just all right I love that now let me just. Ask you one more question before we turn ask you one more question before we turn. Ask you one more question before we turn it over to justin it over to justin it over to justin. And if you think about the rest of and if you think about the rest of and if you think about the rest of. The year and what a strange year it's the year and what a strange year it's the year and what a strange year it's. Been been been what is the one thing that you would what is the one thing that you would. What is the one thing that you would love to see in this space love to see in this space. Love to see in this space change and develop by year end so change and develop by year end so. Change and develop by year end so that we could actually blow things up in that we could actually blow things up in. That we could actually blow things up in 2021 2021 2021 yeah that's a great question so a lot of. Yeah that's a great question so a lot of yeah that's a great question so a lot of. The first generation of stable coin the first generation of stable coin the first generation of stable coin. Products have been very products have been very products have been very us-dollar-centric there's a. Us-dollar-centric there's a us-dollar-centric there's a little bit of a few examples of other. Little bit of a few examples of other little bit of a few examples of other. Things but I would really like to see things but I would really like to see things but I would really like to see. Some major g10 currencies some major g10 currencies some major g10 currencies . Really go for or accompany startups really go for or accompany startups really go for or accompany startups. Start to develop some g10 currencies start to develop some g10 currencies start to develop some g10 currencies. Beyond the dollar using beyond the dollar using beyond the dollar using stablecoin technologies like Stellar or. Stablecoin technologies like Stellar or stablecoin technologies like Stellar or others. Others others and start to see a lot of traction in and start to see a lot of traction in . And start to see a lot of traction in forex forex forex applications money transfer remittances. Applications money transfer remittances applications money transfer remittances cross-border business payments that. cross-border business payments that cross-border business payments that start to take advantage of this ability. Start to take advantage of this ability start to take advantage of this ability to do on the wire. To do on the wire to do on the wire money transfer if we see that money transfer if we see that. Money transfer if we see that then we know that we have real proof then we know that we have real proof. Then we know that we have real proof points for crypto points for crypto points for crypto. Being useful in the quote unquote real being useful in the quote unquote real being useful in the quote unquote real. World and we know it's coming it's just world and we know it's coming it's just world and we know it's coming it's just. A question of is it going to happen a question of is it going to happen a question of is it going to happen. You know in the next few months you know you know in the next few months you know. You know in the next few months you know the next year et cetera et cetera the next year et cetera et cetera. The next year et cetera et cetera but that would personally excite me the but that would personally excite me the. But that would personally excite me the most it may sound boring most it may sound boring. Most it may sound boring but that's what it's going to take to but that's what it's going to take to. But that's what it's going to take to make this really useful make this really useful. Make this really useful at global scale so awesome that would be at global scale so awesome that would be. At global scale so awesome that would be great to see that happen thank you so great to see that happen thank you so. Great to see that happen thank you so much bill for joining us and I know that much bill for joining us and I know that. Much bill for joining us and I know that you'll be available afterwards for you'll be available afterwards for. You'll be available afterwards for also questions also questions also questions. So at this point I'm going to turn it so at this point I'm going to turn it so at this point I'm going to turn it. Over to justin who's going to walk us over to justin who's going to walk us over to justin who's going to walk us. Through some network stats and other through some network stats and other through some network stats and other. Things that he things that he things that he wants to share with us great thanks to. Wants to share with us great thanks to wants to share with us great thanks to now. Now now thanks bill I'm justin rice head of thanks bill I'm justin rice head of thanks bill I'm justin rice head of. Ecosystem at sdf ecosystem at sdf ecosystem at sdf and I'm super excited to be here to. And I'm super excited to be here to and I'm super excited to be here to share more about the continued growth of. Share more about the continued growth of share more about the continued growth of. The network the network the network and the development of Stellar and the development of Stellar. And the development of Stellar technology so Stellar is open source technology so Stellar is open source. Technology so Stellar is open source and open participation and many of the and open participation and many of the. And open participation and many of the advancements sdf makes are in advancements sdf makes are in. Advancements sdf makes are in collaboration with our ecosystem collaboration with our ecosystem. Collaboration with our ecosystem in these uncertain times when it's clear in these uncertain times when it's clear. In these uncertain times when it's clear so many are struggling so many are struggling. So many are struggling we've been asking ourselves how can we we've been asking ourselves how can we. We've been asking ourselves how can we work with our ecosystem to make a work with our ecosystem to make a. Work with our ecosystem to make a difference difference difference now of course we believe the technology. Now of course we believe the technology now of course we believe the technology we're working on will help address some. We're working on will help address some we're working on will help address some key underlying issues over the long term. Key underlying issues over the long term key underlying issues over the long term. But we also continue to ask ourselves but we also continue to ask ourselves but we also continue to ask ourselves. What can we do to help today what can we do to help today what can we do to help today. So we've decided that part of our so we've decided that part of our so we've decided that part of our. Short-term answer is to continue our short-term answer is to continue our short-term answer is to continue our. Partnership with lumenthropy partnership with lumenthropy partnership with lumenthropy. Which is a Stellar-based platform for which is a Stellar-based platform for which is a Stellar-based platform for. Charitable donations charitable donations charitable donations this time to rally our community to. This time to rally our community to this time to rally our community to support an organization. Support an organization support an organization deeply relevant to today's challenges. Deeply relevant to today's challenges deeply relevant to today's challenges the usf. The usf the usf institute for non-violence and social institute for non-violence and social. Institute for non-violence and social justice which is a 501c3 justice which is a 501c3. Justice which is a 501c3 driving research education and advocacy driving research education and advocacy. Driving research education and advocacy to advance the practice of to advance the practice of. To advance the practice of transformational transformational transformational non-violence so for the entire month of. Non-violence so for the entire month of non-violence so for the entire month of july. July july we will match lumen donations made by we will match lumen donations made by. We will match lumen donations made by our community to the institute our community to the institute. Our community to the institute up to two million lumens we kicked off up to two million lumens we kicked off. Up to two million lumens we kicked off the campaign with a 100 000 lumen the campaign with a 100 000 lumen. The campaign with a 100 000 lumen donation donation donation and we're excited to see what our. And we're excited to see what our and we're excited to see what our community will contribute to make the. Community will contribute to make the community will contribute to make the world a better. World a better world a better more generous and more compassionate more generous and more compassionate. More generous and more compassionate place now let's take a look at this place now let's take a look at this. Place now let's take a look at this quarter's numbers quarter's numbers quarter's numbers. And talk a bit about what they mean and talk a bit about what they mean and talk a bit about what they mean. so here are some key network stats so here are some key network stats so here are some key network stats. And we'll sort of go through them and we'll sort of go through them and we'll sort of go through them. Quickly quickly quickly the number of accounts on the network the number of accounts on the network. The number of accounts on the network has been stable hovering around 4.5 has been stable hovering around 4.5. Has been stable hovering around 4.5 million total million total million total we've seen a slight increase in the. We've seen a slight increase in the we've seen a slight increase in the number of daily operations. Number of daily operations number of daily operations up 9 from q1 and that represents solid. Up 9 from q1 and that represents solid up 9 from q1 and that represents solid network throughput and speaks to the. Network throughput and speaks to the network throughput and speaks to the scalability of the network. Scalability of the network scalability of the network there was a significant uptick in. There was a significant uptick in there was a significant uptick in average daily trading volume on. Average daily trading volume on average daily trading volume on Stellar's decentralized exchange. Stellar's decentralized exchange Stellar's decentralized exchange this quarter we saw about 5.9 million. this quarter we saw about 5.9 million this quarter we saw about 5.9 million. Lumens worth of trades per day lumens worth of trades per day lumens worth of trades per day. Which is a 70 increase from last quarter which is a 70 increase from last quarter. Which is a 70 increase from last quarter the total number of payments has also the total number of payments has also. The total number of payments has also grown grown grown consistently over q2 9 million to more. Consistently over q2 9 million to more consistently over q2 9 million to more than 13 million as of june 30th there. Than 13 million as of june 30th there than 13 million as of june 30th there. Were 7 were 7 were 7 893 on-chain assets which is a lot 893 on-chain assets which is a lot. 893 on-chain assets which is a lot I think it's important to note that I think it's important to note that. I think it's important to note that we're working on a method to distinguish we're working on a method to distinguish. We're working on a method to distinguish and measure meaningful assets and measure meaningful assets. And measure meaningful assets those are assets that contribute to those are assets that contribute to. those are assets that contribute to the connected financial the connected financial. The connected financial financial infrastructure that we're financial infrastructure that we're. Financial infrastructure that we're trying to build assets very in line with trying to build assets very in line with. Trying to build assets very in line with the anchor strategy that danel mentioned. The anchor strategy that danel mentioned the anchor strategy that danel mentioned. Earlier earlier earlier and many of these 7000 plus on-chain and many of these 7000 plus on-chain. And many of these 7000 plus on-chain assets will be beyond the scope of our assets will be beyond the scope of our. Assets will be beyond the scope of our area of focus area of focus area of focus but one thing is for sure people find it. But one thing is for sure people find it but one thing is for sure people find it. Very very easy to issue assets using very very easy to issue assets using very very easy to issue assets using. Stellar Stellar Stellar lastly let's take a look at where the lastly let's take a look at where the. Lastly let's take a look at where the network is in terms of health and network is in terms of health and. Network is in terms of health and decentralization decentralization decentralization. There are currently 23 tier 1 validating there are currently 23 tier 1 validating. There are currently 23 tier 1 validating nodes nodes nodes and about 120 nodes total that's about. And about 120 nodes total that's about and about 120 nodes total that's about the same as last quarter. The same as last quarter the same as last quarter and what we mentioned then bears. And what we mentioned then bears and what we mentioned then bears repeating the network would continue. Repeating the network would continue repeating the network would continue it would keep going even if the sdf. it would keep going even if the sdf it would keep going even if the sdf turned off all of its notes. Turned off all of its notes turned off all of its notes what's more encouraging is that we're. What's more encouraging is that we're what's more encouraging is that we're seeing more organizations in the. Seeing more organizations in the seeing more organizations in the pipeline pipeline. Pipeline to join the ranks of the tier one to join the ranks of the tier one to join the ranks of the tier one. Validators and that's because there are validators and that's because there are validators and that's because there are. More businesses more businesses more businesses invested in the network want to increase. Invested in the network want to increase invested in the network want to increase. Their engagement and are capable of their engagement and are capable of their engagement and are capable of. Doing so doing so doing so those tier 1 validators are fundamental those tier 1 validators are fundamental. Those tier 1 validators are fundamental to the health and stability of the to the health and stability of the. To the health and stability of the network they're also important to its network they're also important to its. Network they're also important to its governance governance governance and they help drive important upgrades. And they help drive important upgrades and they help drive important upgrades to the network like the adoption of. To the network like the adoption of to the network like the adoption of protocol 13. Protocol 13 protocol 13 and q12 so protocol 13. And q12 so protocol 13. And q12 so protocol 13. On june 18th the Stellar public network on june 18th the Stellar public network on june 18th the Stellar public network. Upgraded to protocol 13. Upgraded to protocol 13. Upgraded to protocol 13. Like all important network-wide settings like all important network-wide settings. Like all important network-wide settings protocol version is decided by protocol version is decided by. Protocol version is decided by validating nodes validating nodes validating nodes. Who vote for and agree to new protocol who vote for and agree to new protocol who vote for and agree to new protocol. Versions the same way they vote for an versions the same way they vote for an versions the same way they vote for an. Agree to transaction sets agree to transaction sets agree to transaction sets a protocol upgrade implements a. a protocol upgrade implements a a protocol upgrade implements a bundle of core. Bundle of core bundle of core core advancement proposals also known as core advancement proposals also known as. Core advancement proposals also known as caps and protocol 13 included five caps and protocol 13 included five. Caps and protocol 13 included five the first two cap 28 and cap 30 they're the first two cap 28 and cap 30 they're. The first two cap 28 and cap 30 they're really technical optimizations really technical optimizations. Really technical optimizations one involved pre-auth signers the other one involved pre-auth signers the other. One involved pre-auth signers the other involved operation response codes involved operation response codes. Involved operation response codes we won't get into the nitty-gritty we won't get into the nitty-gritty. We won't get into the nitty-gritty details here but the key takeaway for details here but the key takeaway for. Details here but the key takeaway for those two those two those two they both held Stellar core and. They both held Stellar core and they both held Stellar core and therefore the network as a whole run a. Therefore the network as a whole run a therefore the network as a whole run a little leaner. Little leaner little leaner but what made this release really but what made this release really. But what made this release really exciting was the addition of three exciting was the addition of three. Exciting was the addition of three powerful new features powerful new features powerful new features. The first is fee bumps cap 15 which the first is fee bumps cap 15 which the first is fee bumps cap 15 which. Empower app builders to cover user fees empower app builders to cover user fees empower app builders to cover user fees. So they can create so they can create so they can create simpler and better customer experiences. Simpler and better customer experiences simpler and better customer experiences they also allow validators to increase. They also allow validators to increase they also allow validators to increase the minimum network fee. The minimum network fee the minimum network fee without invalidating pre-signed without invalidating pre-signed. Without invalidating pre-signed transactions thereby giving them the transactions thereby giving them the. Transactions thereby giving them the flexibility to respond to changes in flexibility to respond to changes in. Flexibility to respond to changes in network usage network usage network usage so they can ensure that Stellar. So they can ensure that Stellar so they can ensure that Stellar continues to function as a fast. Continues to function as a fast continues to function as a fast efficient and decentralized system for. Efficient and decentralized system for efficient and decentralized system for payments. Payments payments the second feature in protocol 13 is the second feature in protocol 13 is. The second feature in protocol 13 is fine fine fine grain control of asset authorization cap. Grain control of asset authorization cap grain control of asset authorization cap. 18 which grants issuers of regulated 18 which grants issuers of regulated 18 which grants issuers of regulated. Assets the ability to approve user assets the ability to approve user assets the ability to approve user. Transactions transactions transactions on a case-by-case basis without on a case-by-case basis without. On a case-by-case basis without cancelling open orders on the books cancelling open orders on the books. Cancelling open orders on the books so this optimizes Stellar so it's a so this optimizes Stellar so it's a. So this optimizes Stellar so it's a great option for issuing assets with great option for issuing assets with. Great option for issuing assets with high compliance requirements high compliance requirements. High compliance requirements like security tickets and the third like security tickets and the third. Like security tickets and the third protocol 13 feature is protocol 13 feature is. Protocol 13 feature is first class multiplexed accounts cap 27 first class multiplexed accounts cap 27. First class multiplexed accounts cap 27 which allows exchanges and custodial which allows exchanges and custodial. Which allows exchanges and custodial services to map a single Stellar account services to map a single Stellar account. Services to map a single Stellar account to multiple users to multiple users to multiple users. Without relying on inefficient without relying on inefficient without relying on inefficient. Workarounds we've learned a lot by workarounds we've learned a lot by workarounds we've learned a lot by. Talking to some of the larger crypto talking to some of the larger crypto talking to some of the larger crypto. Exchanges exchanges exchanges and this change will not only make their and this change will not only make their. And this change will not only make their lives easier it will also lives easier it will also. Lives easier it will also pave the way for businesses that want to pave the way for businesses that want to. Pave the way for businesses that want to manage client accounts to build on manage client accounts to build on. Manage client accounts to build on Stellar Stellar Stellar in addition to these changes at the. In addition to these changes at the in addition to these changes at the protocol level level of the network. Protocol level level of the network protocol level level of the network we've also made some important. We've also made some important we've also made some important advancements for developers and. Advancements for developers and advancements for developers and businesses businesses. Businesses on the application level for example on the application level for example. On the application level for example we introduced sep 30 we introduced sep 30. We introduced sep 30 to now mention that earlier it's a to now mention that earlier it's a. to now mention that earlier it's a seamless user-focused solution for key seamless user-focused solution for key. Seamless user-focused solution for key management and key recovery management and key recovery. Management and key recovery as Denelle was mentioned then and as Denelle was mentioned then and. as Denelle was mentioned then and when she was talking about samsung key when she was talking about samsung key. When she was talking about samsung key management is one of the biggest management is one of the biggest. Management is one of the biggest impediments to user adoption impediments to user adoption. Impediments to user adoption not just for Stellar but for crypto not just for Stellar but for crypto. Not just for Stellar but for crypto generally and it's also one of the most generally and it's also one of the most. Generally and it's also one of the most difficult difficult difficult problems to solve for keys aren't. Problems to solve for keys aren't problems to solve for keys aren't something you can remember they're. Something you can remember they're something you can remember they're complicated strings of letters and. Complicated strings of letters and complicated strings of letters and numbers numbers. Numbers and in most crypto apps if you lose your and in most crypto apps if you lose your. And in most crypto apps if you lose your key you permanently lose access to your key you permanently lose access to your. Key you permanently lose access to your account account account and that just doesn't work for most. And that just doesn't work for most and that just doesn't work for most human beings so you can't introduce an. Human beings so you can't introduce an human beings so you can't introduce an app to the general public and grow it at. App to the general public and grow it at app to the general public and grow it at. Scale scale scale if a small human error can cost you if a small human error can cost you. If a small human error can cost you everything there has to be some sort of everything there has to be some sort of. Everything there has to be some sort of recourse recourse recourse I'm not going to get into all the. I'm not going to get into all the I'm not going to get into all the technical details but step 30 solves the. Technical details but step 30 solves the technical details but step 30 solves the. Problem of key management by leveraging problem of key management by leveraging problem of key management by leveraging. Stellar's built-in multi-sig Stellar's built-in multi-sig Stellar's built-in multi-sig. Capabilities capabilities capabilities to allow a user to easily recover access to allow a user to easily recover access. To allow a user to easily recover access to an account without ever giving to an account without ever giving. To an account without ever giving control of that account to a third party control of that account to a third party. Control of that account to a third party as Denelle mentioned vibrant is built on. As Denelle mentioned vibrant is built on as Denelle mentioned vibrant is built on. Step 30 and I tested it last week step 30 and I tested it last week step 30 and I tested it last week. All I had to remember to access my all I had to remember to access my all I had to remember to access my. Account was my phone number account was my phone number account was my phone number. the implications of sub 30 could be the implications of sub 30 could be the implications of sub 30 could be. Huge right it paves the way huge right it paves the way huge right it paves the way. For a new breed of user friendly apps on for a new breed of user friendly apps on. For a new breed of user friendly apps on Stellar and we're really excited to see Stellar and we're really excited to see. Stellar and we're really excited to see what businesses what businesses what businesses. And developers can do we also did a and developers can do we also did a and developers can do we also did a. Complete overhaul of our developer complete overhaul of our developer complete overhaul of our developer. Documentation documentation documentation the docs are now leaner better looking the docs are now leaner better looking. The docs are now leaner better looking and more focused on today's use cases and more focused on today's use cases. And more focused on today's use cases they're organized around learning paths they're organized around learning paths. They're organized around learning paths and will continue to add more learning and will continue to add more learning. And will continue to add more learning paths as network use cases evolve paths as network use cases evolve. Paths as network use cases evolve Stellar's always been known for having Stellar's always been known for having. Stellar's always been known for having good documentation and we kept good documentation and we kept. Good documentation and we kept everything that was working with this everything that was working with this. Everything that was working with this new update new update new update we just made it even easier to learn how. We just made it even easier to learn how we just made it even easier to learn how. To build on Stellar to build on Stellar to build on Stellar that's it for me so with that it's my. That's it for me so with that it's my that's it for me so with that it's my pleasure to turn it over to candace. Pleasure to turn it over to candace pleasure to turn it over to candace kelly kelly. Kelly our general counsel to share with you our general counsel to share with you. Our general counsel to share with you what we've been doing to be the what we've been doing to be the. What we've been doing to be the blockchain people know and trust blockchain people know and trust. Blockchain people know and trust candace thanks so much justin it's great to thanks so much justin it's great to. Be here again I'm candice kelly the be here again I'm candice kelly the be here again I'm candice kelly the. General counsel general counsel general counsel it's really encouraging to see all the. It's really encouraging to see all the it's really encouraging to see all the growth in our network and in the. Growth in our network and in the growth in our network and in the technology technology. Technology we've also been busy this quarter we've also been busy this quarter we've also been busy this quarter. Getting vocal and visible getting vocal and visible getting vocal and visible virtually of course in this pandemic. Virtually of course in this pandemic virtually of course in this pandemic time on the policy front. Time on the policy front time on the policy front we became a platform partner in the. We became a platform partner in the we became a platform partner in the world economic forum. World economic forum world economic forum center for the fourth industrial center for the fourth industrial. Center for the fourth industrial revolution revolution revolution as a member we're on the digital. As a member we're on the digital as a member we're on the digital currency governance consortium. Currency governance consortium currency governance consortium which is a working group of industry. Which is a working group of industry which is a working group of industry stakeholders addressing. Stakeholders addressing stakeholders addressing key questions and governance gaps posed. Key questions and governance gaps posed key questions and governance gaps posed by new forms. By new forms by new forms of digital currency including stable of digital currency including stable. Of digital currency including stable coins coins coins the consortium has a number of working. The consortium has a number of working the consortium has a number of working groups and we're focusing specifically. Groups and we're focusing specifically groups and we're focusing specifically on the digital currency use cases the. On the digital currency use cases the on the digital currency use cases the working group will assess. Working group will assess working group will assess where digital currency may add value. Where digital currency may add value where digital currency may add value including a number of areas that are. Including a number of areas that are including a number of areas that are right in our strike zone. Right in our strike zone right in our strike zone for example the potential for digital. For example the potential for digital for example the potential for digital currency to replace cash. Currency to replace cash currency to replace cash particularly in pandemic time issues. Particularly in pandemic time issues particularly in pandemic time issues related to the need for lower cost. Related to the need for lower cost related to the need for lower cost remittances and cross-border payments. Remittances and cross-border payments remittances and cross-border payments financial inclusion money laundering and. Financial inclusion money laundering and financial inclusion money laundering and. Strengthening of aml cft capacities strengthening of aml cft capacities strengthening of aml cft capacities. Domestic and cross-border regulatory domestic and cross-border regulatory domestic and cross-border regulatory. Oversight and coordination oversight and coordination oversight and coordination monetary control and central bank. Monetary control and central bank monetary control and central bank digital currencies. Digital currencies digital currencies and since as justin just mentioned and since as justin just mentioned. And since as justin just mentioned Stellar was designed for stable coins Stellar was designed for stable coins. Stellar was designed for stable coins and cbdc's we find that it's very easy and cbdc's we find that it's very easy. And cbdc's we find that it's very easy to issue assets to issue assets to issue assets. On the Stellar network we're looking on the Stellar network we're looking on the Stellar network we're looking. Forward to see how forward to see how forward to see how we'll advance this important work of the. We'll advance this important work of the we'll advance this important work of the. World economic forum world economic forum world economic forum and then to strengthen sds capacity to. And then to strengthen sds capacity to and then to strengthen sds capacity to join more policy discussions. Join more policy discussions join more policy discussions and forums like the like the west and to. And forums like the like the west and to and forums like the like the west and to. Raise awareness for Stellar within the raise awareness for Stellar within the raise awareness for Stellar within the. Policy maker and regulatory spheres policy maker and regulatory spheres policy maker and regulatory spheres. We also hired a new head of policy and we also hired a new head of policy and we also hired a new head of policy and. Government relations government relations government relations who's focused primarily on engagement in. Who's focused primarily on engagement in who's focused primarily on engagement in. Dc dc dc but he's already getting up to speed on but he's already getting up to speed on. But he's already getting up to speed on policy issues that reach well beyond policy issues that reach well beyond. Policy issues that reach well beyond our borders as well but we haven't just our borders as well but we haven't just. Our borders as well but we haven't just been getting vocal with policy makers we been getting vocal with policy makers we. Been getting vocal with policy makers we devoted devoted devoted a lot of q2 to both joining and hosting. A lot of q2 to both joining and hosting a lot of q2 to both joining and hosting virtual events. We participated in eight industry events we participated in eight industry events. We ran a Stellar foundation session at we ran a Stellar foundation session at we ran a Stellar foundation session at. Consensus distributed consensus distributed consensus distributed where we shared the vision of Stellar in. Where we shared the vision of Stellar in where we shared the vision of Stellar in. 2020 and also highlighted businesses 2020 and also highlighted businesses 2020 and also highlighted businesses. Built on Stellar built on Stellar built on Stellar both jed and Denelle were on stage at. Both jed and Denelle were on stage at both jed and Denelle were on stage at block down to 2.0. Block down to 2.0 block down to 2.0 jed was on a mastermind panel on jed was on a mastermind panel on. Jed was on a mastermind panel on interoperability interoperability interoperability. And Denelle delivered a keynote on her and Denelle delivered a keynote on her and Denelle delivered a keynote on her. Favorite topic of the favorite topic of the favorite topic of the of the moment key management Denelle. Of the moment key management Denelle of the moment key management Denelle also presented to a global audience of. Also presented to a global audience of also presented to a global audience of entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs entrepreneurs at road to tycon in june we also focused at road to tycon in june we also focused. At road to tycon in june we also focused on on on expanding our own capacity to host. Expanding our own capacity to host expanding our own capacity to host virtual events which resulted in a total. Virtual events which resulted in a total virtual events which resulted in a total. Of 20 events of 20 events of 20 events we had 16 in english and we had four in we had 16 in english and we had four in. We had 16 in english and we had four in spanish throughout the quarter ranging spanish throughout the quarter ranging. Spanish throughout the quarter ranging from webinars workshops from webinars workshops. From webinars workshops round tables engineering talks some of round tables engineering talks some of. Round tables engineering talks some of the highlights include a webinar on the highlights include a webinar on. The highlights include a webinar on anchor basics anchor basics anchor basics the business and benefits of being an. The business and benefits of being an the business and benefits of being an anchor a webinar on compliance. Anchor a webinar on compliance anchor a webinar on compliance and the Stellar network supporting our. And the Stellar network supporting our and the Stellar network supporting our announcement of our partnership with. Announcement of our partnership with announcement of our partnership with elliptic an engine engineering talk on. Elliptic an engine engineering talk on elliptic an engine engineering talk on kelp. Kelp kelp which is a free customizable open source which is a free customizable open source. Which is a free customizable open source trading bot for the Stellar universal trading bot for the Stellar universal. Trading bot for the Stellar universal marketplace marketplace marketplace and a roundtable discussion on ecosystem. And a roundtable discussion on ecosystem and a roundtable discussion on ecosystem. Standards for creating payment corridors standards for creating payment corridors. Standards for creating payment corridors which ultimately resulted in the which ultimately resulted in the. Which ultimately resulted in the creation of step 31 creation of step 31 creation of step 31. Which is helping anchors in the network which is helping anchors in the network which is helping anchors in the network. Sending and receiving sending and receiving sending and receiving transactions which is a tool that helps. Transactions which is a tool that helps transactions which is a tool that helps them to comply with. Them to comply with them to comply with the travel role in addition to our the travel role in addition to our. The travel role in addition to our aggressive efforts aggressive efforts aggressive efforts. In the communications front sdf executed in the communications front sdf executed. In the communications front sdf executed a series of paid marketing initiatives a series of paid marketing initiatives. A series of paid marketing initiatives to further awareness and understanding to further awareness and understanding. To further awareness and understanding of the Stellar network of the Stellar network. Of the Stellar network our two speaking appearances at the our two speaking appearances at the. Our two speaking appearances at the consensus distributed conference consensus distributed conference. Consensus distributed conference were complemented by sponsorship were complemented by sponsorship. Were complemented by sponsorship activation within the virtual conference activation within the virtual conference. Activation within the virtual conference as well as within coindesk podcast as well as within coindesk podcast. As well as within coindesk podcast series additionally series additionally series additionally. Sdf advertised on the unchained podcast sdf advertised on the unchained podcast sdf advertised on the unchained podcast. Hosted by laura shin hosted by laura shin hosted by laura shin and we've also begun testing the. And we've also begun testing the and we've also begun testing the effectiveness of online search and. Effectiveness of online search and effectiveness of online search and display media. Display media display media we also started preparations for our we also started preparations for our. We also started preparations for our biggest virtual event of all biggest virtual event of all. Biggest virtual event of all which is our second annual Stellar which is our second annual Stellar. Which is our second annual Stellar conference conference conference meridian meridian is set for november. Meridian meridian is set for november meridian meridian is set for november 16th through the 20th. 16th through the 20th 16th through the 20th and in the context of the ongoing and in the context of the ongoing. And in the context of the ongoing pandemic we've decided pandemic we've decided pandemic we've decided. That the event will be held virtually that the event will be held virtually that the event will be held virtually. And it will be free of charge and it will be free of charge and it will be free of charge. The theme of the event is global the theme of the event is global the theme of the event is global. Connections to solve real world connections to solve real world connections to solve real world. Challenges challenges challenges stay tuned for updates like speaker and stay tuned for updates like speaker and. Stay tuned for updates like speaker and program announcements program announcements. Program announcements by signing up at meridian.org by signing up at meridian.org. By signing up at meridian.org so that's it for me lauren i'll hand it so that's it for me lauren i'll hand it. So that's it for me lauren i'll hand it back to you thank you candice and thank you everyone. Thank you candice and thank you everyone those those those we're now ready to open it up to q a so. We're now ready to open it up to q a so we're now ready to open it up to q a so if you have questions please submit them. If you have questions please submit them if you have questions please submit them. In the chat box in the upper left hand in the chat box in the upper left hand in the chat box in the upper left hand. Corner of your screen corner of your screen corner of your screen it looks like we already have one. it looks like we already have one it looks like we already have one that we can kick. That we can kick that we can kick off with Denelle I think this one off with Denelle I think this one. Off with Denelle I think this one probably best suited for you is probably best suited for you is. Probably best suited for you is to what extent has sdf's work been to what extent has sdf's work been. to what extent has sdf's work been impacted impacted impacted or not by the pandemic that's such a. Or not by the pandemic that's such a or not by the pandemic that's such a great question. Great question great question and it's such a hard question because as and it's such a hard question because as. And it's such a hard question because as you can see by what we've done in q2 you can see by what we've done in q2. You can see by what we've done in q2 during the the heart of the pandemic I during the the heart of the pandemic i. During the the heart of the pandemic I think we've done awesome work think we've done awesome work. Think we've done awesome work and I'm so grateful for all of our team and I'm so grateful for all of our team. And I'm so grateful for all of our team members who've spent so much of their members who've spent so much of their. Members who've spent so much of their time time time focused on the work even in a time when. Focused on the work even in a time when focused on the work even in a time when there's so many other things in the. There's so many other things in the there's so many other things in the world to focus on. World to focus on world to focus on so we've kind of nailed it in terms of so we've kind of nailed it in terms of. So we've kind of nailed it in terms of the work that we've done but I can't the work that we've done but I can't. The work that we've done but I can't pretend that this hasn't impacted pretend that this hasn't impacted. Pretend that this hasn't impacted sdf in particular just because our sdf in particular just because our. sdf in particular just because our sdf sdf sdf in addition to our the Stellar ecosystem. In addition to our the Stellar ecosystem in addition to our the Stellar ecosystem. From an sds standpoint we have we were from an sds standpoint we have we were from an sds standpoint we have we were. Open to remote already we had lots of open to remote already we had lots of open to remote already we had lots of. Employees that were working remotely employees that were working remotely employees that were working remotely. And so this has just broadened that and and so this has just broadened that and and so this has just broadened that and. Made it so that we're all working from made it so that we're all working from made it so that we're all working from. Our homes and in our home offices our homes and in our home offices our homes and in our home offices. And and really I think doing a great job and and really I think doing a great job. And and really I think doing a great job working together working together working together . But I have to say like it's hard and I but I have to say like it's hard and I but I have to say like it's hard and i. Think everybody's experiencing this all think everybody's experiencing this all think everybody's experiencing this all. Around the world that it's it gets hard around the world that it's it gets hard around the world that it's it gets hard. When you don't have as much human when you don't have as much human when you don't have as much human. Contact as you're used to contact as you're used to contact as you're used to so we really are trying to focus on. So we really are trying to focus on so we really are trying to focus on getting folks to step away from their. Getting folks to step away from their getting folks to step away from their computers and to have some. Computers and to have some computers and to have some of their personal and alone time so that. Of their personal and alone time so that of their personal and alone time so that. They can really like they can really like they can really like fuel what they need to feel in their. Fuel what they need to feel in their fuel what they need to feel in their life so that they can still give back to. Life so that they can still give back to life so that they can still give back to. Us but also to their families us but also to their families us but also to their families. I will say that I think that we're I will say that I think that we're I will say that I think that we're. Very mindful very mindful very mindful that even though sdf I think has been that even though sdf I think has been. That even though sdf I think has been pretty strong and done some really great. Pretty strong and done some really great pretty strong and done some really great. Work and had work and had work and had and we're stable in terms of our and we're stable in terms of our. And we're stable in terms of our financials there are others in the financials there are others in the. Financials there are others in the ecosystem who've been impacted so ecosystem who've been impacted so. Ecosystem who've been impacted so we keep a really close eye on how the we keep a really close eye on how the. We keep a really close eye on how the ecosystem is doing just to make sure ecosystem is doing just to make sure. Ecosystem is doing just to make sure that we have an understanding and that that we have an understanding and that. That we have an understanding and that we can do what we can do to support the we can do what we can do to support the. We can do what we can do to support the ecosystem ecosystem ecosystem with respect to any kind of work that we. With respect to any kind of work that we with respect to any kind of work that we. Can do documentation we can provide can do documentation we can provide can do documentation we can provide. To make things seamless and easy so all to make things seamless and easy so all to make things seamless and easy so all. Told I think we've done told I think we've done told I think we've done a fairly good job of really staying. A fairly good job of really staying a fairly good job of really staying focused during this. Focused during this focused during this but I can't deny that it's just hard I but I can't deny that it's just hard i. But I can't deny that it's just hard I think it's hard for all of us thanks danielle I think the next. Thanks danielle I think the next question we have that came in here is question we have that came in here is. Question we have that came in here is for for for bill at abra so I think you know. Bill at abra so I think you know bill at abra so I think you know we made the announcement back in may. We made the announcement back in may we made the announcement back in may about how you're going to be using. About how you're going to be using about how you're going to be using Stellar and so. Stellar and so Stellar and so maybe you could explain kind of what's maybe you could explain kind of what's. Maybe you could explain kind of what's happened from may to now happened from may to now. Happened from may to now sure so this is happening in in sure so this is happening in in. Sure so this is happening in in phases for us phases for us phases for us yes we are our goal is to build a. Yes we are our goal is to build a yes we are our goal is to build a series of global. Series of global series of global banking services which also banking services which also. Banking services which also take advantage of the Stellar network take advantage of the Stellar network. Take advantage of the Stellar network and the first phase for us and the first phase for us. And the first phase for us is our lending business and that's is our lending business and that's. Is our lending business and that's already launched already launched already launched. Where we're basically building where we're basically building where we're basically building . Relationships with relationships with relationships with lots of institutional players who. lots of institutional players who lots of institutional players who will be. Will be will be partnering with abra in the lending partnering with abra in the lending. Partnering with abra in the lending space space space that tends to be stuff that we don't. That tends to be stuff that we don't that tends to be stuff that we don't necessarily announce but but is. Necessarily announce but but is necessarily announce but but is essential for essential for. Essential for building up liquidity in our building up liquidity in our. building up liquidity in our network network network and then the technology part of this is. And then the technology part of this is and then the technology part of this is something that we'll be working on. Something that we'll be working on something that we'll be working on mostly in the second half of this. mostly in the second half of this mostly in the second half of this year. Year year and then the launch of that will also is and then the launch of that will also is. And then the launch of that will also is actually related to the question Denelle. Actually related to the question Denelle actually related to the question Denelle. Just answered just answered just answered to the state of the kind of the to the state of the kind of the. to the state of the kind of the the lending markets because of covet the lending markets because of covet. The lending markets because of covet and you know for example if we're and you know for example if we're. and you know for example if we're looking at cross-border looking at cross-border. Looking at cross-border p2p loan origination for example or p2p loan origination for example or. P2p loan origination for example or cross-border trade cross-border trade cross-border trade. Trade finance applications a lot of what trade finance applications a lot of what. Trade finance applications a lot of what we end up doing we end up doing we end up doing. From a risk management perspective will from a risk management perspective will from a risk management perspective will. Depend upon depend upon depend upon the state of the markets and you know the state of the markets and you know. The state of the markets and you know this this this is the goal here is to and this is the. Is the goal here is to and this is the is the goal here is to and this is the second part of your question that I see. Second part of your question that I see second part of your question that I see benjamin is that this extends. benjamin is that this extends benjamin is that this extends what's working in d5 way beyond just. what's working in d5 way beyond just what's working in d5 way beyond just crypto for the sake of crypto. Crypto for the sake of crypto crypto for the sake of crypto but really to make it truly useful in. But really to make it truly useful in but really to make it truly useful in traditional finance. Traditional finance traditional finance applications my favorite is applications my favorite is. Applications my favorite is cross-border cross-border cross-border p2p loan origination because this means. P2p loan origination because this means p2p loan origination because this means that loan originators. That loan originators that loan originators there are many p2p loan originators for. There are many p2p loan originators for there are many p2p loan originators for example now. Example now example now who are well funded in southeast asia who are well funded in southeast asia. Who are well funded in southeast asia latin america latin america latin america but they have to source capital locally. But they have to source capital locally but they have to source capital locally and it's often very expensive. And it's often very expensive and it's often very expensive because the traditional banks won't play. Because the traditional banks won't play because the traditional banks won't play. And by and by and by opening that up to other forms of opening that up to other forms of. Opening that up to other forms of capital capital capital that means that we can eventually drive. That means that we can eventually drive that means that we can eventually drive the rates down for. The rates down for the rates down for small business and individual loans in small business and individual loans in. Small business and individual loans in in those emerging markets in those emerging markets. In those emerging markets and I think that leveraging stable coin and I think that leveraging stable coin. And I think that leveraging stable coin technology for example to be able to technology for example to be able to. Technology for example to be able to move that money around move that money around. Move that money around very quickly is an essential part of very quickly is an essential part of. Very quickly is an essential part of enabling that over time because we just enabling that over time because we just. Enabling that over time because we just can't do it fast enough be in the banks thank you thank you. Thank you thank you so I think the next next question so I think the next next question. so I think the next next question we've got here we've got here we've got here. Is for Denelle you mentioned having a is for Denelle you mentioned having a is for Denelle you mentioned having a. Growing anchor footprint growing anchor footprint growing anchor footprint what's been the driver behind getting. what's been the driver behind getting what's been the driver behind getting. More anchors on board and do we have a more anchors on board and do we have a more anchors on board and do we have a. Goal for the number of anchors that we goal for the number of anchors that we goal for the number of anchors that we. Would ultimately get to would ultimately get to would ultimately get to so so anchors are my next favorite topic. So so anchors are my next favorite topic so so anchors are my next favorite topic. and set 30 and anchors are kind of and set 30 and anchors are kind of and set 30 and anchors are kind of. Close in terms of the close in terms of the close in terms of the the needs and the value that anchors and. The needs and the value that anchors and the needs and the value that anchors and. and then and then also key recovery and then and then also key recovery and then and then also key recovery. Bring to the network and just to bring to the network and just to bring to the network and just to. Blockchain generally having financial blockchain generally having financial blockchain generally having financial. Institutions institutions institutions on the network and creating corridors so on the network and creating corridors so. On the network and creating corridors so that businesses and individuals can that businesses and individuals can. That businesses and individuals can benefit for the benefit for the benefit for the. From these cross-border transactions is from these cross-border transactions is from these cross-border transactions is. Just crucial for the success just crucial for the success just crucial for the success. Of the Stellar network and so the driver of the Stellar network and so the driver. Of the Stellar network and so the driver has been very clearly that has been very clearly that. Has been very clearly that we need them and the other driver has we need them and the other driver has. We need them and the other driver has been demand from been demand from been demand from. We have corridors that are already open we have corridors that are already open we have corridors that are already open. And then we have demand from and then we have demand from and then we have demand from. Some of the anchors to say hey we would some of the anchors to say hey we would some of the anchors to say hey we would. Love to have you know another anchor on love to have you know another anchor on love to have you know another anchor on. The other side the other side the other side in brazil for example or another anchor. In brazil for example or another anchor in brazil for example or another anchor on the other side in mexico so that we. On the other side in mexico so that we on the other side in mexico so that we can actually have those transactions go. Can actually have those transactions go can actually have those transactions go back and forth. Back and forth back and forth so it's the increasing volume on the so it's the increasing volume on the. So it's the increasing volume on the network the increasing network the increasing. Network the increasing requirements that we see to open up more requirements that we see to open up more. Requirements that we see to open up more and more corridors that are driving and more corridors that are driving. And more corridors that are driving the need for anchors but this is just a the need for anchors but this is just a. The need for anchors but this is just a really really really important part of what we need to do and. Important part of what we need to do and important part of what we need to do and. What I see what I see what I see our value add to the network is from an our value add to the network is from an. Our value add to the network is from an sds standpoint is that we can help these sds standpoint is that we can help these. Sds standpoint is that we can help these financial institutions to be able to financial institutions to be able to. Financial institutions to be able to integrate integrate integrate and to seamlessly operate with the the. And to seamlessly operate with the the and to seamlessly operate with the the network and with the other players on it. Network and with the other players on it network and with the other players on it. And I don't look at this in terms of and I don't look at this in terms of and I don't look at this in terms of. Numbers because I think that it's more numbers because I think that it's more numbers because I think that it's more. Important that you think about it in important that you think about it in important that you think about it in. Terms of corridors being open terms of corridors being open terms of corridors being open. So we're actually working now to so we're actually working now to so we're actually working now to. Determine what our we're doing our q3 determine what our we're doing our q3 determine what our we're doing our q3. Okrs right now to determine what we want okrs right now to determine what we want. Okrs right now to determine what we want to see in terms of growth to see in terms of growth. To see in terms of growth but I'm not going to lie I would love to but I'm not going to lie I would love to. But I'm not going to lie I would love to see like 10 20 30 more anchors on the see like 10 20 30 more anchors on the. See like 10 20 30 more anchors on the network network network in the next six months now that's. In the next six months now that's in the next six months now that's just a huge number to bring on. Just a huge number to bring on just a huge number to bring on but it would just be fantastic to be. But it would just be fantastic to be but it would just be fantastic to be able to see more and more quarters open. Able to see more and more quarters open able to see more and more quarters open up. Up up so that we can have more and more room so that we can have more and more room. So that we can have more and more room for other businesses to join and for other businesses to join and. For other businesses to join and participate participate participate in what we see is just a growing. In what we see is just a growing in what we see is just a growing ecosystem thanks danielle I think the next. Thanks danielle I think the next question here is probably for question here is probably for. Question here is probably for justin justin are there any technical justin justin are there any technical. Justin justin are there any technical advancements like future caps or seps advancements like future caps or seps. Advancements like future caps or seps that you anticipate that you anticipate that you anticipate. That are in the works yeah that's a great question there yeah that's a great question there. Are several i'll talk about some of the are several i'll talk about some of the are several i'll talk about some of the. Few like some of the most important ones few like some of the most important ones. Few like some of the most important ones protocol 14 is well underway and it protocol 14 is well underway and it. protocol 14 is well underway and it involves involves involves two caps that introduce also new great. Two caps that introduce also new great two caps that introduce also new great features. Features features cap 23 which introduces claimable cap 23 which introduces claimable. cap 23 which introduces claimable balances balances balances they allow sending a payment to an. They allow sending a payment to an they allow sending a payment to an account that is not yet prepared to. Account that is not yet prepared to account that is not yet prepared to receive it. Receive it receive it and cap 33 which introduces sponsored and cap 33 which introduces sponsored. And cap 33 which introduces sponsored reserves reserves reserves essentially allowing an app to cover. Essentially allowing an app to cover essentially allowing an app to cover user reserves so users don't have to. User reserves so users don't have to user reserves so users don't have to understand or. Understand or understand or manage a lumen balance both these things manage a lumen balance both these things. Manage a lumen balance both these things work together to basically work together to basically. Work together to basically make it so that you can build apps that make it so that you can build apps that. Make it so that you can build apps that manage manage manage all of the sort of crypto aspects of. All of the sort of crypto aspects of all of the sort of crypto aspects of Stellar and conceal the complexity of. Stellar and conceal the complexity of Stellar and conceal the complexity of crypto from users. Crypto from users crypto from users so people can build payment apps that so people can build payment apps that. So people can build payment apps that look and feel like payment apps rather look and feel like payment apps rather. Look and feel like payment apps rather than like than like than like crypto payment apps and that's those. Crypto payment apps and that's those crypto payment apps and that's those two will be part of protocol 14. Two will be part of protocol 14 two will be part of protocol 14 which is in the works and once it's done. Which is in the works and once it's done which is in the works and once it's done. We'll sort of start rolling it out and we'll sort of start rolling it out and we'll sort of start rolling it out and. Working with the ecosystem working with the ecosystem working with the ecosystem to get the network upgraded well. To get the network upgraded well to get the network upgraded well underway the second sort of. Underway the second sort of underway the second sort of big one that we're working on and we've. Big one that we're working on and we've big one that we're working on and we've been working on for a while is a step. Been working on for a while is a step been working on for a while is a step again a sort of. Again a sort of again a sort of ecosystem level solution for a problem ecosystem level solution for a problem. Ecosystem level solution for a problem that many people building on Stellar that many people building on Stellar. That many people building on Stellar phase phase phase this one is called step 31 and. this one is called step 31 and this one is called step 31 and essentially it's it's designed in. Essentially it's it's designed in essentially it's it's designed in conjunction with some current anchors. Conjunction with some current anchors conjunction with some current anchors it enables two anchors to interoperate. It enables two anchors to interoperate it enables two anchors to interoperate to pass required information. To pass required information to pass required information and makes it so a user can send fiat. And makes it so a user can send fiat and makes it so a user can send fiat from their bank account. From their bank account from their bank account directly to the recipient's bank account. Directly to the recipient's bank account directly to the recipient's bank account. Again this conceals sort of the again this conceals sort of the again this conceals sort of the. Complexity of crypto from users and it complexity of crypto from users and it complexity of crypto from users and it. Also allows these anchors to comply with also allows these anchors to comply with. Also allows these anchors to comply with the travel rules so they comply with an the travel rules so they comply with an. The travel rules so they comply with an important regulation important regulation. Important regulation that requires financial institutions to that requires financial institutions to. That requires financial institutions to share certain info share certain info share certain info. About parties involved in a transaction about parties involved in a transaction about parties involved in a transaction. And step 31 is like and step 31 is like and step 31 is like a spec that has been worked out and in. A spec that has been worked out and in a spec that has been worked out and in fact we just added step 31 functionality. Fact we just added step 31 functionality fact we just added step 31 functionality. To polaris which is a reference to polaris which is a reference to polaris which is a reference. Implementation that people can use implementation that people can use implementation that people can use. So that anchors can set this up really so that anchors can set this up really so that anchors can set this up really. Easily and say those are the two easily and say those are the two easily and say those are the two. Two big things thank you justin okay I think we have thank you justin okay I think we have. another question that came in here and another question that came in here and. Another question that came in here and this one I think is for bill this one I think is for bill. This one I think is for bill so I think some people saw the news so I think some people saw the news. So I think some people saw the news about the announcement of the settlement about the announcement of the settlement. About the announcement of the settlement you had with regulators yesterday you had with regulators yesterday. You had with regulators yesterday and just general question about whether and just general question about whether. And just general question about whether you anticipate any impact from that on you anticipate any impact from that on. You anticipate any impact from that on your business your business your business sure that's a good question. Back in I believe in the november back in I believe in the november december time frame. December time frame december time frame and we've long since moved on in our and we've long since moved on in our. and we've long since moved on in our business so basically for the last business so basically for the last. Business so basically for the last seven months seven months seven months of the business that we've been running. Of the business that we've been running of the business that we've been running as had basically been post. As had basically been post as had basically been post those agreements so it just. Those agreements so it just those agreements so it just happens to have been yesterday that. Happens to have been yesterday that happens to have been yesterday that the sec and cftc made the announcements. The sec and cftc made the announcements the sec and cftc made the announcements we actually have no visibility as to. We actually have no visibility as to we actually have no visibility as to when they're going to do that it's kind. When they're going to do that it's kind when they're going to do that it's kind of a black. Of a black of a black that was just a coincidence and as I that was just a coincidence and as i. That was just a coincidence and as I said abra has long since moved on said abra has long since moved on. Said abra has long since moved on I'm not allowed to comment on the I'm not allowed to comment on the. I'm not allowed to comment on the content of the agreements except to say content of the agreements except to say. Content of the agreements except to say you know we're fine with how far our you know we're fine with how far our. You know we're fine with how far our business in the us in particular is business in the us in particular is. Business in the us in particular is doing really really well doing really really well. Doing really really well and we're really happy with how and we're really happy with how. And we're really happy with how things stand so things stand so things stand so. No no concerns great thank you very much for sharing great thank you very much for sharing. That and I think we have one that and I think we have one that and I think we have one. Last question coming in here and it's last question coming in here and it's last question coming in here and it's. For for for candid candice what kind of policy candid candice what kind of policy. Candid candice what kind of policy objectives objectives objectives are you looking to achieve by engaging. Are you looking to achieve by engaging are you looking to achieve by engaging in dc and with. In dc and with in dc and with like the world economic forum as you like the world economic forum as you. like the world economic forum as you mentioned in your part of the presentation. Presentation thanks lauren that's a good question thanks lauren that's a good question. Thanks lauren that's a good question I think this is a really exciting time. I think this is a really exciting time I think this is a really exciting time in the policy world of cryptocurrency. In the policy world of cryptocurrency in the policy world of cryptocurrency I will say that I think that the . I will say that I think that the I will say that I think that the announcement of libra last year and then. Announcement of libra last year and then announcement of libra last year and then. The pandemic the pandemic the pandemic and the discussions around digital and the discussions around digital. And the discussions around digital dollar and getting stimulus checks out dollar and getting stimulus checks out. Dollar and getting stimulus checks out in a secure and efficient in a secure and efficient. In a secure and efficient way has really raised the profile and way has really raised the profile and. Way has really raised the profile and and the interest level on the hill and and the interest level on the hill and. And the interest level on the hill and in dc in dc in dc with both regulators and policy makers. With both regulators and policy makers with both regulators and policy makers in terms of first just understanding. In terms of first just understanding in terms of first just understanding what it is. What it is what it is I think that there were a lot of folks I think that there were a lot of folks. I think that there were a lot of folks who were quite well educated on who were quite well educated on. Who were quite well educated on on cryptocurrency and blockchain on cryptocurrency and blockchain. On cryptocurrency and blockchain technology but they're they're technology but they're they're. Technology but they're they're a lot who are still getting up to speed a lot who are still getting up to speed. A lot who are still getting up to speed on that on that on that and there's a there's an urgency and an. And there's a there's an urgency and an and there's a there's an urgency and an interest in doing that which makes it. Interest in doing that which makes it interest in doing that which makes it really a great opportunity for us. Really a great opportunity for us really a great opportunity for us and I think that Stellar the sdf as a. And I think that Stellar the sdf as a and I think that Stellar the sdf as a. Non-profit is in a unique non-profit is in a unique non-profit is in a unique role in that we we really hope to be. Role in that we we really hope to be role in that we we really hope to be able to be. Able to be able to be a credible voice in just helping in that a credible voice in just helping in that. A credible voice in just helping in that education education education department and obviously it starts with. Department and obviously it starts with department and obviously it starts with education. Education education and then participation having somebody and then participation having somebody. And then participation having somebody now a full-time person who can now a full-time person who can. Now a full-time person who can really focus on these issues is really focus on these issues is. Really focus on these issues is fantastic fantastic fantastic and then advocacy is the is the. And then advocacy is the is the and then advocacy is the is the ultimate goal so. Ultimate goal so ultimate goal so both within dc and then as I mentioned both within dc and then as I mentioned. Both within dc and then as I mentioned it's impossible with the global it's impossible with the global. it's impossible with the global nature of nature of nature of our business and this technology to not. Our business and this technology to not our business and this technology to not be jumping in. Be jumping in be jumping in to conversations in all different to conversations in all different. To conversations in all different jurisdictions jurisdictions jurisdictions as regulators across the globe are. As regulators across the globe are as regulators across the globe are trying to figure this out and. Trying to figure this out and trying to figure this out and and take advantage of blockchain in a. and take advantage of blockchain in a and take advantage of blockchain in a. Safe and compliant way so safe and compliant way so safe and compliant way so the world economic forum is one way that. The world economic forum is one way that the world economic forum is one way that. We're doing that but we're also engaging we're doing that but we're also engaging. We're doing that but we're also engaging with with with with anchors and partners across the. With anchors and partners across the with anchors and partners across the globe in making sure that we are being. Globe in making sure that we are being globe in making sure that we are being helpful in both educating and advocating. Helpful in both educating and advocating helpful in both educating and advocating. On that on the on that on the on that on the policy front policy front policy front. Great well I think that is all the great well I think that is all the great well I think that is all the. Questions we had questions we had questions we had thank you to our speakers for joining. Thank you to our speakers for joining thank you to our speakers for joining today if anyone on the call has. Today if anyone on the call has today if anyone on the call has follow-up questions feel free to. Follow-up questions feel free to follow-up questions feel free to email us at media `stellar.org` and thank. Email us at media `stellar.org` and thank email us at media `stellar.org` and thank you everyone. You everyone you everyone for joining us today.
