  Lightning. Oh my gosh. Hello everyone Lightning. Oh my gosh. Hello everyone. Lightning. Oh my gosh. Hello everyone and welcome to this week's Stellar and welcome to this week's Stella. And welcome to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting. Today we have two developer meeting. Today we have two. Developer meeting. Today we have two things on the on the program. We have things on the on the program. We have. Things on the on the program. We have first G. She will present the the latest first G. She will present the the latest. First G. She will present the the latest updates to Stellar Lab which I'm super updates to Stellar Lab which I'm super. Updates to Stellar Lab which I'm super excited about. It's a tool I use almost excited about. It's a tool I use almost. Excited about. It's a tool I use almost every day. And then later on Jane also every day. And then later on Jane also. Every day. And then later on Jane also from the DevX team will join and talk from the DevX team will join and talk. From the DevX team will join and talk about upgradeable contract proposal. About upgradeable contract proposal. About upgradeable contract proposal. So let's get started. I think I think So let's get started. I think I think. So let's get started. I think I think it was in I think it was in December, it was in I think it was in December,. It was in I think it was in December, early December we had the latest the early December we had the latest the. Early December we had the latest the last presentation of Stellar Labs but last presentation of Stellar Labs but. Last presentation of Stellar Labs but a lot has happened since then. So I'm a lot has happened since then. So I'm. A lot has happened since then. So I'm super excited about learning more super excited about learning more. Super excited about learning more about the new features and yeah take about the new features and yeah take. About the new features and yeah take it away G. Yeah awesome. Thank you it away G. Yeah awesome. Thank you. It away G. Yeah awesome. Thank you Kirsten. Oh my god I'm so excited to see Kirsten. Oh my god I'm so excited to see. Kirsten. Oh my god I'm so excited to see like Emir enlightenment in this chat. Like Emir enlightenment in this chat. Like Emir enlightenment in this chat. Hello my name is Gson. I'm on DevX Hello my name is Gson. I'm on DevX Hello my name is Gson. I'm on DevX. Team. We work on CLI, lab, quick start team. We work on CLI, lab, quick start team. We work on CLI, lab, quick start. And more things. , but I'm primarily and more things. , but I'm primarily and more things. , but I'm primarily. Working on the lab and I'm very excited working on the lab and I'm very excited working on the lab and I'm very excited. To show you guys what we have what we to show you guys what we have what we to show you guys what we have what we. Have built so far for , smart have built so far for , smart have built so far for , smart. Contracts on Stellar. , so I will contracts on Stellar. , so I will contracts on Stellar. , so I will. Share my screen and I'm going to share share my screen and I'm going to share share my screen and I'm going to share. My entire screen because I want to do my entire screen because I want to do my entire screen because I want to do. Some CLI work as well. So, can everybody some CLI work as well. So, can everybody. Some CLI work as well. So, can everybody see me? Okay, great. I think Carson, see me? Okay, great. I think Carson,. See me? Okay, great. I think Carson, did you share my notion doc? I am going did you share my notion doc? I am going. Did you share my notion doc? I am going to do that right now. Please. So I'm to do that right now. Please. So I'm. To do that right now. Please. So I'm going to walk you guys through what going to walk you guys through what. Going to walk you guys through what we're going to talk about today. we're going to talk about today. . We're going to talk about today. first of all, we're going to go through first of all, we're going to go through. First of all, we're going to go through overview of smart contract features on overview of smart contract features on. Overview of smart contract features on Stellar. So contract explorer. We're Stellar. So contract explorer. We're. Stellar. So contract explorer. We're going to take a look at blend pool going to take a look at blend pool. Going to take a look at blend pool contract and kale contract by Tyler and contract and kale contract by Tyler and. Contract and kale contract by Tyler and sort of like kind of go through like the sort of like kind of go through like the. Sort of like kind of go through like the each feature that we built. And the each feature that we built. And the. Each feature that we built. And the second of the presentation will be live second of the presentation will be live. Second of the presentation will be live demo which I might break something. I demo which I might break something. I. Demo which I might break something. I actually did break something back in actually did break something back in. Actually did break something back in December. So who knows it might happen December. So who knows it might happen. December. So who knows it might happen again. I hope not. I practiced but again. I hope not. I practiced but . Again. I hope not. I practiced but yeah I feel like in the world of AI yeah I feel like in the world of AI. Yeah I feel like in the world of AI actually breaking things is now like in actually breaking things is now like in. Actually breaking things is now like in I think. so okay let's go to the lab I think. so okay let's go to the lab. I think. so okay let's go to the lab the our public lab. The our public lab. The our public lab. I should have removed this bar but I should have removed this bar but I should have removed this bar but. Okay whatever. so to use smart okay whatever. so to use smart okay whatever. so to use smart. Contract features we have to make sure contract features we have to make sure contract features we have to make sure. That our RPC URL is ready and I do have that our RPC URL is ready and I do have that our RPC URL is ready and I do have. That which is provided by overcat that which is provided by overcat that which is provided by overcat. Mainet.surbanpc.com. So thank you mainet.surbanpc.com. So thank you mainet.surbanpc.com. So thank you. Overkat for working on that. so this Overkat for working on that. so this Overkat for working on that. so this. Is is is the new feature that we built. our the new feature that we built. our. The new feature that we built. our team member IA built this. so big team member IA built this. so big. Team member IA built this. so big shout out to Ietta. so I'm going to shout out to Ietta. so I'm going to. Shout out to Ietta. so I'm going to copy this contract and bring it copy this contract and bring it. Copy this contract and bring it here and this is going to give me all here and this is going to give me all. Here and this is going to give me all the information about blimppool contract the information about blimppool contract. The information about blimppool contract and this is we getting API for this from. And this is we getting API for this from and this is we getting API for this from. Stellar the expert as you can see I have Stellar the expert as you can see I have. Stellar the expert as you can see I have like power by Stellar expert here. so. Like power by Stellar expert here. so like power by Stellar expert here. so. Here we have it shows source code of here we have it shows source code of here we have it shows source code of. Blend which is how we verify that this blend which is how we verify that this blend which is how we verify that this. Build is you know verified. so on build is you know verified. so on build is you know verified. so on. Stellar unlike other some smart contract Stellar unlike other some smart contract. Stellar unlike other some smart contract platforms we don't store source code on platforms we don't store source code on. Platforms we don't store source code on Stellar. So what we do here is we are Stellar. So what we do here is we are. Stellar. So what we do here is we are checking GitHub action and making sure checking GitHub action and making sure. Checking GitHub action and making sure that the commit that this GitHub action that the commit that this GitHub action. That the commit that this GitHub action ran match the source code and that's how ran match the source code and that's how. Ran match the source code and that's how we verify the contract here we verify the contract here. We verify the contract here and we have about 10,000 entries here. And we have about 10,000 entries here. And we have about 10,000 entries here. So it's it might take some time to load So it's it might take some time to load So it's it might take some time to load. This but this will show you all the this but this will show you all the this but this will show you all the. Storage that are available on this storage that are available on this storage that are available on this. Contract. Contract. Contract. Might take some might take some might take some time but yeah it like shows up here and. Time but yeah it like shows up here and time but yeah it like shows up here and this will be really useful when you have. This will be really useful when you have this will be really useful when you have. To extend TTL or restore footprint for to extend TTL or restore footprint for to extend TTL or restore footprint for. Contract storage. I will walk you contract storage. I will walk you contract storage. I will walk you. Through this later in the demo but yeah through this later in the demo but yeah through this later in the demo but yeah. We have a way to export this in we have a way to export this in we have a way to export this in. CSV. So we go here it will show you all CSV. So we go here it will show you all CSV. So we go here it will show you all. The XDR that we have. , and like I the XDR that we have. , and like I the XDR that we have. , and like I. Said, I'll walk you through what we can said, I'll walk you through what we can said, I'll walk you through what we can. Do with do with this later. , I'm just do with do with this later. , I'm just. Do with do with this later. , I'm just going to close this for now. And source going to close this for now. And source. Going to close this for now. And source code is coming up. , contract spec is code is coming up. , contract spec is. Code is coming up. , contract spec is kind of like this is like our way of our kind of like this is like our way of our. Kind of like this is like our way of our version of Ethereum's AI. , it shows version of Ethereum's AI. , it shows. Version of Ethereum's AI. , it shows you the data types that this contract you the data types that this contract. You the data types that this contract has and then functions that this has and then functions that this. Has and then functions that this contract has. And later demo I'm going contract has. And later demo I'm going. Contract has. And later demo I'm going to show you what we can do with this to show you what we can do with this. To show you what we can do with this contract spec to build some of the contract spec to build some of the. Contract spec to build some of the functionalities on the UI side and functionalities on the UI side and. Functionalities on the UI side and binding is coming up as binding is coming up as. Binding is coming up as well. So let's look at Kale. so well. So let's look at Kale. so. Well. So let's look at Kale. so Kale's going to be a little different. I Kale's going to be a little different. I. Kale's going to be a little different. I don't think it has verified yet, but it don't think it has verified yet, but it. Don't think it has verified yet, but it will show will show will show us how big their entry or their contract. Us how big their entry or their contract us how big their entry or their contract. Storage is. is like almost like 3 storage is. is like almost like 3 storage is. is like almost like 3. Million I think. so it might take million I think. so it might take million I think. so it might take. Some time to load but I just wanted to some time to load but I just wanted to some time to load but I just wanted to. Show you guys. it shows us all the show you guys. it shows us all the show you guys. it shows us all the. Version history and I'm not going to version history and I'm not going to version history and I'm not going to. Okay, I'll click contract storage. It Okay, I'll click contract storage. It Okay, I'll click contract storage. It. Has three million entries which is has three million entries which is has three million entries which is. Wild. but yeah, it wild. but yeah, it wild. but yeah, it shows all the information that we the. Shows all the information that we the shows all the information that we the users want to know about the contract on. Users want to know about the contract on users want to know about the contract on. The lab which is great. Yeah, failed to the lab which is great. Yeah, failed to the lab which is great. Yeah, failed to. Fetch. we'll show that later. it fetch. we'll show that later. it fetch. we'll show that later. it. Worked earlier. , it might be too big. Worked earlier. , it might be too big. Worked earlier. , it might be too big. , yeah. So, like here has all the , yeah. So, like here has all the , yeah. So, like here has all the. Functions and data types. , we can functions and data types. , we can functions and data types. , we can. Also do XDR if you want. You can copy. Also do XDR if you want. You can copy. Also do XDR if you want. You can copy. You can also download the WASM. So, You can also download the WASM. So, You can also download the WASM. So,. Let's say you're building a contract to let's say you're building a contract to let's say you're building a contract to. Also want to interact with other also want to interact with other also want to interact with other. Contracts. You can download the WASOM contracts. You can download the WASOM contracts. You can download the WASOM. And deploy within your contract. And we and deploy within your contract. And we and deploy within your contract. And we. Also have smart contract also have smart contract also have smart contract list which shows us all the smart. List which shows us all the smart list which shows us all the smart contracts that are built. so at the. Contracts that are built. so at the contracts that are built. so at the moment everything is being rendered by. Moment everything is being rendered by moment everything is being rendered by front end. So what we are going to do to. Front end. So what we are going to do to front end. So what we are going to do to. Make make make this load much faster we are going to this load much faster we are going to. This load much faster we are going to work on implementing back end so that it work on implementing back end so that it. Work on implementing back end so that it will be more efficient and faster. . Will be more efficient and faster. will be more efficient and faster. . But yeah, give it some but yeah, give it some but yeah, give it some  time or I can also. Time or I can also refresh. Should I refresh? Let me refresh. Okay. Yes. refresh? Let me refresh. Okay. Yes. . So yeah, all the smart contracts are happening. I can just click on it and happening. I can just click on it and. Then we can just load it right away and then we can just load it right away and then we can just load it right away and. Check out what's going on. So yeah, so check out what's going on. So yeah, so check out what's going on. So yeah, so. That that that was the overview of smart contract was the overview of smart contract. Was the overview of smart contract features on Stellar. So what I'm going features on Stellar. So what I'm going. Features on Stellar. So what I'm going to do next is kind of go through the to do next is kind of go through the. To do next is kind of go through the live demo or like live coding or like live demo or like live coding or like. Live demo or like live coding or like building the contract and see how a building the contract and see how a. Building the contract and see how a developer can really utilize the lab to developer can really utilize the lab to. Developer can really utilize the lab to make their workflow much better. So I'm make their workflow much better. So I'm. Make their workflow much better. So I'm going to build a contract on testn net. Going to build a contract on testn net. Going to build a contract on testn net. open zapland open zapland open zapland recently launched step 41 token. Recently launched step 41 token recently launched step 41 token standards here. . Standards here. standards here. so look at all this beautiful token. so look at all this beautiful token. . So look at all this beautiful token. and I'm going to use James's tutorial to and I'm going to use James's tutorial to. And I'm going to use James's tutorial to build like sample contract really fast. Build like sample contract really fast. Build like sample contract really fast. so James is actually using open so James is actually using open so James is actually using open. Zeppelin's mintable standard to get the zeppelin's mintable standard to get the zeppelin's mintable standard to get the. Contract working. So I already did contract working. So I already did contract working. So I already did . Let me duplicate it. So I already built let me duplicate it. So I already built let me duplicate it. So I already built. Cloned his repo and did the first five cloned his repo and did the first five cloned his repo and did the first five. Steps. So all I have to do is start steps. So all I have to do is start steps. So all I have to do is start. Contract contract contract deploy. So let's go to my let me just go deploy. So let's go to my let me just go. Deploy. So let's go to my let me just go like this. So Stellar keys like this. So Stellar keys. Like this. So Stellar keys JSON JSON JSON Stellar keys Stellar key Stellar keys Stellar key. Stellar keys Stellar key ls there's address JSON I need to do my ls there's address JSON I need to do my. Ls there's address JSON I need to do my address okay so I'm going to address okay so I'm going to. Address okay so I'm going to do is the source who is responsible for do is the source who is responsible for. Do is the source who is responsible for all the transaction and anything related all the transaction and anything related. All the transaction and anything related to this contract is going to be me JSON to this contract is going to be me JSON. To this contract is going to be me JSON and just to make this work easy. I'm I'm and just to make this work easy. I'm I'm. And just to make this work easy. I'm I'm going to make the owner of this token going to make the owner of this token. Going to make the owner of this token contract my address and I'm gonna do I'm contract my address and I'm gonna do I'm. Contract my address and I'm gonna do I'm gonna limit my token at 10,000 and let's. Gonna limit my token at 10,000 and let's gonna limit my token at 10,000 and let's. Deploy this. I hope you deploy this. I hope you deploy this. I hope you work. Yes, it better. Work signing work signing    transaction. Okay, cool. So, that one is. Transaction. Okay, cool. So, that one is transaction. Okay, cool. So, that one is. Deployed. So this is our contract and I deployed. So this is our contract and I deployed. So this is our contract and I. Think what I want to show think what I want to show think what I want to show you. You you is our upcoming feature which is invoke is our upcoming feature which is invoke. Is our upcoming feature which is invoke contract. So the way we invoke contract contract. So the way we invoke contract. Contract. So the way we invoke contract on the CLI is like this which I kind of on the CLI is like this which I kind of. On the CLI is like this which I kind of find it a little difficult or it's not find it a little difficult or it's not. Find it a little difficult or it's not very intuitive. I love our CLI so don't very intuitive. I love our CLI so don't. Very intuitive. I love our CLI so don't get me wrong. Get me wrong. Get me wrong. and it would be sources and it would be sources and it would be sources JSON. And let me actually show you. JSON. And let me actually show you JSON. And let me actually show you another feature of the lab which is. Another feature of the lab which is another feature of the lab which is a creating key pairs which is super. A creating key pairs which is super a creating key pairs which is super useful. because I'm going to account. Useful. because I'm going to account useful. because I'm going to account generate account and I'm going to fund. Generate account and I'm going to fund generate account and I'm going to fund this account with. Fbot. And you know when you like develop fbot. And you know when you like develop. On any contracts it can be really on any contracts it can be really on any contracts it can be really. Confusing with like all these public confusing with like all these public confusing with like all these public. Keys. So I'm going to save this key pair keys. So I'm going to save this key pair. Keys. So I'm going to save this key pair and it's going to be testnet open and it's going to be testnet open. And it's going to be testnet open zepp zepp zepp invoke account invoke account invoke account. And going to save key pairs and I'm and going to save key pairs and I'm and going to save key pairs and I'm. Going to copy going to copy going to copy this go to my CLI and I'm going to mint. This go to my CLI and I'm going to mint this go to my CLI and I'm going to mint th00and tokens to this. Account. Account. Amazing. Yep. Amazing. Yep. Amazing. Yep. Successful. Great. So, if I go to Successful. Great. So, if I go to Successful. Great. So, if I go to. this contract on Stellar expert, we'll see two data entries. Yep, expert, we'll see two data entries. Yep,. GB. I just did that. what I'm going GB. I just did that. what I'm going GB. I just did that. what I'm going. To show you next is our upcoming to show you next is our upcoming to show you next is our upcoming. Feature, which is doing invoke feature, which is doing invoke feature, which is doing invoke. Contract on the lab. So, I've been contract on the lab. So, I've been contract on the lab. So, I've been. Working on this. It's been taking quite working on this. It's been taking quite working on this. It's been taking quite. Some time, but I am going to walk you some time, but I am going to walk you some time, but I am going to walk you. Through. First of all, I need through. First of all, I need through. First of all, I need. My my my keys address keys address keys address Jason, which is this. I need this. I'm. Jason, which is this. I need this. I'm Jason, which is this. I need this. I'm on testnet. Patch this. I think I will. On testnet. Patch this. I think I will on testnet. Patch this. I think I will need my private to sign later. No. Was. Need my private to sign later. No. Was need my private to sign later. No. Was it styler case show? Okay. I need this. It styler case show? Okay. I need this it styler case show? Okay. I need this later to sign it. So what I'm going to. Later to sign it. So what I'm going to later to sign it. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to invoke not payment. Do is I'm going to invoke not payment do is I'm going to invoke not payment invoke contract and our contract was. Invoke contract and our contract was invoke contract and our contract was this this. This one. Go to one. Go to one. Go to this and I am able to fetch all these this and I am able to fetch all these. This and I am able to fetch all these methods from contract spec that I showed methods from contract spec that I showed. Methods from contract spec that I showed you earlier. So I'm going to do you earlier. So I'm going to do . You earlier. So I'm going to do mint and let me reuse the account that I mint and let me reuse the account that I. Mint and let me reuse the account that I did here. I'm going to mint some more on. Did here. I'm going to mint some more on did here. I'm going to mint some more on. That account. I'm going to do prepare that account. I'm going to do prepare that account. I'm going to do prepare. Transaction which gives me this XDR. And transaction which gives me this XDR. And. Transaction which gives me this XDR. And if you go to XDR view, it's going to if you go to XDR view, it's going to. If you go to XDR view, it's going to tell me that contract address is this. Tell me that contract address is this. Tell me that contract address is this. I'm calling function mint and this is I'm calling function mint and this is I'm calling function mint and this is. The destination address and all the the destination address and all the the destination address and all the. Informations about what this TX is about informations about what this TX is about. Informations about what this TX is about to do. So good. I like this. It looks to do. So good. I like this. It looks. To do. So good. I like this. It looks great. , it also tells you the great. , it also tells you the. Great. , it also tells you the resource fee. All right. I'm just going resource fee. All right. I'm just going. Resource fee. All right. I'm just going to go ahead going to sign it and I'm to go ahead going to sign it and I'm. To go ahead going to sign it and I'm going to sign it with this. , don't going to sign it with this. , don't. Going to sign it with this. , don't ever do this. Don't ever show your ever do this. Don't ever show your. Ever do this. Don't ever show your secret key. I'm just doing this because secret key. I'm just doing this because. Secret key. I'm just doing this because it's a demo and it's test net. So, I'm it's a demo and it's test net. So, I'm. It's a demo and it's test net. So, I'm going to sign my transaction sign. I'm going to sign my transaction sign. I'm. Going to sign my transaction sign. I'm going to submit and transaction going to submit and transaction. Going to submit and transaction submitter. Submitter. Submitter. And same thing that we saw earlier. And same thing that we saw earlier. And same thing that we saw earlier. Looks good. Let's hope this Looks good. Let's hope this Looks good. Let's hope this. Works. And yes, it worked. Okay, so we works. And yes, it worked. Okay, so we works. And yes, it worked. Okay, so we. Have all these envelope XDR fee. , I have all these envelope XDR fee. , I have all these envelope XDR fee. , I. Can go to view installer expert and it can go to view installer expert and it can go to view installer expert and it. Showed me that this transaction did showed me that this transaction did showed me that this transaction did. Indeed work. And if I go to this indeed work. And if I go to this indeed work. And if I go to this. Contract, it shows that mint did happen contract, it shows that mint did happen contract, it shows that mint did happen. And this all happened from the Stellar and this all happened from the Stellar and this all happened from the Stellar. Lab. Lab. Lab. And so yes, that worked. , one last And so yes, that worked. , one last And so yes, that worked. , one last. Thing I want to show you is our , thing I want to show you is our , thing I want to show you is our ,. Popular popular popular stay wait. , so we have a way to stay wait. , so we have a way to. Stay wait. , so we have a way to restore and extend TTL for contract restore and extend TTL for contract. Restore and extend TTL for contract storage and I'm going to show you how to storage and I'm going to show you how to. Storage and I'm going to show you how to do that. So let's go back to our do that. So let's go back to our. Do that. So let's go back to our contract which was this. And what you contract which was this. And what you. Contract which was this. And what you can do is that you can go to lab smart can do is that you can go to lab smart. Can do is that you can go to lab smart contract. This feature is live. I'm contract. This feature is live. I'm. Contract. This feature is live. I'm going to load this contract and in this going to load this contract and in this. Going to load this contract and in this contract storage we have this balance contract storage we have this balance. Contract storage we have this balance and let's say this balance is like and let's say this balance is like. And let's say this balance is like expired. in that case I can download expired. in that case I can download. Expired. in that case I can download this go to the my CSV file and it will this go to the my CSV file and it will. This go to the my CSV file and it will show me that there is a key instance is show me that there is a key instance is. Show me that there is a key instance is a contract entire contract instance and a contract entire contract instance and. A contract entire contract instance and I need this is the contract storage I need this is the contract storage . I need this is the contract storage contract storage key that I want to contract storage key that I want to. Contract storage key that I want to extend or restore. Then I just copy this extend or restore. Then I just copy this. Extend or restore. Then I just copy this and let's check view XDR and see what and let's check view XDR and see what. And let's check view XDR and see what that contract storage key is about. That contract storage key is about. That contract storage key is about. If it's smart contract value and it if it's smart contract value and it if it's smart contract value and it. Tells me that this is the balance and tells me that this is the balance and tells me that this is the balance and. Address this and let's say I want to address this and let's say I want to address this and let's say I want to. extend footprint for that one and I extend footprint for that one and I extend footprint for that one and I. Think I have to go to my and and contract get this and get the SC contract get this and get the SC. Contract get this and get the SC valve right here. I'm just going to do valve right here. I'm just going to do. Valve right here. I'm just going to do testing 200 sequence ledger and resource testing 200 sequence ledger and resource. Testing 200 sequence ledger and resource fee and I have this button called fetch fee and I have this button called fetch. Fee and I have this button called fetch minimum resource fee for from RPC. This minimum resource fee for from RPC. This. Minimum resource fee for from RPC. This does all the simulating and everything does all the simulating and everything. Does all the simulating and everything for you. And you go sign in transaction for you. And you go sign in transaction. For you. And you go sign in transaction and I think secret and I think secret and I think secret. Key is this key is this key is this one. And we can submit the submit the transaction. And yep, we were able to. Transaction. And yep, we were able to transaction. And yep, we were able to extend our TTL for the contract. Extend our TTL for the contract extend our TTL for the contract storage. So yeah, GBTL extended logistic. Storage. So yeah, GBTL extended logistic storage. So yeah, GBTL extended logistic. Expression to sequence 200. Expression to sequence 200. Expression to sequence 200. , so that's the demo that I have. , , so that's the demo that I have. , , so that's the demo that I have. ,. You probably won't ever use extent you probably won't ever use extent you probably won't ever use extent. Because I think that should take care of because I think that should take care of. Because I think that should take care of that and kind of same thing with restore. That and kind of same thing with restore that and kind of same thing with restore. Footprint once protocol 23 comes. But footprint once protocol 23 comes. But footprint once protocol 23 comes. But. But you know the lab can support it. So but you know the lab can support it. So but you know the lab can support it. So. If you ever need it, just come to the if you ever need it, just come to the if you ever need it, just come to the. Lab. And that's the demo for today. Lab. And that's the demo for today. Lab. And that's the demo for today. Thank you. Great. Thank you. It was super Great. Thank you. It was super interesting to see all these new. Interesting to see all these new interesting to see all these new additions. And now I would like to. Additions. And now I would like to additions. And now I would like to invite Jane to the stage here who. Invite Jane to the stage here who invite Jane to the stage here who will give an update on one of the SCPs. Will give an update on one of the SCPs. Will give an update on one of the SCPs. All righty. Thanks for having me. So All righty. Thanks for having me. So All righty. Thanks for having me. So. Today I'd like to talk about upgradable today I'd like to talk about upgradable today I'd like to talk about upgradable. Sub which is a sub that defines how sub which is a sub that defines how sub which is a sub that defines how. Smart contracts can upgradeable up smart contracts can upgradeable up smart contracts can upgradeable up. Upgraded themselves and is contributed upgraded themselves and is contributed upgraded themselves and is contributed. By OpenZeppelin. They've been doing a by OpenZeppelin. They've been doing a by OpenZeppelin. They've been doing a. Lot of great work for us shipping lot of great work for us shipping lot of great work for us shipping. Funible token and also now NFT and funible token and also now NFT and funible token and also now NFT and. Upgradability and this is really a call upgradability and this is really a call upgradability and this is really a call. For the community to look at this app for the community to look at this app for the community to look at this app. And also look at the smart contract code and also look at the smart contract code. And also look at the smart contract code that they're shipping for us and add that they're shipping for us and add. That they're shipping for us and add your comments. So as you know the your comments. So as you know the. Your comments. So as you know the contracts on Stellar are mutable by contracts on Stellar are mutable by. Contracts on Stellar are mutable by default and the mutability in Stellar default and the mutability in Stellar. Default and the mutability in Stellar ecosystem means a contract can modify ecosystem means a contract can modify. Ecosystem means a contract can modify the wasome by code thereby altering its the wasome by code thereby altering its. The wasome by code thereby altering its interface execution logic metadata. So interface execution logic metadata. So. Interface execution logic metadata. So there are also cases where you want the there are also cases where you want the. There are also cases where you want the contract to be immutable because it contract to be immutable because it. Contract to be immutable because it guarantees the trustless execution and guarantees the trustless execution and. Guarantees the trustless execution and application of the contract logic. So if application of the contract logic. So if. Application of the contract logic. So if you think about blend that is a you think about blend that is a. You think about blend that is a immutable contract but typically in a immutable contract but typically in a. Immutable contract but typically in a more common case as you know defy more common case as you know defy. More common case as you know defy protocols or if you're building a game protocols or if you're building a game. Protocols or if you're building a game if you think about over time you might if you think about over time you might. If you think about over time you might want to add more features want to add more features. Want to add more features functionalities to what you're building functionalities to what you're building. Functionalities to what you're building you probably would want contract up you probably would want contract up. You probably would want contract up upgradability. So in order to do that upgradability. So in order to do that . Upgradability. So in order to do that we were working with OpenZeppelin and we were working with OpenZeppelin and. We were working with OpenZeppelin and we published the sap and Carson could we published the sap and Carson could. We published the sap and Carson could you share the set please? Yeah I just . You share the set please? Yeah I just you share the set please? Yeah I just . Shared it. Thank you. So it creates a shared it. Thank you. So it creates a shared it. Thank you. So it creates a. Standard to define how smart contract standard to define how smart contract standard to define how smart contract. Should upgrade their was and by code and should upgrade their was and by code and. Should upgrade their was and by code and also talks about some of the caveats you. Also talks about some of the caveats you also talks about some of the caveats you. Should think about while you're should think about while you're should think about while you're. Upgrading such as a new contract upgrading such as a new contract upgrading such as a new contract. Shouldn't have a a constructor because shouldn't have a a constructor because shouldn't have a a constructor because. That constructor is never getting that constructor is never getting that constructor is never getting. Invoked or if your existing contract is invoked or if your existing contract is invoked or if your existing contract is. Upgradable. You should be careful not to upgradable. You should be careful not to. Upgradable. You should be careful not to upgrade to a contract that no longer has. Upgrade to a contract that no longer has upgrade to a contract that no longer has. Upgradability. So you're stuck there. Upgradability. So you're stuck there. Upgradability. So you're stuck there. Sorry users and you should check for sorry users and you should check for sorry users and you should check for. Storage consistencies making sure that storage consistencies making sure that storage consistencies making sure that. The the new contract does not introduce the the new contract does not introduce the the new contract does not introduce. Any storage mismatch and also one more any storage mismatch and also one more any storage mismatch and also one more. Thing we actually describe in the step thing we actually describe in the step thing we actually describe in the step. Is to add a metadata that describes the is to add a metadata that describes the is to add a metadata that describes the. the current sim. So essentially a new the current sim. So essentially a new. the current sim. So essentially a new key value pair called BIMver and the key value pair called BIMver and the. Key value pair called BIMver and the value follows a singver standard major value follows a singver standard major. Value follows a singver standard major minor patch and that would describe to minor patch and that would describe to. Minor patch and that would describe to the world of your contract and its the world of your contract and its. The world of your contract and its upgradeable path over time and there is upgradeable path over time and there is. Upgradeable path over time and there is a simple code in the sub which you can a simple code in the sub which you can. A simple code in the sub which you can see if we go down to that section see if we go down to that section. See if we go down to that section and it will basically define a public and it will basically define a public. and it will basically define a public function upgradeable and get the owner's. Function upgradeable and get the owner's function upgradeable and get the owner's. Address require o and bas then call the address require o and bas then call the address require o and bas then call the. Up the updated current contract wasome up the updated current contract wasome up the updated current contract wasome. And put in the new wasome hash. So that and put in the new wasome hash. So that and put in the new wasome hash. So that. Is basically the SE and then if we go to is basically the SE and then if we go to. Is basically the SE and then if we go to the open the open the OpenZeppelin s source code at github.com. Zeppelin s source code at github.com zeppelin s source code at github.com OpenZeppelin contract. OpenZeppelin contract OpenZeppelin contract utils utils utils here you can see that there is. Here you can see that there is here you can see that there is upgradable macros and this will make it. Upgradable macros and this will make it upgradable macros and this will make it so that you can easily add this macros. So that you can easily add this macros so that you can easily add this macros to your contract And eventually it's. To your contract And eventually it's to your contract And eventually it's going to be integrated into the open 7. Going to be integrated into the open 7 going to be integrated into the open 7 wizard. , and you can decide if you. Wizard. , and you can decide if you wizard. , and you can decide if you want your contract to be upgradable and. Want your contract to be upgradable and want your contract to be upgradable and use these m macros. So this app is . Use these m macros. So this app is use these m macros. So this app is basically out there and we'd love to get. Basically out there and we'd love to get basically out there and we'd love to get. Your feedback. Please comment and your feedback. Please comment and your feedback. Please comment and. Provide us feedback and hopefully we'll provide us feedback and hopefully we'll provide us feedback and hopefully we'll. Get these audited and merged very soon. Get these audited and merged very soon. Get these audited and merged very soon. Great. Thank you for the for the Great. Thank you for the for the Great. Thank you for the for the. Introduction and and yeah everyone introduction and and yeah everyone introduction and and yeah everyone. Please go to please go to the the the please go to please go to the the the please go to please go to the the the. Pull request and if you have any pull request and if you have any pull request and if you have any. Comments any questions any concerns comments any questions any concerns comments any questions any concerns. Please please write a comment and please please write a comment and please please write a comment and . Yeah we'll address it. I think that was yeah we'll address it. I think that was yeah we'll address it. I think that was. It for today. I think this this was it for today. I think this this was. It for today. I think this this was this was really interesting both getting. This was really interesting both getting this was really interesting both getting. An update on on Stellar Lab, but also an update on on Stellar Lab, but also an update on on Stellar Lab, but also. Getting an a view into one of the the getting an a view into one of the the getting an a view into one of the the. SAPs that are that are coming up and and SAPs that are that are coming up and and. SAPs that are that are coming up and and really encouraging everyone to to to really encouraging everyone to to to. Really encouraging everyone to to to take a look at it and provide any take a look at it and provide any. Take a look at it and provide any feedback you have. That's it. That's all feedback you have. That's it. That's all. Feedback you have. That's it. That's all we had for today. thank you everyone we had for today. thank you everyone. We had for today. thank you everyone for joining. We'll be back again next for joining. We'll be back again next. For joining. We'll be back again next Thursday. Thank you. Take care. Bye.
