[Music] [Music] foreign hello everyone hello everyone [Music] [Music] [Music] Paul can hear me. Paul can hear me Paul can hear me I can hear you yeah can you hear I can hear you yeah can you hear. I can hear you yeah can you hear jittery is it okay let's see what about my is it okay let's see what about my. Volume is it good enough volume is it good enough volume is it good enough yeah you're all good. Thank you thank you [Music] actually actually get out of the camera hi hi hi everyone. Get out of the camera hi hi hi everyone get out of the camera hi hi hi everyone we are getting started how is everyone. We are getting started how is everyone we are getting started how is everyone doing today. Doing today doing today all right give us a minute here as we all right give us a minute here as we. All right give us a minute here as we get set up for our sorbonne developer get set up for our sorbonne developer. Get set up for our sorbonne developer Workshop we are writing our first smart Workshop we are writing our first smart. Workshop we are writing our first smart contract on sorbonne and we have Morgan contract on sorbonne and we have Morgan. Contract on sorbonne and we have Morgan and Paul joining us on stream here today and Paul joining us on stream here today. And Paul joining us on stream here today to do this Workshop hey Morgan hey Paul to do this Workshop hey Morgan hey Paul. To do this Workshop hey Morgan hey Paul how are you all doing how are you all doing. How are you all doing hey everyone doing good hey everyone doing good hey everyone doing good. Yeah going good here how are you new yeah going good here how are you new yeah going good here how are you new. Here I'm doing well I am in the SDF here I'm doing well I am in the SDF here I'm doing well I am in the SDF. Office office office um it's been so exciting the devrel team um it's been so exciting the devrel team. Um it's been so exciting the devrel team has been expanding and we're onboarding has been expanding and we're onboarding. Has been expanding and we're onboarding so many new um developers and it's it's so many new um developers and it's it's. So many new um developers and it's it's been exciting sorbond's really changing been exciting sorbond's really changing. Been exciting sorbond's really changing and we're innovating and I can't wait to and we're innovating and I can't wait to. And we're innovating and I can't wait to see what more is going to come out of see what more is going to come out of. See what more is going to come out of this this this but all right oh you were at Paris. But all right oh you were at Paris but all right oh you were at Paris blockchain week right Morgan so what is. Blockchain week right Morgan so what is blockchain week right Morgan so what is this that's true. I yes I yes here I feel like this is this is what here I feel like this is this is what. Here I feel like this is this is what the SDF office looks like everyone the SDF office looks like everyone. The SDF office looks like everyone anyone yes I think we should do like a live yes I think we should do like a live. Stream tour of um sdf's uh California SF stream tour of um sdf's uh California SF. Stream tour of um sdf's uh California SF headquarters I think that would make a headquarters I think that would make a. Headquarters I think that would make a fun stream fun stream fun stream everybody's work and uh see what they're. Everybody's work and uh see what they're everybody's work and uh see what they're. Doing just like pop around and doing just like pop around and doing just like pop around and. Interact with people interact with people interact with people I'd love to hear that what's with them. With the Media Kit in the background with the Media Kit in the background uh yeah we'll find out with yeah I know. Uh yeah we'll find out with yeah I know uh yeah we'll find out with yeah I know but so many comments here cool cool. But so many comments here cool cool but so many comments here cool cool single monitors only yeah y'all we have. Single monitors only yeah y'all we have single monitors only yeah y'all we have only single monitors around in office. Only single monitors around in office only single monitors around in office I will let them know we need curved. I will let them know we need curved I will let them know we need curved monitors we need all that cool Tech. Monitors we need all that cool Tech monitors we need all that cool Tech but yeah all right without further Ado. But yeah all right without further Ado but yeah all right without further Ado Paul Morgan I will let you all kick off. Paul Morgan I will let you all kick off Paul Morgan I will let you all kick off um about this workshop and talk about. Um about this workshop and talk about um about this workshop and talk about what you presented at Paris blockchain. What you presented at Paris blockchain what you presented at Paris blockchain week and I'll let you start off Paul. Cool yeah cool yeah um I think I'm presenting here how do I um I think I'm presenting here how do I. Um I think I'm presenting here how do I make that happen on the screen make that happen on the screen. Make that happen on the screen there we go yeah cool that looked like there we go yeah cool that looked like. There we go yeah cool that looked like it a second ago it a second ago it a second ago. Yeah that's the one cool yeah that's the one cool yeah that's the one cool um yeah welcome everybody uh good. Um yeah welcome everybody uh good um yeah welcome everybody uh good morning good evening good night uh. Morning good evening good night uh morning good evening good night uh wherever you happen to be welcome to uh. Wherever you happen to be welcome to uh wherever you happen to be welcome to uh live stream I'm writing your first smart. Live stream I'm writing your first smart live stream I'm writing your first smart. Contract on sorbom contract on sorbom contract on sorbom uh here's what we're gonna be going. Uh here's what we're gonna be going uh here's what we're gonna be going through today. Through today through today um so first off we'll do a bit of an um so first off we'll do a bit of an. Um so first off we'll do a bit of an intro uh we'll talk a bit about what is intro uh we'll talk a bit about what is. Intro uh we'll talk a bit about what is sore bond for those that don't know sore bond for those that don't know. Sore bond for those that don't know uh we'll have a cool uh hello world demo uh we'll have a cool uh hello world demo. Uh we'll have a cool uh hello world demo from Morgan uh and we'll talk a little from Morgan uh and we'll talk a little. From Morgan uh and we'll talk a little bit about why store Bond's important why bit about why store Bond's important why. Bit about why store Bond's important why it matters why it's good why you should it matters why it's good why you should. It matters why it's good why you should build everything on it build everything on it. Build everything on it um and then we'll have a bit more uh for um and then we'll have a bit more uh for. Um and then we'll have a bit more uh for Morgan on his kind of uh journey and how. Morgan on his kind of uh journey and how Morgan on his kind of uh journey and how. He got to sorbonne and how I got he got to sorbonne and how I got he got to sorbonne and how I got. Involved with all this uh and then uh involved with all this uh and then uh involved with all this uh and then uh. Tyler will share a bit on how you can Tyler will share a bit on how you can Tyler will share a bit on how you can. Get involved get involved get involved and then I will wrap up from there and and then I will wrap up from there and. And then I will wrap up from there and we'll do some questions and stuff at the we'll do some questions and stuff at the. We'll do some questions and stuff at the end end end so uh first off who are we right uh my. So uh first off who are we right uh my so uh first off who are we right uh my name is Paul I will start there I'm a. Name is Paul I will start there I'm a name is Paul I will start there I'm a Staff engineer at the Stellar. Staff engineer at the Stellar Staff engineer at the Stellar development foundation which means I get. Development foundation which means I get development foundation which means I get. To work on sorobon every day building to work on sorobon every day building to work on sorobon every day building. And making it happen uh for all of you and making it happen uh for all of you and making it happen uh for all of you. Uh so I'm really excited to be here uh so I'm really excited to be here uh so I'm really excited to be here. Today to share some of the stuff that today to share some of the stuff that today to share some of the stuff that. I've been working on uh what is the I've been working on uh what is the I've been working on uh what is the. Stellar development foundation uh if you Stellar development foundation uh if you. Stellar development foundation uh if you don't know and you've somehow stumbled don't know and you've somehow stumbled. Don't know and you've somehow stumbled into this stream anyway uh the SDF works into this stream anyway uh the SDF works. Into this stream anyway uh the SDF works with the Stellar Community which is all with the Stellar Community which is all. With the Stellar Community which is all of you to build the Stellar Network uh the Stellar network is a fast and. Uh the Stellar network is a fast and reliable L1 blockchain with finality in reliable L1 blockchain with finality in. Reliable L1 blockchain with finality in just five seconds uh the Network's been just five seconds uh the Network's been. Just five seconds uh the Network's been live since about 2015. uh it and has live since about 2015. uh it and has. Live since about 2015. uh it and has seen sustained real world usage of 150 seen sustained real world usage of 150. Seen sustained real world usage of 150 transactions a second with literally no transactions a second with literally no. Transactions a second with literally no problem just cruising along uh which is problem just cruising along uh which is. Problem just cruising along uh which is pretty crazy to think about pretty crazy to think about. Pretty crazy to think about uh it has a Global Network of anchors uh uh it has a Global Network of anchors uh. Uh it has a Global Network of anchors uh it's what we call which are on and off it's what we call which are on and off. It's what we call which are on and off on and off ramps issuing on-chain on and off ramps issuing on-chain. On and off ramps issuing on-chain versions of assets from the real world versions of assets from the real world. Versions of assets from the real world including cash access which we'll talk including cash access which we'll talk. Including cash access which we'll talk about later and for the last year we've about later and for the last year we've. About later and for the last year we've been building something new sarban so been building something new sarban so. Been building something new sarban so what is sorbon what is sorbon what is sorbon. So sorbonne is a new add-on to the so sorbonne is a new add-on to the so sorbonne is a new add-on to the. Stellar Network traditionally the Stellar Network traditionally the Stellar Network traditionally the. Vanilla stoneware Network didn't have vanilla stoneware Network didn't have vanilla stoneware Network didn't have. Smart contracts there were there was a Smart contracts there were there was a Smart contracts there were there was a. Few L2 attempts right like turrets that few L2 attempts right like turrets that few L2 attempts right like turrets that. Some of you might know but they had some some of you might know but they had some. Some of you might know but they had some issues around that like atomicity issues around that like atomicity. Issues around that like atomicity um yeah and other things like that um yeah and other things like that. Um yeah and other things like that so we wanted to open up more so we wanted to open up more. So we wanted to open up more decentralized Innovation to the network decentralized Innovation to the network. Decentralized Innovation to the network and to open up new opportunities to the and to open up new opportunities to the. And to open up new opportunities to the underserved and unbanked populations underserved and unbanked populations. Underserved and unbanked populations that Stellar's built to serve that Stellar's built to serve. That Stellar's built to serve and I mean my big thing is payments is and I mean my big thing is payments is. And I mean my big thing is payments is such a small part of the financial world such a small part of the financial world. Such a small part of the financial world it's like an important thing to get it's like an important thing to get. It's like an important thing to get right but it's just kind of the base right but it's just kind of the base. Right but it's just kind of the base layer of what we can build here layer of what we can build here. Layer of what we can build here so we announced the project that would so we announced the project that would. So we announced the project that would come to be known as sorbon back in come to be known as sorbon back in. Come to be known as sorbon back in January of last year since then we've January of last year since then we've. January of last year since then we've shared uh eight I think iterative shared uh eight I think iterative. Shared uh eight I think iterative releases yeah I want to preview eight releases yeah I want to preview eight. Releases yeah I want to preview eight now uh onto our experimental test net now uh onto our experimental test net. Now uh onto our experimental test net known as futurenet so devs can known as futurenet so devs can. Known as futurenet so devs can experiment learn and contribute to the experiment learn and contribute to the. Experiment learn and contribute to the design discussions design discussions design discussions. We've been regularly running a program we've been regularly running a program we've been regularly running a program. Called sore bonathon uh we'll hear a bit called sore bonathon uh we'll hear a bit. Called sore bonathon uh we'll hear a bit more about that later from Tyler more about that later from Tyler. More about that later from Tyler and we regularly discuss design choices and we regularly discuss design choices. And we regularly discuss design choices and onboard new devs to the community on and onboard new devs to the community on. And onboard new devs to the community on our Discord our Discord our Discord the community interactions with all of. The community interactions with all of the community interactions with all of you lovely folks who are now in the. You lovely folks who are now in the you lovely folks who are now in the Stellar Community sorry I don't make the. Stellar Community sorry I don't make the Stellar Community sorry I don't make the. Rules but I will enforce them so you are rules but I will enforce them so you are. Rules but I will enforce them so you are going to be part of the community now going to be part of the community now. Going to be part of the community now the community interactions and the the community interactions and the. The community interactions and the public input has been really exciting to public input has been really exciting to. Public input has been really exciting to see that's been my favorite part of this. See that's been my favorite part of this see that's been my favorite part of this. Journey it's been absolutely journey it's been absolutely journey it's been absolutely. Mind-boggling mind-boggling mind-boggling um it's impacted almost everything about. Um it's impacted almost everything about um it's impacted almost everything about. Sorbonne right from naming to sorbonne right from naming to sorbonne right from naming to. Authentication how does that work to how authentication how does that work to how. Authentication how does that work to how sorbon should integrate with the sorbon should integrate with the. Sorbon should integrate with the existing vanilla Stellar Network existing vanilla Stellar Network. Existing vanilla Stellar Network and while sarban isn't tightly covered and while sarban isn't tightly covered. And while sarban isn't tightly covered coupled to Stellar specifically it is coupled to Stellar specifically it is. Coupled to Stellar specifically it is designed to work well with the network designed to work well with the network. Designed to work well with the network um so a bunch of stuff on that point um so a bunch of stuff on that point. Um so a bunch of stuff on that point it's written end to end in Rust for it's written end to end in Rust for. It's written end to end in Rust for Speed efficiency and access to the Speed efficiency and access to the. Speed efficiency and access to the ecosystem that exists there ecosystem that exists there. Ecosystem that exists there it comes with a bunch of plug and play it comes with a bunch of plug and play. It comes with a bunch of plug and play sdks for simple to complicated sdks for simple to complicated. Sdks for simple to complicated authorization models and it's built to authorization models and it's built to. Authorization models and it's built to scale right because it has to keep up scale right because it has to keep up. Scale right because it has to keep up with the rest of the existing Network it with the rest of the existing Network it. With the rest of the existing Network it can't slow down the network can't slow down the network. Can't slow down the network but the thing I'm probably most but the thing I'm probably most. But the thing I'm probably most excited about in store Bond and looking excited about in store Bond and looking. Excited about in store Bond and looking forward to seeing is how it's empowering forward to seeing is how it's empowering. Forward to seeing is how it's empowering all of you in the community now that you. All of you in the community now that you all of you in the community now that you. Can build on Stellar completely can build on Stellar completely can build on Stellar completely. Unchained hey I'm sorry I'm sorry Unchained hey I'm sorry I'm sorry Unchained hey I'm sorry I'm sorry. If I didn't make that joke Tyler said if I didn't make that joke Tyler said if I didn't make that joke Tyler said. He'd fire me so it had to happen he'd fire me so it had to happen he'd fire me so it had to happen. Right uh at this point I'd like to right uh at this point I'd like to right uh at this point I'd like to. Introduce Morgan uh he's a founder of introduce Morgan uh he's a founder of introduce Morgan uh he's a founder of. Useorbonda app he's a Community member useorbonda app he's a Community member useorbonda app he's a Community member. Who's been building some incredible who's been building some incredible who's been building some incredible. Stuff to help onboard other devs to stuff to help onboard other devs to stuff to help onboard other devs to. Sorbon and he's going to show us a bit sorbon and he's going to show us a bit sorbon and he's going to show us a bit. About what he's been working on about what he's been working on about what he's been working on. [Music] [Music] [Music] hello everyone I'm gonna start buying hello everyone I'm gonna start buying. Hello everyone I'm gonna start buying sharing my screen should have done this earlier. Should have done this earlier all right so here's um here's a thing all right so here's um here's a thing. All right so here's um here's a thing that every developer that every developer that every developer. Starts their programming Journeys with starts their programming Journeys with starts their programming Journeys with. We all like to say hello and we all like we all like to say hello and we all like. We all like to say hello and we all like to say hello to the world as the very to say hello to the world as the very. To say hello to the world as the very first thing that we do first thing that we do. First thing that we do in our programs in our programs in our programs and and and. Um you know um you know um you know almost everyone starts their Journey almost everyone starts their Journey. Almost everyone starts their Journey that way that way that way um um um and in fact the time it takes for. And in fact the time it takes for and in fact the time it takes for someone to say hello world in a specific. Someone to say hello world in a specific someone to say hello world in a specific. Programming environment programming environment programming environment maybe the determining Factor if they're. Maybe the determining Factor if they're maybe the determining Factor if they're going to continue their Journey. Going to continue their Journey going to continue their Journey um in that platform or not so I. Um in that platform or not so I um in that platform or not so I definitely want you guys to stick around. Definitely want you guys to stick around definitely want you guys to stick around. For the rest of the presentation the for the rest of the presentation the for the rest of the presentation the. Rest of the talk rest of the talk rest of the talk um so I'll just get started with the. Um so I'll just get started with the um so I'll just get started with the hello world part. Hello world part hello world part [Music] [Music] [Music] all right so what do we have here. All right so what do we have here all right so what do we have here um as Paul mentioned. Um as Paul mentioned um as Paul mentioned I am the founder of usurubond.app which. I am the founder of usurubond.app which I am the founder of usurubond.app which is this tool that you see right here. Is this tool that you see right here is this tool that you see right here um it is. Um it is um it is a developer playground for saurabhan a developer playground for saurabhan. A developer playground for saurabhan smart contracts now what do we see on smart contracts now what do we see on. Smart contracts now what do we see on screen exactly uh well I'm logged in screen exactly uh well I'm logged in. Screen exactly uh well I'm logged in um so um so um so um I have access to the Gated Alpha here. Um I have access to the Gated Alpha here um I have access to the Gated Alpha here. And I have the ability to create a new and I have the ability to create a new and I have the ability to create a new. Project so let's go ahead and do that project so let's go ahead and do that project so let's go ahead and do that. New project pops up and let's go ahead new project pops up and let's go ahead new project pops up and let's go ahead. And delete everything because we're and delete everything because we're and delete everything because we're. Going to start from scratch going to start from scratch going to start from scratch. What's this environment all about well what's this environment all about well what's this environment all about well. First we have a code Editor to the left first we have a code Editor to the left first we have a code Editor to the left. Here here here this is where we'll just put our rust this is where we'll just put our rust. This is where we'll just put our rust slash sorobong this playground uh runs slash sorobong this playground uh runs. Slash sorobong this playground uh runs on Rust and the rest soar about SDK on Rust and the rest soar about SDK. On Rust and the rest soar about SDK you'll as you continue your journey you'll as you continue your journey. You'll as you continue your journey um you'll find out that there's other um you'll find out that there's other. Um you'll find out that there's other sdks for sword Bond available sdks for sword Bond available. Sdks for sword Bond available for now we're going to deal with rust for now we're going to deal with rust. For now we're going to deal with rust because that's the sort of reference because that's the sort of reference. Because that's the sort of reference implementation all right so we have the implementation all right so we have the. Implementation all right so we have the code editor we'll we'll put our rest in code editor we'll we'll put our rest in. Code editor we'll we'll put our rest in and sort by and sort by and sort by um and then we have some widgets so. Um and then we have some widgets so um and then we have some widgets so right now console is open code is open. Right now console is open code is open right now console is open code is open and let's get started with the hello. And let's get started with the hello and let's get started with the hello world part. World part world part so how do we do that in rest well I so how do we do that in rest well I. So how do we do that in rest well I guess we write a hello function guess we write a hello function. Guess we write a hello function and we call the print line macro and say and we call the print line macro and say. And we call the print line macro and say hello hello hello okay okay okay compile it and that worked this is a. Compile it and that worked this is a compile it and that worked this is a rest program as it should be compiled. Rest program as it should be compiled rest program as it should be compiled and I abstract all the details for. And I abstract all the details for and I abstract all the details for creating cargo projects and. Creating cargo projects and creating cargo projects and um the defining targets and so forth so. Um the defining targets and so forth so um the defining targets and so forth so you just sort of write some code and. You just sort of write some code and you just sort of write some code and click compile in you know you're Off to. Click compile in you know you're Off to click compile in you know you're Off to the Races Morgan I'm going to interrupt. The Races Morgan I'm going to interrupt the Races Morgan I'm going to interrupt you for just one second can you zoom in. You for just one second can you zoom in you for just one second can you zoom in a little bit more because we can't see. A little bit more because we can't see a little bit more because we can't see it a little bit more. It a little bit more it a little bit more how about now how about now how about now. A lot more a lot more a lot more a lot more yeah a little bit more I a lot more yeah a little bit more I. A lot more yeah a little bit more I would say yeah would say yeah would say yeah it will be unusable if I zoom in any. It will be unusable if I zoom in any it will be unusable if I zoom in any further so I do apart for anyone. Further so I do apart for anyone further so I do apart for anyone or we can we can hide my face there's a. Or we can we can hide my face there's a or we can we can hide my face there's a lot of stuff on screen that's uh. Lot of stuff on screen that's uh lot of stuff on screen that's uh not the code so we can just sort of. Not the code so we can just sort of not the code so we can just sort of focus on the code here we go. Focus on the code here we go focus on the code here we go um there we go um there we go. Um there we go sweeter like I'm almost blind and there sweeter like I'm almost blind and there. Sweeter like I'm almost blind and there you go okay sweet we got one you go okay sweet we got one. You go okay sweet we got one confirmation I can see it fine carry on confirmation I can see it fine carry on. Confirmation I can see it fine carry on and everyone can hide the faces because and everyone can hide the faces because. And everyone can hide the faces because like the vertical space might be useful like the vertical space might be useful. Like the vertical space might be useful um um um nothing but the screen share nothing but the screen share. Nothing but the screen share all right perfect thank you all right perfect thank you. All right perfect thank you um all right carrying on so print line um all right carrying on so print line. Um all right carrying on so print line uh hello didn't work well at least it uh hello didn't work well at least it. Uh hello didn't work well at least it compiled and didn't produce what we compiled and didn't produce what we. Compiled and didn't produce what we wanted wanted wanted um why is the question and. Um why is the question and um why is the question and well we're working in a soybean. Well we're working in a soybean well we're working in a soybean environment right sorbon expects a. Environment right sorbon expects a environment right sorbon expects a certain kind of um format for these. Certain kind of um format for these certain kind of um format for these things to work and everything that. Things to work and everything that things to work and everything that um we want to be able to call has to. Um we want to be able to call has to um we want to be able to call has to live in a contract so. Live in a contract so live in a contract so uh contracts are struck in rest we're. Uh contracts are struck in rest we're uh contracts are struck in rest we're going to declare a contract uh struct. Going to declare a contract uh struct going to declare a contract uh struct this name can be anything you want. This name can be anything you want this name can be anything you want um um um call contract because it couldn't come. Call contract because it couldn't come call contract because it couldn't come up with a better name. Up with a better name up with a better name all right so we go ahead and Define an. All right so we go ahead and Define an all right so we go ahead and Define an implementation for contract. Implementation for contract implementation for contract let's go ahead and copy this. Let's go ahead and copy this let's go ahead and copy this from here from here from here. [Music] okay okay all right compile this again and that all right compile this again and that. All right compile this again and that worked again no compiler errors but the worked again no compiler errors but the. Worked again no compiler errors but the problem is we still don't see any hellos problem is we still don't see any hellos. Problem is we still don't see any hellos popping up popping up popping up um um um. So that's not great so that's not great so that's not great um um um ideally ideally. Ideally you want to work with the SDK here you want to work with the SDK here you want to work with the SDK here. Because you know a structure like this because you know a structure like this because you know a structure like this. Is not really sort of buying is not really sort of buying is not really sort of buying. Um we got to tell it to do a little bit um we got to tell it to do a little bit um we got to tell it to do a little bit. More so for that we're going to use the more so for that we're going to use the more so for that we're going to use the. Soroban SDK soroban SDK soroban SDK and we're going to import the contract and we're going to import the contract. And we're going to import the contract implementation macro and that's going to implementation macro and that's going to. Implementation macro and that's going to do do do a bunch of things but essentially this. A bunch of things but essentially this a bunch of things but essentially this will convert this implementation right. Will convert this implementation right will convert this implementation right here into a soroban contract. Here into a soroban contract here into a soroban contract and uh okay we have a a few errors over. And uh okay we have a a few errors over and uh okay we have a a few errors over here. Here here um by the way Russ is super famous for um by the way Russ is super famous for. Um by the way Russ is super famous for really good compiler errors and in this really good compiler errors and in this. Really good compiler errors and in this environment which is enabled by soroban environment which is enabled by soroban. Environment which is enabled by soroban the way it's designed to leverage the way it's designed to leverage. The way it's designed to leverage webassembly and um webassembly and um webassembly and um. And rust so we'll get those beautiful and rust so we'll get those beautiful and rust so we'll get those beautiful. Russ compiler errors and we can see that Russ compiler errors and we can see that. Russ compiler errors and we can see that there's some problems with the Panic there's some problems with the Panic. There's some problems with the Panic implementation although it's not implementation although it's not. Implementation although it's not entirely clear what's going on uh so entirely clear what's going on uh so. Entirely clear what's going on uh so I'll just sort of uh skip the mystery I'll just sort of uh skip the mystery. I'll just sort of uh skip the mystery here and here and here and um um um solve this problem by. Solve this problem by solve this problem by finding this macro right here finding this macro right here. Finding this macro right here so contracts on the blockchain have to so contracts on the blockchain have to. So contracts on the blockchain have to be super super efficient in how to use be super super efficient in how to use. Be super super efficient in how to use the available Ledger space and rest the available Ledger space and rest. The available Ledger space and rest programs even though they're pretty programs even though they're pretty. Programs even though they're pretty light they still carry a bunch of stuff light they still carry a bunch of stuff. Light they still carry a bunch of stuff that we don't really need that we don't really need. That we don't really need uh as part of our contracts so to uh as part of our contracts so to. Uh as part of our contracts so to eliminate everything that we don't need eliminate everything that we don't need. Eliminate everything that we don't need um and just get the rest that you know um and just get the rest that you know. Um and just get the rest that you know the basic rest of that is required for the basic rest of that is required for. The basic rest of that is required for contract logic will we declare contract logic will we declare. Contract logic will we declare um the no STD macro um the no STD macro um the no STD macro. This this this um unfortunately um unfortunately um unfortunately um removes the ability for us to use the. Um removes the ability for us to use the um removes the ability for us to use the. Print line macro to print this stuff and print line macro to print this stuff and. Print line macro to print this stuff and uh okay so let's get rid of that now uh okay so let's get rid of that now. Uh okay so let's get rid of that now we've uh back to a solid compiling we've uh back to a solid compiling. We've uh back to a solid compiling contract here and let's go ahead and contract here and let's go ahead and. Contract here and let's go ahead and declare this function as a public declare this function as a public. Declare this function as a public function function function now we have something on on on screen up. Now we have something on on on screen up now we have something on on on screen up. Here uh that's uh looking like a button here uh that's uh looking like a button here uh that's uh looking like a button. So in this actions widget which is sort so in this actions widget which is sort so in this actions widget which is sort. Of the of the of the a third of this interface in the middle a third of this interface in the middle. A third of this interface in the middle is where you will be able to click and is where you will be able to click and. Is where you will be able to click and interact with every function that your interact with every function that your. Interact with every function that your contract declares so our contract right contract declares so our contract right. Contract declares so our contract right here declares a single hello function here declares a single hello function. Here declares a single hello function we can call it and we'll see in the we can call it and we'll see in the. We can call it and we'll see in the console a return value console a return value. Console a return value so it's implied that a function without so it's implied that a function without. So it's implied that a function without an explicit return value returns none in an explicit return value returns none in. An explicit return value returns none in rest so same applies here rest so same applies here. Rest so same applies here and we're going to return value now and we're going to return value now. And we're going to return value now um I guess we can leverage this return um I guess we can leverage this return. Um I guess we can leverage this return Dynamic to finally say hello to everyone Dynamic to finally say hello to everyone. Dynamic to finally say hello to everyone tuning in tuning in tuning in and for that we will need a special type. And for that we will need a special type and for that we will need a special type. So again since we can't use the rest so again since we can't use the rest so again since we can't use the rest. Strain it's unavailable we have to strain it's unavailable we have to strain it's unavailable we have to. Figure a different way to carry our figure a different way to carry our figure a different way to carry our. Information and for that we're going to information and for that we're going to information and for that we're going to. Use a symbol which is an efficient data use a symbol which is an efficient data use a symbol which is an efficient data. Type type type in in sorobind for storing alphanumeric in in sorobind for storing alphanumeric. In in sorobind for storing alphanumeric characters essentially all the letters characters essentially all the letters. Characters essentially all the letters of the alphabet plus the digits and the of the alphabet plus the digits and the. Of the alphabet plus the digits and the underscore underscore underscore so what we're going to do with symbol is. So what we're going to do with symbol is so what we're going to do with symbol is. We're going to initialize a short symbol we're going to initialize a short symbol. We're going to initialize a short symbol that says hello that says hello that says hello. And short just means that this sequence and short just means that this sequence and short just means that this sequence. Of characters will be able to fit in a of characters will be able to fit in a of characters will be able to fit in a. Single 64-bit value which is pretty single 64-bit value which is pretty single 64-bit value which is pretty. Important important important when it comes to this this context when it comes to this this context. When it comes to this this context let's recompile this again let's recompile this again. Let's recompile this again and uh oh thank you rust compiler we are and uh oh thank you rust compiler we are. And uh oh thank you rust compiler we are returning a value so let's make sure returning a value so let's make sure. Returning a value so let's make sure that we declare what we're returning that we declare what we're returning. That we declare what we're returning and let's call this all right so we have and let's call this all right so we have. And let's call this all right so we have a return value hello a return value hello. A return value hello um from this function right here and um from this function right here and. Um from this function right here and um um um this is sort of your basic most basic. This is sort of your basic most basic this is sort of your basic most basic implementation of a sorobind contract. Implementation of a sorobind contract implementation of a sorobind contract that says hello to anyone uh tuning in. That says hello to anyone uh tuning in that says hello to anyone uh tuning in now let's make it a little bit more. Now let's make it a little bit more now let's make it a little bit more spicy spicy. Spicy and let's use a little bit more of the and let's use a little bit more of the. And let's use a little bit more of the environment here so let's say environment here so let's say. Environment here so let's say we're going to log a value everybody we're going to log a value everybody. We're going to log a value everybody loves blogging as a you know someone loves blogging as a you know someone. Loves blogging as a you know someone coming in from a web developer coming in from a web developer. Coming in from a web developer background I use console log all the background I use console log all the. Background I use console log all the time and console log is uh the best so time and console log is uh the best so. Time and console log is uh the best so we have an equivalent in sorobind it's we have an equivalent in sorobind it's. We have an equivalent in sorobind it's called log the log macro and we're going called log the log macro and we're going. Called log the log macro and we're going to declare a new function called hello2 and what are we going to do here we're. And what are we going to do here we're going to uh going to uh going to uh gonna say hello to a specific name it's. Gonna say hello to a specific name it's gonna say hello to a specific name it's going to be a symbol. Going to be a symbol going to be a symbol and we're not going to return anything and we're not going to return anything. And we're not going to return anything okay so how do we interact with this log okay so how do we interact with this log. Okay so how do we interact with this log macro macro macro um well it's a macro so we use a bang. Um well it's a macro so we use a bang um well it's a macro so we use a bang and then the first argument is the. And then the first argument is the and then the first argument is the environment within which we're logging. Environment within which we're logging environment within which we're logging this value and uh you'll get used to. This value and uh you'll get used to this value and uh you'll get used to this concept of every single function. This concept of every single function this concept of every single function that your contract has that interacts. That your contract has that interacts that your contract has that interacts with anything else anything in the. With anything else anything in the with anything else anything in the outside world will have to have an. Outside world will have to have an outside world will have to have an environment as the very first argument. Environment as the very first argument environment as the very first argument it's kind of like your access to. It's kind of like your access to it's kind of like your access to everything everything. Everything so log accepts the first argument so log accepts the first argument so log accepts the first argument. Um being the environment so we're just um being the environment so we're just um being the environment so we're just. Going to pass in in reference to the going to pass in in reference to the going to pass in in reference to the. Environment next up we have a string environment next up we have a string environment next up we have a string. And we're going to use hello bang and and we're going to use hello bang and and we're going to use hello bang and. Then we're going to provide the name then we're going to provide the name then we're going to provide the name. Let's compile this let's compile this let's compile this uh oh we're missing environment in in. Uh oh we're missing environment in in uh oh we're missing environment in in this import and a handy feature is if. This import and a handy feature is if this import and a handy feature is if you're having problems with a specific. You're having problems with a specific you're having problems with a specific type or you're missing something you can. Type or you're missing something you can type or you're missing something you can. Go ahead and click go ahead and click go ahead and click um links right inside of your compiler. Um links right inside of your compiler um links right inside of your compiler widget that will take you to the. Widget that will take you to the widget that will take you to the documentation so it's an easy feedback. Documentation so it's an easy feedback documentation so it's an easy feedback loop so now that we've imported an. Loop so now that we've imported an loop so now that we've imported an environment we can recompile this again. Environment we can recompile this again environment we can recompile this again and try saying hello to. And try saying hello to and try saying hello to twitch I guess is where most of you are. Twitch I guess is where most of you are twitch I guess is where most of you are um and in this console widget we can see. Um and in this console widget we can see um and in this console widget we can see. That that that in between hello too which is the in between hello too which is the. In between hello too which is the function that we're calling and the function that we're calling and the. Function that we're calling and the return value we have a log that says return value we have a log that says. Return value we have a log that says hello twitch hello twitch hello twitch all right so I'm almost done with the. All right so I'm almost done with the all right so I'm almost done with the first demo anyone and everyone that's. First demo anyone and everyone that's first demo anyone and everyone that's tuning in you can actually test this on. Tuning in you can actually test this on tuning in you can actually test this on your phone. Your phone your phone um so this is going to be a multi-modal um so this is going to be a multi-modal. Um so this is going to be a multi-modal demo and um for that I'm gonna demo and um for that I'm gonna. Demo and um for that I'm gonna take my phone here so I just popped up take my phone here so I just popped up. Take my phone here so I just popped up this share modal I'm going to take my this share modal I'm going to take my. This share modal I'm going to take my phone this is an actual phone I have phone this is an actual phone I have. Phone this is an actual phone I have here bring up the camera here bring up the camera. Here bring up the camera hey everyone hey everyone hey everyone and I'll go ahead and look at the QR. And I'll go ahead and look at the QR and I'll go ahead and look at the QR code here tap on usurabond.app. Code here tap on usurabond.app code here tap on usurabond.app and we can see we're taken to a version. And we can see we're taken to a version and we can see we're taken to a version of usurubundan app which is mobile. Of usurubundan app which is mobile of usurubundan app which is mobile optimized and you know we gotta work on. Optimized and you know we gotta work on optimized and you know we gotta work on mobile experiences just as much as a. Mobile experiences just as much as a mobile experiences just as much as a desktop experience and someone that's. Desktop experience and someone that's desktop experience and someone that's designing these apps we've got to be. Designing these apps we've got to be designing these apps we've got to be mindful that that's where our audience. Mindful that that's where our audience mindful that that's where our audience is so this kind of interface will allow. Is so this kind of interface will allow is so this kind of interface will allow users to test this contract anywhere. Users to test this contract anywhere users to test this contract anywhere they are especially on the mobile phone. They are especially on the mobile phone they are especially on the mobile phone so we have access to the same sort of. So we have access to the same sort of so we have access to the same sort of widgets we have the console open and. Widgets we have the console open and widgets we have the console open and actions is a sheet down at the bottom we. Actions is a sheet down at the bottom we actions is a sheet down at the bottom we. Can go ahead and call hello like we did can go ahead and call hello like we did can go ahead and call hello like we did. Before quick access down at the bottom before quick access down at the bottom before quick access down at the bottom. To the previously called functions and to the previously called functions and to the previously called functions and. We can call hello to we can call hello to we can call hello to and let's do twitch confirm and then we. And let's do twitch confirm and then we and let's do twitch confirm and then we can call this function with the same. Can call this function with the same can call this function with the same arguments if we want to or we can change. Arguments if we want to or we can change arguments if we want to or we can change. The arguments the arguments the arguments um and do YouTube um and do YouTube um and do YouTube. Okay all right so that does conclude okay all right so that does conclude okay all right so that does conclude. The demo everyone that scan the QR code the demo everyone that scan the QR code the demo everyone that scan the QR code. And we're able to interact with the uh and we're able to interact with the uh and we're able to interact with the uh. With the app here congratulations uh if with the app here congratulations uh if with the app here congratulations uh if. Right now this is still in a gated Alpha right now this is still in a gated Alpha. Right now this is still in a gated Alpha if you want access to the current build if you want access to the current build. If you want access to the current build please tweet me on at sorobine Dev on please tweet me on at sorobine Dev on. Please tweet me on at sorobine Dev on Twitter and I'll make that happen Twitter and I'll make that happen. Twitter and I'll make that happen um all right so I'm handing it off Back um all right so I'm handing it off Back. Um all right so I'm handing it off Back To You Paul To You Paul To You Paul [Music]. We go okay I'm back uh thanks we go okay I'm back uh thanks Morgan can we get the slides up again. Cool thank you cool thank you um yeah so that's Morgan has shown us um yeah so that's Morgan has shown us. Um yeah so that's Morgan has shown us the basics of sorbon but I want to go the basics of sorbon but I want to go. The basics of sorbon but I want to go into what actually makes it so special into what actually makes it so special. Into what actually makes it so special and what makes it so exciting here so uh and what makes it so exciting here so uh. And what makes it so exciting here so uh first off it is batteries included for first off it is batteries included for. First off it is batteries included for devs that's our goal here right when devs that's our goal here right when. Devs that's our goal here right when we're when we're designing it everything we're when we're designing it everything. We're when we're designing it everything we're thinking about designing it that's. We're thinking about designing it that's we're thinking about designing it that's. Our goal and that means we're including our goal and that means we're including our goal and that means we're including. Everything from Storage to everything from Storage to everything from Storage to authentication and authorization. Authentication and authorization authentication and authorization Frameworks to token minting and. Frameworks to token minting and Frameworks to token minting and transfers all that's baked in right it's. Transfers all that's baked in right it's transfers all that's baked in right it's. Ready to go uh so you can focus on your ready to go uh so you can focus on your ready to go uh so you can focus on your. Application and not spend ages trying to application and not spend ages trying to. Application and not spend ages trying to figure out how to like verify an ed figure out how to like verify an ed. Figure out how to like verify an ed 25519 signature right like you shouldn't 25519 signature right like you shouldn't. 25519 signature right like you shouldn't have to worry about that have to worry about that. Have to worry about that um um um and secondly uh unlike pretty much any and secondly uh unlike pretty much any. And secondly uh unlike pretty much any other smart Contracting platform out other smart Contracting platform out. Other smart Contracting platform out there there there um because we're launching on the. Um because we're launching on the um because we're launching on the Stellar Network you get access to all. Stellar Network you get access to all Stellar Network you get access to all the existing assets on the vanilla. The existing assets on the vanilla the existing assets on the vanilla Stellar Network and I want to address a. Stellar Network and I want to address a Stellar Network and I want to address a comment in chat I think from Matthias. Comment in chat I think from Matthias comment in chat I think from Matthias said I should call it classic and not. Said I should call it classic and not said I should call it classic and not vanilla and I'm calling it vanilla for a. Vanilla and I'm calling it vanilla for a vanilla and I'm calling it vanilla for a. Very specific reason right because the very specific reason right because the very specific reason right because the. Existing Stellar network is not going existing Stellar network is not going existing Stellar network is not going. Anywhere anywhere anywhere right that's still all staying there right that's still all staying there. Right that's still all staying there it's not being deprecated it's not a it's not being deprecated it's not a. It's not being deprecated it's not a classic thing right it's just a classic thing right it's just a. Classic thing right it's just a different flavor of the same thing different flavor of the same thing. Different flavor of the same thing um it'll still be the fastest cheapest um it'll still be the fastest cheapest. Um it'll still be the fastest cheapest way uh to use the network but if you way uh to use the network but if you. Way uh to use the network but if you need a bit more power that's what need a bit more power that's what. Need a bit more power that's what soroban's for soroban's for soroban's for okay but. Okay but okay but building on the existing Stellar Network building on the existing Stellar Network. Building on the existing Stellar Network means that from day one of launch your means that from day one of launch your. Means that from day one of launch your smart contracts can hold and use usdc smart contracts can hold and use usdc. Smart contracts can hold and use usdc right and many other assets that are right and many other assets that are. Right and many other assets that are already on the network already on the network. Already on the network they also have access to Stellar's cash they also have access to Stellar's cash. They also have access to Stellar's cash on and off ramp via our partnership with on and off ramp via our partnership with. On and off ramp via our partnership with MoneyGram which gives which works in MoneyGram which gives which works in. MoneyGram which gives which works in over 200 countries worldwide right so over 200 countries worldwide right so. Over 200 countries worldwide right so putting this together we could think of putting this together we could think of. Putting this together we could think of someone let's say Julia right she someone let's say Julia right she. Someone let's say Julia right she doesn't have a bank account doesn't have a bank account. Doesn't have a bank account she can go to her local MoneyGram she can go to her local MoneyGram. She can go to her local MoneyGram location deposit cash into the kiosk she location deposit cash into the kiosk she. Location deposit cash into the kiosk she receives usdc on the Stellar Network in receives usdc on the Stellar Network in. Receives usdc on the Stellar Network in her wallet her wallet her wallet and now with sorbon she can take that. And now with sorbon she can take that and now with sorbon she can take that usdc and deposit it into I mean a lot of. Usdc and deposit it into I mean a lot of usdc and deposit it into I mean a lot of. Things right whatever you're building things right whatever you're building things right whatever you're building. But let's say an income generating D5 but let's say an income generating D5 but let's say an income generating D5. Protocol where she receives a portion of protocol where she receives a portion of. Protocol where she receives a portion of transaction fees for providing liquidity. Transaction fees for providing liquidity transaction fees for providing liquidity. Right the partnership between Stellar's right the partnership between Stellar's right the partnership between Stellar's. Anchor Network and MoneyGram allows anchor Network and MoneyGram allows anchor Network and MoneyGram allows. Users like Julia to move cash straight users like Julia to move cash straight users like Julia to move cash straight. From their physical real wallet to a DFI from their physical real wallet to a DFI. From their physical real wallet to a DFI protocol and vice versa which is protocol and vice versa which is. Protocol and vice versa which is something that I don't think's ever been something that I don't think's ever been. Something that I don't think's ever been seen on any other blockchain network so seen on any other blockchain network so. Seen on any other blockchain network so far far far um yeah um yeah um yeah and the third Point here I want to talk. And the third Point here I want to talk and the third Point here I want to talk about what makes soroban super special. About what makes soroban super special about what makes soroban super special is the scaling optimizations that we're. Is the scaling optimizations that we're is the scaling optimizations that we're doing. Doing doing so when designing sorbon we've been able so when designing sorbon we've been able. So when designing sorbon we've been able to learn from the state of the art and to learn from the state of the art and. To learn from the state of the art and hand pick the best solutions from each hand pick the best solutions from each. Hand pick the best solutions from each one one one so we've designed the transaction. So we've designed the transaction so we've designed the transaction execution model the scale across. Execution model the scale across execution model the scale across multiple cores multiple cores. Multiple cores we've calibrated the fee model to we've calibrated the fee model to. We've calibrated the fee model to maximize throughput and minimize cost maximize throughput and minimize cost. Maximize throughput and minimize cost while protecting the existing Stellar while protecting the existing Stellar. While protecting the existing Stellar Network traffic Network traffic Network traffic. So we've designed a lot of optimizations so we've designed a lot of optimizations. So we've designed a lot of optimizations around the contracts themselves as well around the contracts themselves as well. Around the contracts themselves as well that you don't see on every other chain that you don't see on every other chain. That you don't see on every other chain so for example if you look at uh near so for example if you look at uh near. So for example if you look at uh near not to pick on them I love near but they not to pick on them I love near but they. Not to pick on them I love near but they do this in the near contracts you need do this in the near contracts you need. Do this in the near contracts you need to do your own serialization the to do your own serialization the. To do your own serialization the deserialization of arguments when you deserialization of arguments when you. Deserialization of arguments when you get stuff in and out that means you need get stuff in and out that means you need. Get stuff in and out that means you need to compile that into your contract and to compile that into your contract and. To compile that into your contract and deploy it as well right so you need to deploy it as well right so you need to. Deploy it as well right so you need to include that library in sorbon we've include that library in sorbon we've. Include that library in sorbon we've pushed as much as we can out to the host pushed as much as we can out to the host. Pushed as much as we can out to the host environment where we can say batteries environment where we can say batteries. Environment where we can say batteries included right which lets us massively included right which lets us massively. Included right which lets us massively reduce the contract size and you don't reduce the contract size and you don't. Reduce the contract size and you don't need to pay to deploy that code or your need to pay to deploy that code or your. Need to pay to deploy that code or your users don't need to pay to run it right users don't need to pay to run it right. Users don't need to pay to run it right we can take that a little bit further we can take that a little bit further. We can take that a little bit further with uh built-in contracts so we have an with uh built-in contracts so we have an. With uh built-in contracts so we have an idea in sorbon of built-in contracts idea in sorbon of built-in contracts. Idea in sorbon of built-in contracts similar to like pre-compiles you might similar to like pre-compiles you might. Similar to like pre-compiles you might know of us on other network know of us on other network. Know of us on other network um So currently this is just for the um So currently this is just for the. Um So currently this is just for the standard asset contract standard asset contract. Standard asset contract um and it means that it runs Ultra fast um and it means that it runs Ultra fast. Um and it means that it runs Ultra fast and cheap right and cheap right and cheap right. Um and it lets um and it lets um and it lets contract standardize on the interface. Contract standardize on the interface contract standardize on the interface within the ecosystem. Within the ecosystem within the ecosystem and that's the standard asset contract and that's the standard asset contract. And that's the standard asset contract that we have in sorbon is how uh Stellar that we have in sorbon is how uh Stellar. That we have in sorbon is how uh Stellar assets are exposed in sorbon they look assets are exposed in sorbon they look. Assets are exposed in sorbon they look just like any other contract to your just like any other contract to your. Just like any other contract to your contract so it's really easy to contract so it's really easy to. Contract so it's really easy to integrate with existing Stellar assets integrate with existing Stellar assets. Integrate with existing Stellar assets um the last thing here that's really um the last thing here that's really. Um the last thing here that's really cool uh we're actually working on cool uh we're actually working on. Cool uh we're actually working on solving State bloat with our state solving State bloat with our state. Solving State bloat with our state expiration model so on other chains you expiration model so on other chains you. Expiration model so on other chains you store some data on chain and it's there store some data on chain and it's there. Store some data on chain and it's there forever right well forever right in air forever right well forever right in air. Forever right well forever right in air quotes we have a rent-based system with quotes we have a rent-based system with. Quotes we have a rent-based system with evictions and Restorations to ensure the evictions and Restorations to ensure the. Evictions and Restorations to ensure the Chain's working data set stays as lean Chain's working data set stays as lean. Chain's working data set stays as lean as possible as possible as possible so so so. Once your rent expires your data gets once your rent expires your data gets once your rent expires your data gets. Evicted and you can pay to have it evicted and you can pay to have it evicted and you can pay to have it. Restored back on chain if you need it we restored back on chain if you need it we. Restored back on chain if you need it we can do a deep dive on that another day can do a deep dive on that another day. Can do a deep dive on that another day it's a bit involved and actually we're it's a bit involved and actually we're. It's a bit involved and actually we're still uh still designing some of those still uh still designing some of those. Still uh still designing some of those elements right now literally right now elements right now literally right now. Elements right now literally right now on the uh the call on Discord on the uh the call on Discord. On the uh the call on Discord so so so um at this point I think Morgan can um at this point I think Morgan can. Um at this point I think Morgan can introduce this a bit how stateful introduce this a bit how stateful. Introduce this a bit how stateful contracts work on sarban and get some of contracts work on sarban and get some of. Contracts work on sarban and get some of the basics of those in foreign I'm Paul's back too hey Paul. I'm Paul's back too hey Paul [Music] [Music] [Music] I am muscle back yeah I am muscle back yeah. I am muscle back yeah we're waiting for we're waiting for we're waiting for um my screen share you are waiting for a. Um my screen share you are waiting for a um my screen share you are waiting for a. Screen share of Morgan there you go okay screen share of Morgan there you go okay. Screen share of Morgan there you go okay all right all right all right um thank you anyway yeah. Um thank you anyway yeah um thank you anyway yeah thank you Paul so like Paul mentioned um. Thank you Paul so like Paul mentioned um thank you Paul so like Paul mentioned um. There's quite a bit of innovation going there's quite a bit of innovation going there's quite a bit of innovation going. On on on um sword I'm and the deeper you go into um sword I'm and the deeper you go into. Um sword I'm and the deeper you go into it uh the more you can sort of it uh the more you can sort of. It uh the more you can sort of understand like you mentioned there's a understand like you mentioned there's a. Understand like you mentioned there's a design discussion going on right now design discussion going on right now. Design discussion going on right now we're about to wrap up we're about to wrap up. We're about to wrap up um every week I think they go on uh but um every week I think they go on uh but. Um every week I think they go on uh but anyhow let's discuss the sore month anyhow let's discuss the sore month. Anyhow let's discuss the sore month State of Mind specifically when it comes State of Mind specifically when it comes. State of Mind specifically when it comes to uh storage and preserving things in to uh storage and preserving things in. To uh storage and preserving things in The Ledger The Ledger The Ledger [Music] [Music]. [Music] so as I open this up so as I open this up so as I open this up I want to hide my face and then focus on. I want to hide my face and then focus on I want to hide my face and then focus on. The code again if the code again if the code again if [Music] [Music] [Music] all right perfect so uh we we're back to. All right perfect so uh we we're back to all right perfect so uh we we're back to. A brand new project uh I think we should a brand new project uh I think we should. A brand new project uh I think we should rename this to rename this to rename this to. [Music] [Music] [Music] speak so we're working on the state uh on on so we're working on the state uh on on. The sword State okay the sword State okay the sword State okay so sooner or later every developer finds. So sooner or later every developer finds so sooner or later every developer finds. Themselves in a situation where their themselves in a situation where their themselves in a situation where their. Application is not working as expected I application is not working as expected I. Application is not working as expected I would say raise your hand if that would say raise your hand if that. Would say raise your hand if that happened to you but I can't see you so I happened to you but I can't see you so I. Happened to you but I can't see you so I assume everyone's had this problem assume everyone's had this problem. Assume everyone's had this problem um and we all know the techniques of how um and we all know the techniques of how. Um and we all know the techniques of how to solve these things like unit testing to solve these things like unit testing. To solve these things like unit testing or logging intermittent values using or logging intermittent values using. Or logging intermittent values using break points is is a cool uh way break points is is a cool uh way. Break points is is a cool uh way um to inspect stack frames and so forth um to inspect stack frames and so forth. Um to inspect stack frames and so forth but unfortunately but unfortunately but unfortunately. Smart contract developers often don't smart contract developers often don't smart contract developers often don't. Have a rapid workflow for finding bugs have a rapid workflow for finding bugs have a rapid workflow for finding bugs. Or faults in the contracts or faults in the contracts or faults in the contracts and you know this leaves them with the. And you know this leaves them with the and you know this leaves them with the only option of hey I want to test. Only option of hey I want to test only option of hey I want to test something out well what do I do I take. Something out well what do I do I take something out well what do I do I take the current code for the contract that I. The current code for the contract that I the current code for the contract that I. Have and I either one of two options I have and I either one of two options I have and I either one of two options I. Deploy this to the test net deploy this to the test net deploy this to the test net. Um of your blockchain that you're um of your blockchain that you're um of your blockchain that you're. Working on and I test it against the working on and I test it against the working on and I test it against the. Wallet wallet wallet um and that's going to be um and that's going to be um and that's going to be. If you're a very efficient under a if you're a very efficient under a if you're a very efficient under a. Minute uh or it could take a little minute uh or it could take a little minute uh or it could take a little. Longer longer longer or your your second option if if the or your your second option if if the. Or your your second option if if the blockchain is is well equipped for blockchain is is well equipped for. Blockchain is is well equipped for developers let's say you can probably developers let's say you can probably. Developers let's say you can probably deploy to a local Docker running deploy to a local Docker running. Deploy to a local Docker running instance instance instance so that's all fine and dandy. So that's all fine and dandy so that's all fine and dandy um but um but um but air is the limit and folks I guess tend. Air is the limit and folks I guess tend air is the limit and folks I guess tend to not test as much as they're used to. To not test as much as they're used to to not test as much as they're used to because of all the hurdles and so sorbon. Because of all the hurdles and so sorbon because of all the hurdles and so sorbon. Takes the challenge hit on by providing takes the challenge hit on by providing takes the challenge hit on by providing. A guest environment right in the SDK so a guest environment right in the SDK so a guest environment right in the SDK so. You'll be able to see in the you'll be able to see in the you'll be able to see in the. Documentation if you follow along this documentation if you follow along this documentation if you follow along this. Path where uh you read a contract and path where uh you read a contract and path where uh you read a contract and. Immediately you read a unit test for a immediately you read a unit test for a immediately you read a unit test for a. Function function function and this is using your regular rust and this is using your regular rust. And this is using your regular rust cargo unit tests cargo unit tests cargo unit tests. Um with usurubon.app I leverage that um with usurubon.app I leverage that um with usurubon.app I leverage that. Functionality of the of an environment functionality of the of an environment functionality of the of an environment. Um um um provide provide provide features to rapidly test features to rapidly test. Features to rapidly test um your contracts um your contracts um your contracts so right here. So right here so right here um we're gonna we're gonna explore um we're gonna we're gonna explore. Um we're gonna we're gonna explore State because let's let's you know face State because let's let's you know face. State because let's let's you know face it if if we're writing hello world it if if we're writing hello world. It if if we're writing hello world probably bugs won't affect anything too probably bugs won't affect anything too. Probably bugs won't affect anything too much if we're dealing with State then much if we're dealing with State then. Much if we're dealing with State then bugs all of a sudden become an issue all bugs all of a sudden become an issue all. Bugs all of a sudden become an issue all right so let's uh let's begin how do we right so let's uh let's begin how do we. Right so let's uh let's begin how do we store something on The Ledger store something on The Ledger. Store something on The Ledger we're gonna head and start with the same we're gonna head and start with the same. We're gonna head and start with the same no STD so we're not going to import the no STD so we're not going to import the. No STD so we're not going to import the standard Library standard Library standard Library. We're going to use the we're going to use the we're going to use the critical elements like contract. Critical elements like contract critical elements like contract implementation and environment Within. Implementation and environment Within implementation and environment Within you know and let's grab a simple as well. You know and let's grab a simple as well you know and let's grab a simple as well. From the SDK and we're going to declare from the SDK and we're going to declare from the SDK and we're going to declare. Another contract another contract another contract [Music] [Music] [Music] on track okay and then we're going to. On track okay and then we're going to on track okay and then we're going to implement this contract with a couple of. Implement this contract with a couple of implement this contract with a couple of. Functions functions functions [Music] [Music] [Music] um let's clear this um let's clear this. Um let's clear this upper way contract implementation all upper way contract implementation all. Upper way contract implementation all right so what what do we want to test to right so what what do we want to test to. Right so what what do we want to test to sort of showcase this well first let's sort of showcase this well first let's. Sort of showcase this well first let's compile compile often right compile compile often right. Compile compile often right um never too often to compile um never too often to compile. Um never too often to compile we're going to have some uh some data in we're going to have some uh some data in. We're going to have some uh some data in the storage and on The Ledger and we're the storage and on The Ledger and we're. The storage and on The Ledger and we're going to save and retrieve that data so going to save and retrieve that data so. Going to save and retrieve that data so we're going to have a couple of we're going to have a couple of. We're going to have a couple of functions so let's declare save as the functions so let's declare save as the. Functions so let's declare save as the one that will put data Into The Ledger one that will put data Into The Ledger. One that will put data Into The Ledger and uh we're gonna explore a number explore a number. Uh it's gonna be u32 now save is going uh it's gonna be u32 now save is going uh it's gonna be u32 now save is going. To return the same number just to return the same number just to return the same number just. For the sake of it I guess and um we're for the sake of it I guess and um we're for the sake of it I guess and um we're. Gonna load gonna load gonna load a number environment environment and it's going to return that number. And it's going to return that number and it's going to return that number so it's essentially save and load two. So it's essentially save and load two so it's essentially save and load two functions for this contract let's. Functions for this contract let's functions for this contract let's compile this again make sure nothing. Compile this again make sure nothing compile this again make sure nothing breaks breaks. Breaks um oh okay well I guess I compiled it a um oh okay well I guess I compiled it a. Um oh okay well I guess I compiled it a little too early uh let's return some little too early uh let's return some. Little too early uh let's return some value here value here value here um um um oops. Okay okay so we have uh we have something of an issue we have something of an issue. I remove this let's make sure this I remove this let's make sure this I remove this let's make sure this. Compiles again compiles again compiles again um let me back out of this let me back out of this. [Music] oh oh we don't need to back out of this we're we don't need to back out of this we're. We don't need to back out of this we're just not returning a value before just not returning a value before. Just not returning a value before should have trusted the rest compiler should have trusted the rest compiler. Should have trusted the rest compiler errors all right so we call save it errors all right so we call save it. Errors all right so we call save it takes in a number takes in a number takes in a number. And by the way this is one of those nice and by the way this is one of those nice. And by the way this is one of those nice abstractions that you get with abstractions that you get with. Abstractions that you get with um an environment like usurubund.app um an environment like usurubund.app. Um an environment like usurubund.app let's say a function takes in some let's say a function takes in some. Let's say a function takes in some arguments right in this case it takes in arguments right in this case it takes in. Arguments right in this case it takes in a number argument that's a u32 well we a number argument that's a u32 well we. A number argument that's a u32 well we have a nice modal that we can input our have a nice modal that we can input our. Have a nice modal that we can input our number number number um to confirm and that's going to call. Um to confirm and that's going to call um to confirm and that's going to call our function. Our function our function as far as integrating into soribine as far as integrating into soribine. As far as integrating into soribine um there's another nice feature that's um there's another nice feature that's. Um there's another nice feature that's um um um part of the I guess soroban contract. Part of the I guess soroban contract part of the I guess soroban contract specification so when you compile the. Specification so when you compile the specification so when you compile the contract there's. Contract there's contract there's um some amount of that byte code that's um some amount of that byte code that's. Um some amount of that byte code that's compiled allocated for specifications so compiled allocated for specifications so. Compiled allocated for specifications so let's say save something rather save a let's say save something rather save a. Let's say save something rather save a number to The Ledger number to The Ledger number to The Ledger. Okay let's compile this again okay let's compile this again okay let's compile this again. We can see that the modal now we can see that the modal now we can see that the modal now. Incorporates our comment for that incorporates our comment for that incorporates our comment for that. Function to describe what exactly this function to describe what exactly this function to describe what exactly this. Number does or what exactly this number does or what exactly this number does or what exactly this. Function does so we're going to click function does so we're going to click function does so we're going to click. Confirm confirm confirm and uh let's add a another and uh let's add a another and uh let's add a another. Specification here or the docs for this specification here or the docs for this specification here or the docs for this. Function load a number from the layer function load a number from the layer function load a number from the layer. Pile this again pile this again pile this again and uh oh it doesn't take any arguments. And uh oh it doesn't take any arguments and uh oh it doesn't take any arguments it's not going to display that that. It's not going to display that that it's not going to display that that modal that's fine all right let's return. Modal that's fine all right let's return modal that's fine all right let's return. The number the number the number as our first exercise as our first exercise as our first exercise. It's gonna be u32 it's gonna be u32 it's gonna be u32 and uh and uh and uh [Music]. [Music] [Music] 42 42 42 we got 42 in the console here and right we got 42 in the console here and right. We got 42 in the console here and right so now the magic part how do we take the so now the magic part how do we take the. So now the magic part how do we take the number that we provided in our number that we provided in our. Number that we provided in our modal here and put it into uh storage modal here and put it into uh storage. Modal here and put it into uh storage wow wow wow we need a certain key something to. We need a certain key something to we need a certain key something to store it under and for that we're gonna. Store it under and for that we're gonna store it under and for that we're gonna declare a constant. Declare a constant declare a constant and it's going to be a symbol value and it's going to be a symbol value. And it's going to be a symbol value that's why I'm imported symbol and it's that's why I'm imported symbol and it's. That's why I'm imported symbol and it's going to be going to be going to be I'm not original with names under these. I'm not original with names under these I'm not original with names under these circumstances I'm just going to use. Circumstances I'm just going to use circumstances I'm just going to use storage storage. Storage and and and over here we're going to pick the same over here we're going to pick the same. Over here we're going to pick the same environment that we've used before for environment that we've used before for. Environment that we've used before for logging and we're going to reference logging and we're going to reference. Logging and we're going to reference storage okay storage okay storage okay [Music]. [Music] [Music] compile this compile this compile this oh oh oh about the year I was expecting so. About the year I was expecting so about the year I was expecting so storage is a method not a field as we. Storage is a method not a field as we storage is a method not a field as we can see inside of this error message. Can see inside of this error message can see inside of this error message we can go ahead and inspect what exactly. We can go ahead and inspect what exactly we can go ahead and inspect what exactly. Storage is in the documentation and storage is in the documentation and storage is in the documentation and. Um let's see exactly how to use it so we um let's see exactly how to use it so we. Um let's see exactly how to use it so we can see that there is a set function can see that there is a set function. Can see that there is a set function under storage it takes a key and a value under storage it takes a key and a value. Under storage it takes a key and a value okay so with this new knowledge here okay so with this new knowledge here. Okay so with this new knowledge here um since this is a method not a field um since this is a method not a field. Um since this is a method not a field we're going to call This And since we we're going to call This And since we. We're going to call This And since we observe that it has a public function observe that it has a public function. Observe that it has a public function set we're going to call that set set we're going to call that set. Set we're going to call that set function to store what we're storing function to store what we're storing. Function to store what we're storing so we're going to provide storage as the so we're going to provide storage as the. So we're going to provide storage as the key right key right key right and we're going to provide number. And we're going to provide number and we're going to provide number Something That We're storing or the. Something That We're storing or the Something That We're storing or the value of this so save 42. confirm all right. Of this so save 42. confirm all right how do we know that we did store this how do we know that we did store this. How do we know that we did store this correctly well that's why we have this correctly well that's why we have this. Correctly well that's why we have this load function here load function here load function here. And and and how do we retrieve something right we how do we retrieve something right we. How do we retrieve something right we used set to store it how do we retrieve used set to store it how do we retrieve. Used set to store it how do we retrieve it it it well we can go back to the documentation. Well we can go back to the documentation well we can go back to the documentation. Real quick and see that there is a get real quick and see that there is a get real quick and see that there is a get. Function function function associated with storage and it returns associated with storage and it returns. Associated with storage and it returns an option that's a result that an option that's a result that. An option that's a result that potentially has that value potentially has that value. Potentially has that value so there's so there's so there's um you'll see that there's some. Um you'll see that there's some um you'll see that there's some unwrapping that needs to happen. Unwrapping that needs to happen unwrapping that needs to happen oh so we go ahead and reference that. Oh so we go ahead and reference that oh so we go ahead and reference that same storage call that same storage and. Same storage call that same storage and same storage call that same storage and call the get. Call the get call the get method and we want to get the value method and we want to get the value. Method and we want to get the value under storage the the key so what do we under storage the the key so what do we. Under storage the the key so what do we get we get get we get get we get um um um. An error an error an error because we're trying to return a u32 so because we're trying to return a u32 so. Because we're trying to return a u32 so let's return to u32. now we get another let's return to u32. now we get another. Let's return to u32. now we get another area that says um we want to have a u32 but we get an. Um we want to have a u32 but we get an option so whenever we're getting a value option so whenever we're getting a value. Option so whenever we're getting a value from Storage on sorobond any kind of in from Storage on sorobond any kind of in. From Storage on sorobond any kind of in a store buying contract we don't know a store buying contract we don't know. A store buying contract we don't know whether the value is there and we don't whether the value is there and we don't. Whether the value is there and we don't know whether that value is the value know whether that value is the value. Know whether that value is the value that we're going to return in this case that we're going to return in this case. That we're going to return in this case a u32 or it could be a symbol we just a u32 or it could be a symbol we just. A u32 or it could be a symbol we just don't know so we can go ahead and don't know so we can go ahead and. Don't know so we can go ahead and unwrap this unwrap this unwrap this option and see if that works. Option and see if that works option and see if that works well then there's the question of. Well then there's the question of well then there's the question of returning a result so at this point we. Returning a result so at this point we returning a result so at this point we unwrap the option we're sure that. Unwrap the option we're sure that unwrap the option we're sure that there's a value there but we're not sure. There's a value there but we're not sure there's a value there but we're not sure. Whether that value is a u32 value whether that value is a u32 value whether that value is a u32 value. So we can do clever unwrapping here but so we can do clever unwrapping here but so we can do clever unwrapping here but. I'm just going to do a silly unwrapping I'm just going to do a silly unwrapping I'm just going to do a silly unwrapping. So it panics if it's not a u32 and let's so it panics if it's not a u32 and let's. So it panics if it's not a u32 and let's compile this again compile this again compile this again. So let's go ahead and Save so let's go ahead and Save so let's go ahead and Save 111. 111 111 and load okay so we just put a number and load okay so we just put a number. And load okay so we just put a number onto The Ledger under a specific key and onto The Ledger under a specific key and. Onto The Ledger under a specific key and we retrieved that number from The Ledger. We retrieved that number from The Ledger we retrieved that number from The Ledger. We had an experiment with 420 and load we had an experiment with 420 and load we had an experiment with 420 and load. The value do something else it works the value do something else it works the value do something else it works. Okay so there's a complication that I okay so there's a complication that I okay so there's a complication that I. Want to implement here want to implement here want to implement here and it's a little bit different from. And it's a little bit different from and it's a little bit different from what we did during Paris blockchain week. What we did during Paris blockchain week what we did during Paris blockchain week. This is something that uh tolmer told me this is something that uh tolmer told me. This is something that uh tolmer told me to do and so I'm just going to see if to do and so I'm just going to see if. To do and so I'm just going to see if this works if it doesn't well hey this this works if it doesn't well hey this. This works if it doesn't well hey this is a demo these things break is a demo these things break. Is a demo these things break so here's the here's the gist I want to so here's the here's the gist I want to. So here's the here's the gist I want to store a number for a specific account so store a number for a specific account so. Store a number for a specific account so I want to store numbers under accounts I. I want to store numbers under accounts I I want to store numbers under accounts I. Just don't want to store a single number just don't want to store a single number. Just don't want to store a single number I want to store it as many numbers as I I want to store it as many numbers as I. I want to store it as many numbers as I have accounts have accounts have accounts. So we're going to modify this save so we're going to modify this save so we're going to modify this save. Function here a little bit function here a little bit function here a little bit we're going to take in a user. We're going to take in a user we're going to take in a user uh argument or parameter that's called. Uh argument or parameter that's called uh argument or parameter that's called user let's type address so address. User let's type address so address user let's type address so address refers to any valid blocking address on. Refers to any valid blocking address on refers to any valid blocking address on the stellar blockchain. The stellar blockchain the stellar blockchain and then we're going to take in a number. And then we're going to take in a number and then we're going to take in a number. We're going to return the same value we're going to return the same value we're going to return the same value. And let's just see what this does so if and let's just see what this does so if and let's just see what this does so if. If I call Save if I call Save if I call Save I'm greeted with this second field here. I'm greeted with this second field here I'm greeted with this second field here so use oribon you know this modal. So use oribon you know this modal so use oribon you know this modal expands to however many arguments that. Expands to however many arguments that expands to however many arguments that your function takes and there's another. Your function takes and there's another your function takes and there's another cool abstraction here when dealing with. Cool abstraction here when dealing with cool abstraction here when dealing with accounts on the blockchain it can be. Accounts on the blockchain it can be accounts on the blockchain it can be like really tricky for someone just get. Like really tricky for someone just get like really tricky for someone just get getting started right how do I know how. Getting started right how do I know how getting started right how do I know how to generate one do I need the private or. To generate one do I need the private or to generate one do I need the private or. The secret key here the secret key here the secret key here um that's a lot for someone that's you. Um that's a lot for someone that's you um that's a lot for someone that's you know into JavaScript or something so for. Know into JavaScript or something so for know into JavaScript or something so for. That reason you saw a line.app that reason you saw a line.app that reason you saw a line.app. Completely abstracts away completely abstracts away completely abstracts away interactions with accounts by using just. Interactions with accounts by using just interactions with accounts by using just. Regular names so how many users does the regular names so how many users does the. Regular names so how many users does the system have it has three users Alex Bart. System have it has three users Alex Bart system have it has three users Alex Bart. And Cali you can select either one and and Cali you can select either one and and Cali you can select either one and. That in the background abstracts it away that in the background abstracts it away. That in the background abstracts it away into a specific address within the back into a specific address within the back. Into a specific address within the back uh within the current environment which uh within the current environment which. Uh within the current environment which is running in your browser is running in your browser. Is running in your browser all right so we select Alex one so all right so we select Alex one so. All right so we select Alex one so nothing happened really we just you know nothing happened really we just you know. Nothing happened really we just you know have a a parameter that we're calling have a a parameter that we're calling. Have a a parameter that we're calling this function with but we're not using this function with but we're not using. This function with but we're not using it yet so let's try and use this okay so it yet so let's try and use this okay so. It yet so let's try and use this okay so under storage under storage under storage. Instead of putting everything into the instead of putting everything into the instead of putting everything into the. Same same same um key under the same key let's try and um key under the same key let's try and. Um key under the same key let's try and use user okay use user okay use user okay. So let's compile this thing get compiled so let's compile this thing get compiled. So let's compile this thing get compiled and let's call Alex and let's do pen and let's call Alex and let's do pen. And let's call Alex and let's do pen okay okay okay so that sort of kind of worked but how. So that sort of kind of worked but how so that sort of kind of worked but how do we sort of debug this right. Do we sort of debug this right do we sort of debug this right um um um we can we can. We can probably do a log here probably do a log here probably do a log here um although. Um although um although maybe we should just use the load maybe we should just use the load. Maybe we should just use the load function okay I'll just do a little function okay I'll just do a little. Function okay I'll just do a little function here so when loading previously function here so when loading previously. Function here so when loading previously we only had one key and we have any we only had one key and we have any. We only had one key and we have any number of keys that number of keys that number of keys that. Correspond to each user so instead of correspond to each user so instead of correspond to each user so instead of. Using storage we're going to use user here's an experiment so let's we saved here's an experiment so let's we saved. I think we saved I think we saved I think we saved let's save 10 under Alex again so let's. Let's save 10 under Alex again so let's let's save 10 under Alex again so let's load Alex. Load Alex load Alex oh we got a 10. so that worked let's try oh we got a 10. so that worked let's try. Oh we got a 10. so that worked let's try Bart Bart Bart it trapped okay so the Trap means that. It trapped okay so the Trap means that it trapped okay so the Trap means that um the value doesn't exist but we. Um the value doesn't exist but we um the value doesn't exist but we explicitly tell this thing to unwrap. Explicitly tell this thing to unwrap explicitly tell this thing to unwrap unwrap unwrap. Unwrap unwrap unwrap unwrap um not caring about the underlying value um not caring about the underlying value. Um not caring about the underlying value so we can go ahead and sort of so we can go ahead and sort of. So we can go ahead and sort of test this out so here's this log macro test this out so here's this log macro. Test this out so here's this log macro that we used before that we used before that we used before. And uh and uh and uh call this with call this with call this with an arrow just to have some string value. An arrow just to have some string value an arrow just to have some string value in there. In there in there and let's see what that returns [Music] [Music] we probably need to do some matching. We probably need to do some matching we probably need to do some matching here here. Here um um um [Music] foreign foreign [Music] [Music] [Music] type I think I'm going a little over the. Type I think I'm going a little over the type I think I'm going a little over the. The description here but the point being the description here but the point being. The description here but the point being is that we can store values under uh is that we can store values under uh. Is that we can store values under uh whatever key that we want and the key whatever key that we want and the key. Whatever key that we want and the key can be anything in this case I just can be anything in this case I just. Can be anything in this case I just displayed that it can be a specific displayed that it can be a specific. Displayed that it can be a specific address so we'll just go over each user address so we'll just go over each user. Address so we'll just go over each user Alex is going to have 11 Bart is going Alex is going to have 11 Bart is going. Alex is going to have 11 Bart is going to have 22 and uh Cali is going to have to have 22 and uh Cali is going to have. To have 22 and uh Cali is going to have 33. 33. 33. And let's go ahead and check each one so and let's go ahead and check each one so. And let's go ahead and check each one so Alex 11. okay Cali 33 and Bart is 22. so. Alex 11. okay Cali 33 and Bart is 22. so Alex 11. okay Cali 33 and Bart is 22. so. This is much more elegant than what we this is much more elegant than what we this is much more elegant than what we. Had uh during uh Pierce blockchain week had uh during uh Pierce blockchain week had uh during uh Pierce blockchain week. Were you storing uh values under uh were you storing uh values under uh were you storing uh values under uh. Specific usernames thank you Tomer for specific usernames thank you Tomer for specific usernames thank you Tomer for. This suggestion this suggestion this suggestion um and uh sort of the nice deviation. Um and uh sort of the nice deviation um and uh sort of the nice deviation from the from the standard here. From the from the standard here from the from the standard here um all right so that concludes my second. Um all right so that concludes my second um all right so that concludes my second. Demo for uh the soroban state of mind if demo for uh the soroban state of mind if. Demo for uh the soroban state of mind if anyone wants to again experiment with anyone wants to again experiment with. Anyone wants to again experiment with this please tweet me on Twitter at this please tweet me on Twitter at. This please tweet me on Twitter at soribandev and I'll make sure you have soribandev and I'll make sure you have. Soribandev and I'll make sure you have access access access thank you so much Morgan Tyler yeah let. Thank you so much Morgan Tyler yeah let thank you so much Morgan Tyler yeah let me bring Tyler onto stream howdy Tyler. Me bring Tyler onto stream howdy Tyler me bring Tyler onto stream howdy Tyler how are you hello. How are you hello how are you hello all right let's bring up your screen all right let's bring up your screen. All right let's bring up your screen here and nice tell us all about the 100 here and nice tell us all about the 100. Here and nice tell us all about the 100 million dollars two opportunities sounds million dollars two opportunities sounds. Million dollars two opportunities sounds very interesting so I'll let you take it. Very interesting so I'll let you take it very interesting so I'll let you take it. Off yeah don't let me talk about much off yeah don't let me talk about much off yeah don't let me talk about much. They do let me talk about the money they do let me talk about the money they do let me talk about the money. Uh so we've got uh so we've got uh so we've got basically two main opportunities here. Basically two main opportunities here basically two main opportunities here for engaging with sorobon right now so. For engaging with sorobon right now so for engaging with sorobon right now so we're we're in this uh phase between. We're we're in this uh phase between we're we're in this uh phase between um being on the future net moving to. Um being on the future net moving to um being on the future net moving to test net eventually be on mainnet uh. Test net eventually be on mainnet uh test net eventually be on mainnet uh later on this year. Later on this year later on this year um but while we're in this phase of um but while we're in this phase of. Um but while we're in this phase of developing sarabon and really trying to developing sarabon and really trying to. Developing sarabon and really trying to understand how to build it in this understand how to build it in this. Understand how to build it in this malleable stage of solving difficult malleable stage of solving difficult. Malleable stage of solving difficult problems and trying to build the bless problems and trying to build the bless. Problems and trying to build the bless the best uh blockchain smart contract uh the best uh blockchain smart contract uh. The best uh blockchain smart contract uh value transfer protocol in the world value transfer protocol in the world. Value transfer protocol in the world there's some unique opportunities here there's some unique opportunities here. There's some unique opportunities here and I'm going to talk about two and I'm going to talk about two. And I'm going to talk about two inside of this 100 million dollar inside of this 100 million dollar. Inside of this 100 million dollar Adoption Fund that the sdfs put out Adoption Fund that the sdfs put out. Adoption Fund that the sdfs put out um one is the one that I'm responsible um one is the one that I'm responsible. Um one is the one that I'm responsible for and that's fast cheap and out of for and that's fast cheap and out of. For and that's fast cheap and out of control control control um it's kind of a it's primarily an. Um it's kind of a it's primarily an um it's kind of a it's primarily an educational content generation engine. Educational content generation engine educational content generation engine um where you can learn rust smart. Um where you can learn rust smart um where you can learn rust smart contract development. Contract development contract development um how those two things come together um how those two things come together. Um how those two things come together under under the sorobond umbrella under under the sorobond umbrella. Under under the sorobond umbrella um right now it's a it's a game that um right now it's a it's a game that. Um right now it's a it's a game that really takes you through really takes you through. Really takes you through sorobon contract development with the sorobon contract development with the. Sorobon contract development with the with the objective of trying to build with the objective of trying to build. With the objective of trying to build fast contracts cheap contracts and out fast contracts cheap contracts and out. Fast contracts cheap contracts and out of control contracts of control contracts of control contracts. Um um um over the next few months this is uh over the next few months this is uh over the next few months this is uh. We're dropping a little bit of alpha we're dropping a little bit of alpha we're dropping a little bit of alpha. Today we're going to be migrating today we're going to be migrating today we're going to be migrating. Um a lot more attention to fast cheap um a lot more attention to fast cheap um a lot more attention to fast cheap. And out of control for sorobond and out of control for sorobond and out of control for sorobond. Development development development um Stellar Quest is going to become um Stellar Quest is going to become. Um Stellar Quest is going to become really for a vanilla really for a vanilla really for a vanilla. Or if you're on team classic uh classic or if you're on team classic uh classic or if you're on team classic uh classic. Seller seller seller um that's where that education is going um that's where that education is going. Um that's where that education is going to be and then for sorobon related to be and then for sorobon related. To be and then for sorobon related material it'll it'll all be living on material it'll it'll all be living on. Material it'll it'll all be living on Fast cheap and out of control so make Fast cheap and out of control so make. Fast cheap and out of control so make sure to keep an eye out on that and the sure to keep an eye out on that and the. Sure to keep an eye out on that and the second one would be the the Stellar second one would be the the Stellar. Second one would be the the Stellar Community Fund Community Fund Community Fund right so we got our fast Jeep and out of. Right so we got our fast Jeep and out of right so we got our fast Jeep and out of. Control uh that would be your your site control uh that would be your your site control uh that would be your your site. For that for that for that fca00c or ooc I have all the domains fca00c or ooc I have all the domains. Fca00c or ooc I have all the domains um for this and then the second one for um for this and then the second one for. Um for this and then the second one for for the folks that are developing for the folks that are developing. For the folks that are developing protocols or startups wanting to migrate protocols or startups wanting to migrate. Protocols or startups wanting to migrate existing existing existing um D5 protocols Etc over to the sarban. Um D5 protocols Etc over to the sarban um D5 protocols Etc over to the sarban ecosystem the seller Community Fund. Ecosystem the seller Community Fund ecosystem the seller Community Fund uh is the place for you uh We've really. Uh is the place for you uh We've really uh is the place for you uh We've really been optimizing Anka and the team have. Been optimizing Anka and the team have been optimizing Anka and the team have been optimizing the Community Fund for. Been optimizing the Community Fund for been optimizing the Community Fund for um both the the vanilla classic Stellar. Um both the the vanilla classic Stellar um both the the vanilla classic Stellar applications as well as sorobon. Applications as well as sorobon applications as well as sorobon applications so there's a really nice. Applications so there's a really nice applications so there's a really nice clean. Clean clean um process for for getting onto the the um process for for getting onto the the. Um process for for getting onto the the seller Community Fund getting um funding seller Community Fund getting um funding. Seller Community Fund getting um funding for different protocols or experiments for different protocols or experiments. For different protocols or experiments that you might have for that so those that you might have for that so those. That you might have for that so those would be the the two big pieces that I'd would be the the two big pieces that I'd. Would be the the two big pieces that I'd call out again the fast Jeep and out of call out again the fast Jeep and out of. Call out again the fast Jeep and out of control for those who are either new to control for those who are either new to. Control for those who are either new to rust smart contract development even is rust smart contract development even is. Rust smart contract development even is the sorbon ecosystem evolves and grows a the sorbon ecosystem evolves and grows a. The sorbon ecosystem evolves and grows a big gap that I have I have felt as I've big gap that I have I have felt as I've. Big gap that I have I have felt as I've explored the competitive landscape is explored the competitive landscape is. Explored the competitive landscape is not just teaching people how to write not just teaching people how to write. Not just teaching people how to write rust or teaching people how wasm works rust or teaching people how wasm works. Rust or teaching people how wasm works or educating people on D5 protocols or or educating people on D5 protocols or. Or educating people on D5 protocols or amms but really trying to identify where amms but really trying to identify where. Amms but really trying to identify where our vulnerabilities coming from how do our vulnerabilities coming from how do. Our vulnerabilities coming from how do we write good smart contracts how do we we write good smart contracts how do we. We write good smart contracts how do we write safe smart contracts where do write safe smart contracts where do. Write safe smart contracts where do standards come from with someone like standards come from with someone like. Standards come from with someone like where open Zeppelin might have come from where open Zeppelin might have come from. Where open Zeppelin might have come from in the in the ethereum ecosystem trying in the in the ethereum ecosystem trying. In the in the ethereum ecosystem trying to ensure that the contracts that we're to ensure that the contracts that we're. To ensure that the contracts that we're building are are good so building out building are are good so building out. Building are are good so building out games and community events for uh games and community events for uh. Games and community events for uh tackling specific difficult problems so tackling specific difficult problems so. Tackling specific difficult problems so they're able to arrive a good they're able to arrive a good. They're able to arrive a good documentation and standards for writing documentation and standards for writing. Documentation and standards for writing good smart contracts developing a smart good smart contracts developing a smart. Good smart contracts developing a smart contract is very different than contract is very different than. Contract is very different than developing just a standard application developing just a standard application. Developing just a standard application and some of those differences I don't and some of those differences I don't. And some of those differences I don't think we've focused enough on on solving think we've focused enough on on solving. Think we've focused enough on on solving or teaching for especially what the or teaching for especially what the. Or teaching for especially what the fcaoc is is aiming to to solve for and fcaoc is is aiming to to solve for and. Fcaoc is is aiming to to solve for and then the Community Fund for funding then the Community Fund for funding. Then the Community Fund for funding folks that are actually doing uh folks that are actually doing uh. Folks that are actually doing uh application startup application startup application startup. Entrepreneurial type type work entrepreneurial type type work entrepreneurial type type work. Uh so that's those make sure to check uh so that's those make sure to check uh so that's those make sure to check. Those out and I will hand it uh back to those out and I will hand it uh back to those out and I will hand it uh back to. Uh Morgan I believe all right all right sweet sweet sweet I see here Morgan you got um we should. I see here Morgan you got um we should I see here Morgan you got um we should definitely do weekly informal developer. Definitely do weekly informal developer definitely do weekly informal developer workshops I think that would be awesome. Workshops I think that would be awesome workshops I think that would be awesome and I think Matthias is slowly working. And I think Matthias is slowly working and I think Matthias is slowly working on something that he's holding secret. On something that he's holding secret on something that he's holding secret until he does like a heart build the. Until he does like a heart build the until he does like a heart build the beans Matthias I know. Beans Matthias I know beans Matthias I know um do you want me to share a screen here. Um do you want me to share a screen here um do you want me to share a screen here. Morgan Morgan Morgan uh I think we're good um I don't have um uh I think we're good um I don't have um. Uh I think we're good um I don't have um a slide to go with this uh it's just a slide to go with this uh it's just. A slide to go with this uh it's just gonna be my saurabhan story I guess and gonna be my saurabhan story I guess and. Gonna be my saurabhan story I guess and um a little background as well um a little background as well. Um a little background as well um so no slides needed and um so no slides needed and. Um so no slides needed and yeah um by the way very nice shout out yeah um by the way very nice shout out. Yeah um by the way very nice shout out in in the Chinese or free access to in in the Chinese or free access to. In in the Chinese or free access to viewers if you tweet at me on Twitter viewers if you tweet at me on Twitter. Viewers if you tweet at me on Twitter um all right so my story about story so um all right so my story about story so. Um all right so my story about story so my developer story my developer story my developer story. Um going back uh real far uh started as um going back uh real far uh started as um going back uh real far uh started as. A kid with a Fascination uh with a kid with a Fascination uh with a kid with a Fascination uh with. Computers and computers and computers and um I remember I was 14 uh when I wrote um I remember I was 14 uh when I wrote. Um I remember I was 14 uh when I wrote my first line of code my first line of code. My first line of code and for me that was you know that and for me that was you know that. And for me that was you know that experience informed what I was going to experience informed what I was going to. Experience informed what I was going to do from that point onward and I've made do from that point onward and I've made. Do from that point onward and I've made a career out of it in almost 20 years of a career out of it in almost 20 years of. A career out of it in almost 20 years of frustration frustration frustration followed with the joy of seeing. Followed with the joy of seeing followed with the joy of seeing something that you build uh come to life. Something that you build uh come to life something that you build uh come to life. So that's I guess any developers Journey so that's I guess any developers Journey. So that's I guess any developers Journey there there there and the reason I'm sharing the the. And the reason I'm sharing the the and the reason I'm sharing the the frustration with the joy part is because. Frustration with the joy part is because frustration with the joy part is because. I feel this industry and I'm talking I feel this industry and I'm talking I feel this industry and I'm talking. Specifically about the blockchain specifically about the blockchain specifically about the blockchain. Industry uh has not focused enough on industry uh has not focused enough on industry uh has not focused enough on. The joy of building the joy of building the joy of building uh while providing ample frustration and. Uh while providing ample frustration and uh while providing ample frustration and. You can probably see that in your own you can probably see that in your own you can probably see that in your own. Experience there's a lot experience there's a lot experience there's a lot so over the last two years I've tried. So over the last two years I've tried so over the last two years I've tried playing around with a few smart contract. Playing around with a few smart contract playing around with a few smart contract. Uh platforms uh platforms uh platforms spending considerable amount of time spending considerable amount of time. Spending considerable amount of time with uh two of them and in the end I with uh two of them and in the end I. With uh two of them and in the end I felt a little bit like Dorothy from The felt a little bit like Dorothy from The. Felt a little bit like Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz in a conversation with Wizard of Oz in a conversation with. Wizard of Oz in a conversation with Scarecrow and Tin Man trying to find out Scarecrow and Tin Man trying to find out. Scarecrow and Tin Man trying to find out why one had no brain and the other one why one had no brain and the other one. Why one had no brain and the other one had no heart had no heart had no heart and in my frustration I continued. And in my frustration I continued and in my frustration I continued looking looking. Looking for a platform that had both a heart and for a platform that had both a heart and. For a platform that had both a heart and a brain a brain a brain and just last November I found soroban. And just last November I found soroban and just last November I found soroban the first sore bonathon was taking place. The first sore bonathon was taking place the first sore bonathon was taking place. And anuhe was hosting that and it was a and anuhe was hosting that and it was a and anuhe was hosting that and it was a. Beautiful experience on GitHub you log beautiful experience on GitHub you log beautiful experience on GitHub you log. In and you know everybody's in and you know everybody's in and you know everybody's. Um sort of submitting their own ideas um sort of submitting their own ideas um sort of submitting their own ideas. And and thoughts and experiencing the and and thoughts and experiencing the and and thoughts and experiencing the. Joy of of development technology and joy of of development technology and joy of of development technology and. Right yeah um so I I took part in that right yeah um so I I took part in that right yeah um so I I took part in that. I've jumped right on it I've jumped right on it I've jumped right on it um and I found out about soroban in the. Um and I found out about soroban in the um and I found out about soroban in the process I found out about xdr which is. Process I found out about xdr which is process I found out about xdr which is the data format for storing things on. The data format for storing things on the data format for storing things on stellar. Stellar stellar that sorban uses and then I started that sorban uses and then I started. That sorban uses and then I started getting into rust and getting into rust and getting into rust and. Um it's a long journey and doing so um it's a long journey and doing so um it's a long journey and doing so. Without prior experience mind you without prior experience mind you without prior experience mind you. And then lastly was webassembly uh the and then lastly was webassembly uh the and then lastly was webassembly uh the. One of the key building blocks of of one of the key building blocks of of one of the key building blocks of of. Soroban soroban soroban and my first projects were very simple and my first projects were very simple. And my first projects were very simple mostly to do with optimizations of the mostly to do with optimizations of the. Mostly to do with optimizations of the development workflow development workflow development workflow. Um one workflow or another and I made um one workflow or another and I made um one workflow or another and I made. Some submissions along those lines I some submissions along those lines I some submissions along those lines I. Think it was five in total yeah there think it was five in total yeah there think it was five in total yeah there. Were a lot of them actually you were one were a lot of them actually you were one. Were a lot of them actually you were one of our Superstar submitters to of our Superstar submitters to. Of our Superstar submitters to silverwater thought if I recall yeah silverwater thought if I recall yeah. Silverwater thought if I recall yeah um and and it was a blast and and the um and and it was a blast and and the. Um and and it was a blast and and the community on Discord was great in the community on Discord was great in the. Community on Discord was great in the community on GitHub was great people community on GitHub was great people. Community on GitHub was great people were commenting and so forth were commenting and so forth. Were commenting and so forth um so that was a really soft and nice um so that was a really soft and nice. Um so that was a really soft and nice nice introduction to to sort of buying nice introduction to to sort of buying. Nice introduction to to sort of buying and my final project and my final project and my final project. As part of sorbineathon I think I as part of sorbineathon I think I as part of sorbineathon I think I. Submitted it last day submitted it last day submitted it last day um was a browser tool for interacting. Um was a browser tool for interacting um was a browser tool for interacting with the soroban RPC server something. With the soroban RPC server something with the soroban RPC server something that a lot of folks do when interacting. That a lot of folks do when interacting that a lot of folks do when interacting with any kind of blockchain. With any kind of blockchain with any kind of blockchain um you don't go directly to a node. Um you don't go directly to a node um you don't go directly to a node you're running you go to an RPC server. You're running you go to an RPC server you're running you go to an RPC server um for y'all remote procedure call. Um for y'all remote procedure call um for y'all remote procedure call server I remember the https from. Server I remember the https from server I remember the https from Bloomberg Bloomberg. Bloomberg um gotta spell it out so the RPC server um gotta spell it out so the RPC server. Um gotta spell it out so the RPC server thing I wanted to build a great thing I wanted to build a great. Thing I wanted to build a great developer experience for anyone building developer experience for anyone building. Developer experience for anyone building and testing their contracts because and testing their contracts because. And testing their contracts because deploying the contract deploying the contract. Deploying the contract invoking the contract is often tricky if invoking the contract is often tricky if. Invoking the contract is often tricky if you want to do it with arguments and you want to do it with arguments and. You want to do it with arguments and stuff and especially if you're sort of stuff and especially if you're sort of. Stuff and especially if you're sort of coming in from a command line coming in from a command line. Coming in from a command line and in doing that I spent countless and in doing that I spent countless. And in doing that I spent countless hours working on various parts of the hours working on various parts of the. Hours working on various parts of the stack from the wasm executable to the stack from the wasm executable to the. Stack from the wasm executable to the host environment and then it hit me I host environment and then it hit me I. Host environment and then it hit me I realized something realized something realized something. I had everything I needed to build a I had everything I needed to build a I had everything I needed to build a. Self-contained browser environment for self-contained browser environment for self-contained browser environment for. Executing and testing sort of on executing and testing sort of on executing and testing sort of on. Contracts and I just sort of blew my contracts and I just sort of blew my contracts and I just sort of blew my. Mind like I had I had everything I mind like I had I had everything I mind like I had I had everything I. Needed to build the perfect needed to build the perfect needed to build the perfect. Um perfect uh playground experience and um perfect uh playground experience and um perfect uh playground experience and. So seeing how coupling webassembly the so seeing how coupling webassembly the so seeing how coupling webassembly the. Virtual machine together with sorbent virtual machine together with sorbent virtual machine together with sorbent. Host environment specification enabled host environment specification enabled host environment specification enabled. That browser-based developer tool that browser-based developer tool that browser-based developer tool. That I had in mind and many others that that I had in mind and many others that that I had in mind and many others that. You can sort of picture was my aha you can sort of picture was my aha you can sort of picture was my aha. Moment and moment and moment and um I just started working in um I just started working in. Um I just started working in seeing how I could build tools with you seeing how I could build tools with you. Seeing how I could build tools with you know within the browser that required no know within the browser that required no. Know within the browser that required no setup no Docker I'm no fan of like all setup no Docker I'm no fan of like all. Setup no Docker I'm no fan of like all these massive setups that take 10 these massive setups that take 10. These massive setups that take 10 minutes if you're efficient minutes if you're efficient. Minutes if you're efficient um no nothing just sort of log into a um no nothing just sort of log into a. Um no nothing just sort of log into a website and start experiencing sorbine website and start experiencing sorbine. Website and start experiencing sorbine like that and like that and like that and I you know immediately afterwards I. I you know immediately afterwards I I you know immediately afterwards I started building it and. Started building it and started building it and I I started debugging and engaging the. I I started debugging and engaging the I I started debugging and engaging the the community further and. The community further and the community further and um this was I think in February when. Um this was I think in February when um this was I think in February when some of the programs that Tyler. Some of the programs that Tyler some of the programs that Tyler mentioned SCF mentioned SCF. Mentioned SCF um I applied with uh use sorobond.app um I applied with uh use sorobond.app. Um I applied with uh use sorobond.app because at that point it was brewing for because at that point it was brewing for. Because at that point it was brewing for like two months like two months like two months. Um and um and um and I got in and with with the help of uh I got in and with with the help of uh. I got in and with with the help of uh the Community Fund the Community Fund the Community Fund. Um I was able to continue building this um I was able to continue building this um I was able to continue building this. Sort of I I call it the the developer sort of I I call it the the developer sort of I I call it the the developer. Playground of my dreams because it's playground of my dreams because it's playground of my dreams because it's. Everything I ever wanted from a smart everything I ever wanted from a smart everything I ever wanted from a smart. Contract playground contract playground contract playground um and um and um and all of this happened like from scratch. All of this happened like from scratch all of this happened like from scratch to launching a a community-funded uh. To launching a a community-funded uh to launching a a community-funded uh project in less than four months yeah. Project in less than four months yeah project in less than four months yeah like October not even I think it was. Like October not even I think it was like October not even I think it was late November. Late November late November um yeah and then there was a gap in um yeah and then there was a gap in. Um yeah and then there was a gap in December and sort of you know it's like December and sort of you know it's like. December and sort of you know it's like uh light speed so my experience so far uh light speed so my experience so far. Uh light speed so my experience so far has been stellar has been stellar has been stellar. Um and I really really appreciate the um and I really really appreciate the um and I really really appreciate the. Community for community for community for um for allowing me to to go through what. Um for allowing me to to go through what um for allowing me to to go through what. I went through um I went through um I went through um so thumbs up and uh yeah that's my. So thumbs up and uh yeah that's my so thumbs up and uh yeah that's my soroban story that was so wholesome and. Soroban story that was so wholesome and soroban story that was so wholesome and well put Morgan thank you for sharing. Well put Morgan thank you for sharing well put Morgan thank you for sharing that seriously. That seriously that seriously um I think there's a question here about um I think there's a question here about. Um I think there's a question here about youth sorbom where can we make token youth sorbom where can we make token. Youth sorbom where can we make token contracts on new sorbon contracts on new sorbon. Contracts on new sorbon very soon very soon very soon um I will open it up sorry go ahead yeah. Um I will open it up sorry go ahead yeah um I will open it up sorry go ahead yeah. I'll I'll open it up uh next week I'll I'll open it up uh next week I'll I'll open it up uh next week. There's a massive update and I'm working There's a massive update and I'm working. There's a massive update and I'm working on um ever since getting back from from on um ever since getting back from from. On um ever since getting back from from Paris and um stay tuned I'll I'll keep Paris and um stay tuned I'll I'll keep. Paris and um stay tuned I'll I'll keep you guys updated yeah I mean Morgan's you guys updated yeah I mean Morgan's. You guys updated yeah I mean Morgan's all into this y'all just uh clarify I all into this y'all just uh clarify I. All into this y'all just uh clarify I mean here's an awesome office now and mean here's an awesome office now and. Mean here's an awesome office now and he's like set up like an entire space he's like set up like an entire space. He's like set up like an entire space and whatnot it's a whole thing you saw and whatnot it's a whole thing you saw. And whatnot it's a whole thing you saw about is like the next big thing here in about is like the next big thing here in. About is like the next big thing here in the store of on ecosystems you hear you the store of on ecosystems you hear you. The store of on ecosystems you hear you heard it here first heard it here first heard it here first. Um I see there's um I see there's um I see there's um Matthias is saying that I'll blow. Um Matthias is saying that I'll blow um Matthias is saying that I'll blow your mind 2x Morgan thank you sore bomb. Your mind 2x Morgan thank you sore bomb your mind 2x Morgan thank you sore bomb plus test Runner plus Cooperative coding. Plus test Runner plus Cooperative coding plus test Runner plus Cooperative coding. In that Dev environment AKA vs code live in that Dev environment AKA vs code live. In that Dev environment AKA vs code live share there's a lot there's a lot of share there's a lot there's a lot of. Share there's a lot there's a lot of Minds ready to be blown I think in in Minds ready to be blown I think in in. Minds ready to be blown I think in in the next few months there's so much the next few months there's so much. The next few months there's so much Innovation happening in this space Innovation happening in this space. Innovation happening in this space um absolutely I'm so excited thank you um absolutely I'm so excited thank you. Um absolutely I'm so excited thank you for everything that you do for this for everything that you do for this. For everything that you do for this Arbonne ecosystem Morgan so yeah I'm Arbonne ecosystem Morgan so yeah I'm. Arbonne ecosystem Morgan so yeah I'm gonna bring Paul back up on here gonna bring Paul back up on here. Gonna bring Paul back up on here everyone hey everybody hey everybody um right I'm just gonna wrap up here. Um right I'm just gonna wrap up here um right I'm just gonna wrap up here quick quick. Quick um yeah I hope you'll All Join the um yeah I hope you'll All Join the um yeah I hope you'll All Join the. Community uh and we can blow mines community uh and we can blow mines community uh and we can blow mines. Together together together um smart contracts bring a ton of new um smart contracts bring a ton of new. Um smart contracts bring a ton of new Incredible use cases and power and Incredible use cases and power and. Incredible use cases and power and Innovation to stellar all right for me Innovation to stellar all right for me. Innovation to stellar all right for me personally you know it's a hugely personally you know it's a hugely. Personally you know it's a hugely exciting new piece of tech right like exciting new piece of tech right like. Exciting new piece of tech right like what can I say like I'm an engineer uh what can I say like I'm an engineer uh. What can I say like I'm an engineer uh you know I can say that storybond will you know I can say that storybond will. You know I can say that storybond will allow us to bridge the disconnect allow us to bridge the disconnect. Allow us to bridge the disconnect between developers and people on the between developers and people on the. Between developers and people on the fringes of financial inclusion right or fringes of financial inclusion right or. Fringes of financial inclusion right or that there's a lot of chances to learn that there's a lot of chances to learn. That there's a lot of chances to learn Tinker build earn rewards with the Tinker build earn rewards with the. Tinker build earn rewards with the Adoption Fund programs Adoption Fund programs Adoption Fund programs. Um like Morgan's doing um like Morgan's doing um like Morgan's doing but what I will say uh is that I hope. But what I will say uh is that I hope but what I will say uh is that I hope the experimentation we're all doing will. The experimentation we're all doing will the experimentation we're all doing will. Lead to building real businesses real lead to building real businesses real lead to building real businesses real. Projects and real world use cases on projects and real world use cases on projects and real world use cases on. Sorbonne to help further Financial sorbonne to help further Financial sorbonne to help further Financial. Inclusion inclusion inclusion yeah if that gets you going the same way yeah if that gets you going the same way. Yeah if that gets you going the same way it does me then my job's done cool I can. It does me then my job's done cool I can it does me then my job's done cool I can. Go eat dinner go eat dinner go eat dinner um but like seriously you know if you're. Um but like seriously you know if you're um but like seriously you know if you're. Excited about this right you can start excited about this right you can start excited about this right you can start. Experimenting with sorbon right now experimenting with sorbon right now experimenting with sorbon right now. Right right right um it's live running on our experimental um it's live running on our experimental. Um it's live running on our experimental test net called futurenet test net called futurenet. Test net called futurenet and I want to encourage you all to and I want to encourage you all to. And I want to encourage you all to consider how and where you might fit consider how and where you might fit. Consider how and where you might fit into what's coming later this year when into what's coming later this year when. Into what's coming later this year when sorbon launches for real onto Stellar's sorbon launches for real onto Stellar's. Sorbon launches for real onto Stellar's net onto Stellar's mainnet net onto Stellar's mainnet. Net onto Stellar's mainnet um and if I were you yeah start coding um and if I were you yeah start coding. Um and if I were you yeah start coding right check out you serve on tell your right check out you serve on tell your. Right check out you serve on tell your programmer friends to poke around see if programmer friends to poke around see if. Programmer friends to poke around see if it's the right time to take a look at it's the right time to take a look at. It's the right time to take a look at stuller there's a QR code on the screen stuller there's a QR code on the screen. Stuller there's a QR code on the screen that'll take you to soarbon.stellar.org that'll take you to soarbon.stellar.org. That'll take you to soarbon.stellar.org that is the place to go to learn more that is the place to go to learn more. That is the place to go to learn more there's links to everything you need there's links to everything you need. There's links to everything you need there docs uh the Discord uh join the there docs uh the Discord uh join the. There docs uh the Discord uh join the Discord keep up with developments uh all Discord keep up with developments uh all. Discord keep up with developments uh all the devs that are building sorbon every the devs that are building sorbon every. The devs that are building sorbon every day are on there answering your day are on there answering your. Day are on there answering your questions uh yeah thank you so much for questions uh yeah thank you so much for. Questions uh yeah thank you so much for your time I can't wait to see what your time I can't wait to see what. Your time I can't wait to see what you'll build you'll build you'll build back to you new here thank you so much. Back to you new here thank you so much back to you new here thank you so much Paul. Paul Paul um I do want to re-emphasize here the um I do want to re-emphasize here the. Um I do want to re-emphasize here the fact that we are building sorbon out fact that we are building sorbon out. Fact that we are building sorbon out there in the streets as I like to think there in the streets as I like to think. There in the streets as I like to think and not in like some laboratory so and not in like some laboratory so. And not in like some laboratory so everything is out there join the everything is out there join the. Everything is out there join the developer discords be active as Paul had developer discords be active as Paul had. Developer discords be active as Paul had said it best everyone on the stream that. Said it best everyone on the stream that said it best everyone on the stream that. Is watching or will ever come across is is watching or will ever come across is is watching or will ever come across is. You're already part of the Stellar you're already part of the Stellar you're already part of the Stellar. Ecosystem and Community here so come on ecosystem and Community here so come on ecosystem and Community here so come on. Over start building tinkering over start building tinkering over start building tinkering. Um and let's make this a vibrant and um and let's make this a vibrant and um and let's make this a vibrant and. Thriving community of developers so yeah thriving community of developers so yeah. Thriving community of developers so yeah thank you all for joining us on the thank you all for joining us on the. Thank you all for joining us on the stream uh stay tuned and we'll see you stream uh stay tuned and we'll see you. Stream uh stay tuned and we'll see you in the Discord take care bye everyone.
