Hello hello and welcome to the Stellar open protocol and welcome to the Stellar open protocol. And welcome to the Stellar open protocol discussion discussion discussion so for those of you watching at home. so for those of you watching at home so for those of you watching at home I just want to give a quick overview. I just want to give a quick overview I just want to give a quick overview the goal of these meetings is to talk. The goal of these meetings is to talk the goal of these meetings is to talk about and plan for changes to upcoming. About and plan for changes to upcoming about and plan for changes to upcoming versions of the Stellar protocol. Versions of the Stellar protocol versions of the Stellar protocol we go over core advancement proposals or. We go over core advancement proposals or we go over core advancement proposals or. Caps for short caps for short caps for short these are open source specs that these are open source specs that. These are open source specs that describe new features designed to evolve describe new features designed to evolve. Describe new features designed to evolve the protocol to meet ecosystem needs the protocol to meet ecosystem needs. The protocol to meet ecosystem needs all caps begin with a draft and they go all caps begin with a draft and they go. All caps begin with a draft and they go through a rigorous process before through a rigorous process before. Through a rigorous process before they're actually implemented in Stellar they're actually implemented in Stellar. They're actually implemented in Stellar core core core and even then they don't actually hit. And even then they don't actually hit and even then they don't actually hit the network until validators vote to. The network until validators vote to the network until validators vote to upgrade to the new version of the. Upgrade to the new version of the upgrade to the new version of the protocol that implements them. Protocol that implements them protocol that implements them so crucially not all drafts make it. So crucially not all drafts make it so crucially not all drafts make it across the finish line right changes to. Across the finish line right changes to across the finish line right changes to the protocol. The protocol the protocol they require deliberation diligence and they require deliberation diligence and. They require deliberation diligence and meetings like this meetings like this meetings like this. They're just one part in the cap life they're just one part in the cap life they're just one part in the cap life. Cycle so cycle so cycle so today we have two caps to discuss and today we have two caps to discuss and. Today we have two caps to discuss and again these are both again these are both again these are both. Drafts cap 37 and cap 38 drafts cap 37 and cap 38 drafts cap 37 and cap 38. Both of which have the same goal which both of which have the same goal which both of which have the same goal which. Is to introduce automated market makers is to introduce automated market makers is to introduce automated market makers. Or amms for short or amms for short or amms for short at the protocol level so automated. At the protocol level so automated at the protocol level so automated automated market makers are a simple way. Automated market makers are a simple way automated market makers are a simple way. To provide liquidity necessary to provide liquidity necessary to provide liquidity necessary. For asset exchange you may have heard of for asset exchange you may have heard of. For asset exchange you may have heard of things like uniswap things like uniswap things like uniswap. They've shown that automated market they've shown that automated market they've shown that automated market. Makers are effective at providing an makers are effective at providing an makers are effective at providing an. Easy to access liquidity at scale easy to access liquidity at scale easy to access liquidity at scale. They essentially allow for the creation they essentially allow for the creation they essentially allow for the creation. Of liquidity pools which are simple and of liquidity pools which are simple and of liquidity pools which are simple and. Non-interactive non-interactive non-interactive and which can attract large amounts of. And which can attract large amounts of and which can attract large amounts of capital and enable high volumes of. Capital and enable high volumes of capital and enable high volumes of trading trading. Trading so the goal of both these proposals cap so the goal of both these proposals cap. So the goal of both these proposals cap 37 and cap 38 37 and cap 38 37 and cap 38. Is to add automated market makers to is to add automated market makers to is to add automated market makers to. Stellar in order to improve Stellar in order to improve Stellar in order to improve. Overall liquidity on the network they overall liquidity on the network they overall liquidity on the network they. Differ slightly but that differ slightly but that differ slightly but that they have the same goal so two things. They have the same goal so two things they have the same goal so two things before we start. Before we start before we start one this is a technical discussion very one this is a technical discussion very. One this is a technical discussion very technical so if you want to follow along technical so if you want to follow along. Technical so if you want to follow along I suggest that you read the caps and the. I suggest that you read the caps and the I suggest that you read the caps and the. Recent developer mailing list threads recent developer mailing list threads recent developer mailing list threads. About them about them about them both of which are linked to in the event both of which are linked to in the event. Both of which are linked to in the event description two description two description two. Amms are a big topic and the goal today amms are a big topic and the goal today amms are a big topic and the goal today. Is not to get to the end of the is not to get to the end of the is not to get to the end of the. Discussion about them discussion about them discussion about them rather we're just beginning the. Rather we're just beginning the rather we're just beginning the discussion so we'll start to bring key. Discussion so we'll start to bring key discussion so we'll start to bring key questions about these proposals to light. Questions about these proposals to light questions about these proposals to light. So that the discussion and debate can so that the discussion and debate can so that the discussion and debate can. Continue on the Stellar developers continue on the Stellar developers continue on the Stellar developers. Google group google group google group just getting started that group is open just getting started that group is open. Just getting started that group is open participation which means that if you participation which means that if you. Participation which means that if you have an opinion or some great insight have an opinion or some great insight. Have an opinion or some great insight about amms to share about amms to share about amms to share. You too can join in just follow the link you too can join in just follow the link. You too can join in just follow the link in the event description all right in the event description all right. In the event description all right without further ado let us start to talk without further ado let us start to talk. Without further ado let us start to talk about amn so again we have these two about amn so again we have these two. About amn so again we have these two proposals but they have a lot of proposals but they have a lot of. Proposals but they have a lot of questions questions questions in common and then they also have. in common and then they also have in common and then they also have some differences and we're sort of going. Some differences and we're sort of going some differences and we're sort of going. To get into both today to get into both today to get into both today and the first sort of topic that we. And the first sort of topic that we and the first sort of topic that we wanted to talk about was. Wanted to talk about was wanted to talk about was a question about reserve requirement and. A question about reserve requirement and a question about reserve requirement and. How it works in each of these caps so how it works in each of these caps so how it works in each of these caps so. Cap 37 cap 37 cap 37 has the pool creator the person who has the pool creator the person who. Has the pool creator the person who creates the liquidity pool creates the liquidity pool. Creates the liquidity pool paid for the pool ledger entry and paid for the pool ledger entry and. Paid for the pool ledger entry and cap 38 does not increase cap 38 does not increase. Cap 38 does not increase the reserve requirement so I guess the the reserve requirement so I guess the. The reserve requirement so I guess the first question is first question is first question is. Which model is better is there any which model is better is there any which model is better is there any. Concern about concern about concern about either model so reserve requirements well this isn't very deep but it's. Well this isn't very deep but it's easier to reduce reserve requirements easier to reduce reserve requirements. Easier to reduce reserve requirements than than than increase them so you know if. Increase them so you know if increase them so you know if if there's doubt I guess it'd be more. If there's doubt I guess it'd be more if there's doubt I guess it'd be more conservative to. Conservative to conservative to to have the reserve requirement to have the reserve requirement. To have the reserve requirement initially maybe we can go over the motivation for. Maybe we can go over the motivation for not having reserve requirements because not having reserve requirements because. Not having reserve requirements because most ledger entries do most ledger entries do . Most ledger entries do yeah I can sound just kind of weird yeah I can sound just kind of weird. Yeah I can sound just kind of weird anyway anyway anyway so in cat 38 that that version of the. So in cat 38 that that version of the so in cat 38 that that version of the proposal does not. Proposal does not proposal does not have the reserve requirement and the the have the reserve requirement and the the. Have the reserve requirement and the the main motivation is basically main motivation is basically. Main motivation is basically it's it's not remotely obvious who it's it's not remotely obvious who. it's it's not remotely obvious who should own this thing in the first place should own this thing in the first place. Should own this thing in the first place like why should like why should like why should. Any given account be responsible for any given account be responsible for any given account be responsible for. Paying this which is you know it can't paying this which is you know it can't paying this which is you know it can't. Be used by a single person in the first be used by a single person in the first be used by a single person in the first. Place place place intrinsically a multi-party thing intrinsically a multi-party thing. Intrinsically a multi-party thing and being the person who created it and being the person who created it. And being the person who created it isn't necessarily a meaningful concept isn't necessarily a meaningful concept. Isn't necessarily a meaningful concept but more importantly it's not that but more importantly it's not that. But more importantly it's not that there's no reserve requirement at all there's no reserve requirement at all. There's no reserve requirement at all because the pool can't exist if there because the pool can't exist if there. Because the pool can't exist if there isn't at least one isn't at least one isn't at least one. Trust line for the pool trust line for the pool trust line for the pool for the pool share I should say so. for the pool share I should say so for the pool share I should say so. Basically basically basically it's kind of like you get it like you it's kind of like you get it like you. It's kind of like you get it like you know when you're the first person to know when you're the first person to. Know when you're the first person to create the pool create the pool create the pool. You get it like half off you basically you get it like half off you basically you get it like half off you basically. Get two entries for the price of one get two entries for the price of one get two entries for the price of one. but then you know if there were a but then you know if there were a but then you know if there were a. Thousand people using the pool it would thousand people using the pool it would thousand people using the pool it would. Actually be like a thousand people actually be like a thousand people actually be like a thousand people. Paying a reserve for one single entry paying a reserve for one single entry paying a reserve for one single entry. or if there were you know ten or if there were you know ten or if there were you know ten. Thousand people would be even more more thousand people would be even more more thousand people would be even more more. Like that like that like that so that's kind of the way that I see so that's kind of the way that I see. So that's kind of the way that I see this motivation this motivation this motivation. All right so there's no way to abuse all right so there's no way to abuse all right so there's no way to abuse. This because you can't just create an this because you can't just create an. This because you can't just create an infinite number of these you'll need infinite number of these you'll need. Infinite number of these you'll need infinite number of trust lines as well so so in other words basically the trust. So so in other words basically the trust line it sort of serves as the reserve line it sort of serves as the reserve. Line it sort of serves as the reserve requirement rather than creating a new requirement rather than creating a new. Requirement rather than creating a new reserve requirement specific to a reserve requirement specific to a. Reserve requirement specific to a liquidity pool liquidity pool liquidity pool right that's a pretty good explanation. Right that's a pretty good explanation right that's a pretty good explanation of it yeah. I mean I think like I mean that's a I mean I think like I mean that's a reasonable explanation. Reasonable explanation reasonable explanation yeah so it'd be a bummer if we changed our minds. It'd be a bummer if we changed our minds but yeah and later but yeah and later but yeah and later. Wanted to like increase it but that does wanted to like increase it but that does. Wanted to like increase it but that does seem reasonable I mean if that's the case maybe we're. I mean if that's the case maybe we're done talking about reserve requirements done talking about reserve requirements. Done talking about reserve requirements like does anyone have anything else like does anyone have anything else. Like does anyone have anything else to to to say about them yeah we sort of to to to say about them yeah we sort of. To to to say about them yeah we sort of started with the easiest topic started with the easiest topic. Started with the easiest topic just to warm up so if that one's that just to warm up so if that one's that. Just to warm up so if that one's that easy and we can move on easy and we can move on. Easy and we can move on I guess like maybe so the reason I guess like maybe so the reason i. I guess like maybe so the reason I added that question in the first place added that question in the first place. Added that question in the first place was because was because was because it was more like thinking for. it was more like thinking for it was more like thinking for like like they are . Like like they are like like they are potentially very large potentially very large. Potentially very large I mean the the I mean the the I mean the the pool basically to describe it you need. Pool basically to describe it you need pool basically to describe it you need to to. To basically describe you know what which basically describe you know what which basically describe you know what which. Assets are assets are assets are part of that pool right now we're part of that pool right now we're. Part of that pool right now we're only discussing concern products only discussing concern products. Only discussing concern products as part of this but you can imagine as part of this but you can imagine. As part of this but you can imagine having a lot more complicated type of having a lot more complicated type of. Having a lot more complicated type of pools pools pools so maybe the the amount of data that is tied to this. The amount of data that is tied to this one pool one pool one pool could be much larger than what we are. Could be much larger than what we are could be much larger than what we are talking about now. Talking about now talking about now for example I think in the for example I think in the . for example I think in the I think compound type of world they I think compound type of world they. I think compound type of world they have like multi assets have like multi assets. Have like multi assets like more than two assets actually in like more than two assets actually in. Like more than two assets actually in your pool your pool your pool and I think in if you have like kings. And I think in if you have like kings and I think in if you have like kings. Or v3 type of stuff or v3 type of stuff or v3 type of stuff yeah now you have like those bitmaps. yeah now you have like those bitmaps yeah now you have like those bitmaps that are in there as well. That are in there as well that are in there as well I mean like the the cost of that becomes. I mean like the the cost of that becomes I mean like the the cost of that becomes. Much larger so I don't know much larger so I don't know much larger so I don't know. You know is it does that count really you know is it does that count really you know is it does that count really. Just as a single just as a single just as a single single ledger entry or do we need to do. Single ledger entry or do we need to do single ledger entry or do we need to do something better. Something better something better if we if right now we make it if we if right now we make it. if we if right now we make it basically implicitly basically implicitly basically implicitly. Attached to a truss line we're kind of attached to a truss line we're kind of attached to a truss line we're kind of. Stuck with that model forever stuck with that model forever stuck with that model forever. as opposed to maybe if it had if it as opposed to maybe if it had if it as opposed to maybe if it had if it. Was separate we could imagine okay if we was separate we could imagine okay if we. Was separate we could imagine okay if we change our mind and it has to be more change our mind and it has to be more. Change our mind and it has to be more expensive because you know those things expensive because you know those things. Expensive because you know those things are gigantic are gigantic are gigantic we can you know we have that as a. we can you know we have that as a we can you know we have that as a a separate thing but maybe maybe that. A separate thing but maybe maybe that a separate thing but maybe maybe that that's fun because. That's fun because that's fun because yeah the creator like we can maybe yeah the creator like we can maybe. Yeah the creator like we can maybe give the first trust line free or give the first trust line free or. Give the first trust line free or something I mean kind of equivalent something I mean kind of equivalent. Something I mean kind of equivalent right like as part of this right like as part of this. Right like as part of this I mean the thing is like there shouldn't I mean the thing is like there shouldn't. I mean the thing is like there shouldn't be like a gazillion of these things be like a gazillion of these things. Be like a gazillion of these things right right right so if it turns out that you know I mean. So if it turns out that you know I mean so if it turns out that you know I mean I can imagine. I can imagine I can imagine going forward that it turns out that going forward that it turns out that. Going forward that it turns out that there's any number of things like it there's any number of things like it. There's any number of things like it might turn out that we really only want might turn out that we really only want. Might turn out that we really only want a few hundred of these liquidity a few hundred of these liquidity. A few hundred of these liquidity pools in the network and so pools in the network and so. Pools in the network and so we would turn it into like an auction to we would turn it into like an auction to. We would turn it into like an auction to see like which asset pairs are like you see like which asset pairs are like you. See like which asset pairs are like you know worthy of of having the automated know worthy of of having the automated. Know worthy of of having the automated market maker or you know or it's just market maker or you know or it's just. Market maker or you know or it's just kind of kind of kind of the thing is even if it costs like 100. The thing is even if it costs like 100 the thing is even if it costs like 100 lumens to create one of these things. Lumens to create one of these things lumens to create one of these things it just wouldn't be that big a deal. It just wouldn't be that big a deal it just wouldn't be that big a deal because that if it's actually a useful. Because that if it's actually a useful because that if it's actually a useful liquidity pool that cost would be. Liquidity pool that cost would be liquidity pool that cost would be amortized over. Amortized over amortized over a large number of users so I guess a large number of users so I guess. A large number of users so I guess it doesn't seem like it really matters it doesn't seem like it really matters. It doesn't seem like it really matters because I guess we could also say because I guess we could also say. because I guess we could also say later on like hey later on like hey later on like hey. Price just went up but will grandfather price just went up but will grandfather price just went up but will grandfather. In the existing liquidity pools or in the existing liquidity pools or in the existing liquidity pools or. Something something something so what happens what happens to the pool so what happens what happens to the pool. So what happens what happens to the pool when the last trust line when the last trust line. When the last trust line disappears I think in both proposals disappears I think in both proposals. Disappears I think in both proposals it's supposed to be automatically it's supposed to be automatically. It's supposed to be automatically removed removed removed I'm just wondering if there's some kind. I'm just wondering if there's some kind I'm just wondering if there's some kind of spammy edge case where. Of spammy edge case where of spammy edge case where people create and destroy trust lines. People create and destroy trust lines people create and destroy trust lines quickly to get some kind of. Quickly to get some kind of quickly to get some kind of ephemeral pull advantage I mean I guess it could but like the. I mean I guess it could but like the nature of the pool it's not really nature of the pool it's not really. Nature of the pool it's not really useful if it's not sitting around useful if it's not sitting around. Useful if it's not sitting around right so and you you can't be a participant in and you you can't be a participant in. The pool if your the pool if your the pool if your trust line doesn't exist because you. Trust line doesn't exist because you trust line doesn't exist because you wouldn't be able to hold the shares so i. Wouldn't be able to hold the shares so I wouldn't be able to hold the shares so i. It's hard to see how you could get value it's hard to see how you could get value. It's hard to see how you could get value from that from that from that I do think that like nikola has a good. I do think that like nikola has a good I do think that like nikola has a good point about the. Point about the point about the the multi-asset pools you know like the multi-asset pools you know like. The multi-asset pools you know like balancer type pools and I think in in that kind of a setting. And I think in in that kind of a setting we could always say you know like we could always say you know like. we could always say you know like okay well we're gonna charge fees for okay well we're gonna charge fees for . Okay well we're gonna charge fees for charge reserves for those types of pools. Charge reserves for those types of pools charge reserves for those types of pools. But not for these types you know but not for these types you know but not for these types you know. I think there's a lot of flexibility I think there's a lot of flexibility I think there's a lot of flexibility . You know we already have a mechanism you know we already have a mechanism you know we already have a mechanism. By which we can do this which is by which we can do this which is by which we can do this which is. Sponsorship so we wouldn't have to sponsorship so we wouldn't have to sponsorship so we wouldn't have to. Invent anything new invent anything new invent anything new it's just a matter of like do we think. It's just a matter of like do we think it's just a matter of like do we think that that's even necessary at this point. That that's even necessary at this point that that's even necessary at this point. For me the answer's like probably no I mean like if we to me yeah I agree I mean like if we to me yeah I agree. That right now we don't need it that right now we don't need it that right now we don't need it. It's more like are we is it possible to it's more like are we is it possible to it's more like are we is it possible to. Add it later if we have to if we don't if we're not careful if we don't if we're not careful. Basically basically basically because in the capital eight world because in the capital eight world. Because in the capital eight world I guess we would have to force people to I guess we would have to force people to. I guess we would have to force people to    wrap their trust land creation with some. Wrap their trust land creation with some wrap their trust land creation with some. Sort of like sponsorship sort of like sponsorship sort of like sponsorship thing or maybe responsible by default i. Thing or maybe responsible by default I thing or maybe responsible by default I don't know yeah maybe that. Don't know yeah maybe that don't know yeah maybe that maybe that's fine it just changes the. Maybe that's fine it just changes the maybe that's fine it just changes the cost of. Cost of cost of creating a trustline so maybe that's creating a trustline so maybe that's. creating a trustline so maybe that's okay I mean what would what would the okay I mean what would what would the. Okay I mean what would what would the change change change look like like in general I'm not a fan. Look like like in general I'm not a fan look like like in general I'm not a fan of complicating today's thing because of. Of complicating today's thing because of of complicating today's thing because of. Potentially tomorrow but you want to potentially tomorrow but you want to potentially tomorrow but you want to. Like like like add like one field to the operation add like one field to the operation. Add like one field to the operation that's like the extra fee for that's like the extra fee for. That's like the extra fee for creating the trust line or the extra creating the trust line or the extra. Creating the trust line or the extra reserve for creating the trust line or reserve for creating the trust line or. Reserve for creating the trust line or something something something I think we should just be on type so i. I think we should just be on type so I think we should just be on type so I think it wouldn't actually change the. Think it wouldn't actually change the think it wouldn't actually change the contract. Contract contract so it's actually fine yeah like we ever so it's actually fine yeah like we ever. So it's actually fine yeah like we ever have a new type of of of pools that have a new type of of of pools that. Have a new type of of of pools that are like those are like those are like those. Gigantic things and we believe that they gigantic things and we believe that they. Gigantic things and we believe that they you know there should be no free riding you know there should be no free riding. You know there should be no free riding on this on this on this then we can always add like this. then we can always add like this then we can always add like this like those would be sponsored. like those would be sponsored like those would be sponsored basically instead of right now they. Basically instead of right now they basically instead of right now they would would. Would like the I mean right now you have the like the I mean right now you have the. Like the I mean right now you have the field that allows them to be sponsored field that allows them to be sponsored. Field that allows them to be sponsored except we don't use it all right I think we can move on okay so. All right I think we can move on okay so the next question is about the next question is about. The next question is about dex integration which I think is a dex integration which I think is a. Dex integration which I think is a bigger bigger question so bigger bigger question so. Bigger bigger question so both proposals give access to liquidity both proposals give access to liquidity. Both proposals give access to liquidity from both pools and the decks but they from both pools and the decks but they. From both pools and the decks but they they vary in their approach they vary in their approach . They vary in their approach john will you just walk us through the john will you just walk us through the. John will you just walk us through the difference between cap 37 and cap 38 in difference between cap 37 and cap 38 in. Difference between cap 37 and cap 38 in their approaches to their approaches to their approaches to. Dex integration sure thanks dex integration sure thanks dex integration sure thanks. so basically basically so basically basically so basically basically. Both of them put the access to both of them put the access to both of them put the access to. Trading with liquidity pools or trading with liquidity pools or trading with liquidity pools or. Automated market makers automated market makers automated market makers inside of path payment and that's the. Inside of path payment and that's the inside of path payment and that's the only access point to this functionality. Only access point to this functionality only access point to this functionality there is no like trade only with an. there is no like trade only with an there is no like trade only with an trade only with the order broker. trade only with the order broker trade only with the order broker trade only with the amm. Trade only with the amm trade only with the amm it's just one operation which is more. it's just one operation which is more it's just one operation which is more. Like trade like trade like trade now the the difference in how these now the the difference in how these. now the the difference in how these work work work is that in cap 37 OrbitLens proposal. Is that in cap 37 OrbitLens proposal is that in cap 37 OrbitLens proposal like the idea is that you're going to. Like the idea is that you're going to like the idea is that you're going to try to always get the best price. Try to always get the best price try to always get the best price so you might imagine a situation where. So you might imagine a situation where so you might imagine a situation where like the you know you have. Like the you know you have like the you know you have let's say you have an order and the. Let's say you have an order and the let's say you have an order and the price is at like a hundred dollars or. Price is at like a hundred dollars or price is at like a hundred dollars or something. Something something for whatever you're trying to buy and for whatever you're trying to buy and. For whatever you're trying to buy and like the marginal price on the amn is at like the marginal price on the amn is at. Like the marginal price on the amn is at 95 95 95 right now but the amm has like really. Right now but the amm has like really right now but the amm has like really really small reserves. Really small reserves really small reserves so you might say like okay well first. So you might say like okay well first so you might say like okay well first I'm gonna trade against the amm. I'm gonna trade against the amm I'm gonna trade against the amm until the price hits a hundred dollars. Until the price hits a hundred dollars until the price hits a hundred dollars then. Then then i'll go and cross the order book and i'll go and cross the order book and. I'll go and cross the order book and take that first order take that first order take that first order. And then you know now I'm going to now and then you know now I'm going to now and then you know now I'm going to now. The next price is at 105 and so I'm the next price is at 105 and so I'm the next price is at 105 and so I'm. Going to trade against the am until it going to trade against the am until it going to trade against the am until it. Goes to 105 etc and you do both goes to 105 etc and you do both goes to 105 etc and you do both. Stepping back and forth between the two stepping back and forth between the two stepping back and forth between the two. depending on which one gives you the depending on which one gives you the. Depending on which one gives you the best margin price best margin price best margin price. In cap 38 to kind of avoid that in cap 38 to kind of avoid that in cap 38 to kind of avoid that. Complexity complexity complexity the approach is basically just what the approach is basically just what. the approach is basically just what if I what if I took the entire trade if I what if I took the entire trade. If I what if I took the entire trade against the amm against the amm against the amm. Or what if I took the entire trade or what if I took the entire trade or what if I took the entire trade. Against the order book and just against the order book and just against the order book and just. Give you whichever of those two produces give you whichever of those two produces. Give you whichever of those two produces the best price so you would never do the best price so you would never do. The best price so you would never do like like like some amn and some order book it would. Some amn and some order book it would some amn and some order book it would either be all order book. Either be all order book either be all order book oil a m sorry best price or best volume. Oil a m sorry best price or best volume oil a m sorry best price or best volume so even if the volume is tiny you would. So even if the volume is tiny you would so even if the volume is tiny you would take it. Take it take it so I'm saying best price in the context so I'm saying best price in the context. So I'm saying best price in the context of like imagine that I'm trying to of like imagine that I'm trying to. Of like imagine that I'm trying to trade a specified amount like I wanna trade a specified amount like I wanna. Trade a specified amount like I wanna I wanna you know buy three thousand I wanna you know buy three thousand. I wanna you know buy three thousand widgets or something widgets or something widgets or something. I'm gonna do whatever it takes to get I'm gonna do whatever it takes to get. I'm gonna do whatever it takes to get the best price for those three thousand the best price for those three thousand. The best price for those three thousand widgets widgets widgets if I can't get 3 000 widgets on one of. If I can't get 3 000 widgets on one of if I can't get 3 000 widgets on one of the two options then. The two options then the two options then that's not an option wait sorry so that's not an option wait sorry so. that's not an option wait sorry so it's they're all or nothing it's they're all or nothing. It's they're all or nothing now oh I see yeah because that's working now oh I see yeah because that's working. Now oh I see yeah because that's working that's right that's right okay that's right that's right okay. That's right that's right okay but so in in the cap 37 example where it but so in in the cap 37 example where it. But so in in the cap 37 example where it always tries to get the best price and always tries to get the best price and. Always tries to get the best price and may may may may execute part of it on it via the amm. May execute part of it on it via the amm may execute part of it on it via the amm. And part of it via the order book what and part of it via the order book what and part of it via the order book what. Does it do it does it do it does it do it it splits the amount that you want into. It splits the amount that you want into it splits the amount that you want into a bunch of different path payments. I guess I mean it's kind of hard to I guess I mean it's kind of hard to explain what it does at like an. Explain what it does at like an explain what it does at like an implementation level but it. Implementation level but it implementation level but it it's all it's like still going to come. It's all it's like still going to come it's all it's like still going to come through as a single operation. Through as a single operation through as a single operation and just inside the implementation it's. And just inside the implementation it's and just inside the implementation it's going to know to you know kind of do. Going to know to you know kind of do going to know to you know kind of do this incremental approach. This incremental approach this incremental approach so it's completely invisible to the user. So it's completely invisible to the user so it's completely invisible to the user. Right right right and so so in both proposals can you and so so in both proposals can you. And so so in both proposals can you have arbitrage have arbitrage have arbitrage. Opportunities between the order book and opportunities between the order book and. Opportunities between the order book and the amm so in the cap37 proposal there are no. So in the cap37 proposal there are no arbitrage opportunities between the two arbitrage opportunities between the two. Arbitrage opportunities between the two because they get resolved automatically because they get resolved automatically. Because they get resolved automatically as you trade as you trade as you trade in the cap38 proposal there can be but. In the cap38 proposal there can be but in the cap38 proposal there can be but the reality is that with like. The reality is that with like the reality is that with like spreads as wide as they are on the order. Spreads as wide as they are on the order spreads as wide as they are on the order. Book today book today book today if there were ever a situation where if there were ever a situation where. If there were ever a situation where there was an arbitrage opportunity there was an arbitrage opportunity. There was an arbitrage opportunity between the between the between the amm and the order book there would also. Amm and the order book there would also amm and the order book there would also be an arbitrage opportunity. Be an arbitrage opportunity be an arbitrage opportunity between the amm and any external order. Between the amm and any external order between the amm and any external order book for the same product. Book for the same product book for the same product probably I mean like I can't I can't. Probably I mean like I can't I can't probably I mean like I can't I can't give you 100 guarantee on that but you. Give you 100 guarantee on that but you give you 100 guarantee on that but you know I think. Know I think know I think it's pretty common to have like it's pretty common to have like. it's pretty common to have like spreads on the order book today spreads on the order book today. Spreads on the order book today greater than half percent so I would greater than half percent so I would. Greater than half percent so I would think that think that think that you know if you're looking at any more. You know if you're looking at any more you know if you're looking at any more liquid place in the world that would. Liquid place in the world that would liquid place in the world that would probably get you into an arbitrage. Probably get you into an arbitrage probably get you into an arbitrage universe there. Universe there universe there first with the cap37 implementation would it with the cap37 implementation would it. Be possible to be possible to be possible to to build an attack where you constantly. To build an attack where you constantly to build an attack where you constantly switch between the order book and the. Switch between the order book and the switch between the order book and the pool pool. Pool like a with a single path name like is like a with a single path name like is. Like a with a single path name like is that a concern what what kind of it like what would. What what kind of it like what would this attack do exactly right this attack do exactly right. This attack do exactly right it would take the minimum amount from it would take the minimum amount from. It would take the minimum amount from the pool and it decides that the order the pool and it decides that the order. The pool and it decides that the order book has the next best price book has the next best price. Book has the next best price and then after that it would switch back and then after that it would switch back. And then after that it would switch back to the pool and just keep going back and. To the pool and just keep going back and to the pool and just keep going back and. Forth forth forth while in cap 38 you would just choose while in cap 38 you would just choose. While in cap 38 you would just choose one or the other right do you see what one or the other right do you see what. One or the other right do you see what I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying so this is I mean like there can only in. So this is I mean like there can only in so this is I mean like there can only in. The world where there's exactly one the world where there's exactly one the world where there's exactly one. Order book order book order book and exactly one amm there can only be as and exactly one amm there can only be as. And exactly one amm there can only be as many switches as there are offers many switches as there are offers. Many switches as there are offers in the worst case so like if there's 10 000 offers there. So like if there's 10 000 offers there could be ten thousand switches but there could be ten thousand switches but there. Could be ten thousand switches but there couldn't be twenty thousand that would couldn't be twenty thousand that would. Couldn't be twenty thousand that would be impossible does that make sense do I need to. Does that make sense do I need to convince you of that I could no I think convince you of that I could no I think. Convince you of that I could no I think that makes sense that makes sense that makes sense. Okay yeah the worst case behavior okay yeah the worst case behavior okay yeah the worst case behavior. Is to dex not you know is to dex not you know is to dex not you know that's always the answer one comment i. That's always the answer one comment I that's always the answer one comment I have is that whatever we implement in. Have is that whatever we implement in have is that whatever we implement in core we have to be able to model it. Core we have to be able to model it core we have to be able to model it outside of core. Outside of core outside of core like horizon has to be able to calculate like horizon has to be able to calculate. Like horizon has to be able to calculate the same thing to give you the same thing to give you. The same thing to give you the best path payment and presumably the best path payment and presumably. The best path payment and presumably third parties would also want to do that third parties would also want to do that. Third parties would also want to do that so so so we should bear that in mind like it. We should bear that in mind like it we should bear that in mind like it can't be completely opaque. What do people kind of feel about what's what do people kind of feel about what's. The the the good approach here I think one one important question here I think one one important question here. Is like cap is like cap is like cap 37 seems to suggest that the dex suggest that the dex. Is a valuable thing and should be is a valuable thing and should be is a valuable thing and should be. Maintained and the markets will be maintained and the markets will be maintained and the markets will be. Maintained alongside because maintained alongside because maintained alongside because. If the if if everything just migrates to if the if if everything just migrates to. If the if if everything just migrates to the automatic market makers the automatic market makers. The automatic market makers then have this like complexity of then have this like complexity of. Then have this like complexity of interleaving requests of no leaving interleaving requests of no leaving. Interleaving requests of no leaving offers offers offers seems to be like doesn't make sense. Seems to be like doesn't make sense seems to be like doesn't make sense right so the question is like. Right so the question is like right so the question is like do we think that the ecosystem is going. Do we think that the ecosystem is going do we think that the ecosystem is going to migrate. To migrate to migrate like are we are there use cases that like are we are there use cases that. like are we are there use cases that automatic market makers are not automatic market makers are not. Automatic market makers are not providing a good solution for as much as providing a good solution for as much as. Providing a good solution for as much as the dex is I think there are but the dex is I think there are but. The dex is I think there are but it'll probably be per asset pair it'll probably be per asset pair. It'll probably be per asset pair anywhere like if I had to predict I anywhere like if I had to predict i. Anywhere like if I had to predict I would say that would say that would say that for you know if I want to like you know. For you know if I want to like you know for you know if I want to like you know do an ipo of my company on Stellar. Do an ipo of my company on Stellar do an ipo of my company on Stellar I'm gonna just basically like put the. I'm gonna just basically like put the I'm gonna just basically like put the order book there I mean it'll be offer. Order book there I mean it'll be offer order book there I mean it'll be offer my shares for sale like on the order. My shares for sale like on the order my shares for sale like on the order book or something right. Book or something right book or something right and if I'm trying to do like forex. and if I'm trying to do like forex and if I'm trying to do like forex exchanges or whatever then. Exchanges or whatever then exchanges or whatever then probably the the probably the the . Probably the the probably the the amm is going to be best probably the the amm is going to be best. Probably the the amm is going to be best so so so it it seems unfortunate that kind of. It it seems unfortunate that kind of it it seems unfortunate that kind of like like. Like the more intermingling of these the more intermingling of these the more intermingling of these. Abstractions the harder it's going to be abstractions the harder it's going to be. Abstractions the harder it's going to be to like you know improve each individual. To like you know improve each individual to like you know improve each individual. One in the future the more complexity one in the future the more complexity one in the future the more complexity. There's going to be and it's not there's going to be and it's not there's going to be and it's not. Clear what the payoff is going to be clear what the payoff is going to be clear what the payoff is going to be. The market will do better with the market will do better with the market will do better with. Impermanent loss right so when there's impermanent loss right so when there's impermanent loss right so when there's. Knowledge knowledge knowledge outside of the blockchain outside of the blockchain. Outside of the blockchain the market will take advantage of it the market will take advantage of it. The market will take advantage of it much more effectively than the amm much more effectively than the amm. Much more effectively than the amm yep seems like an argument to have it yep seems like an argument to have it. Yep seems like an argument to have it you know I'm not saying get rid of the you know I'm not saying get rid of the. You know I'm not saying get rid of the the existing decks I'm just saying the existing decks I'm just saying. The existing decks I'm just saying you know have have both but don't you know have have both but don't. You know have have both but don't have them have them have them terribly intermingled like they sort of. Terribly intermingled like they sort of terribly intermingled like they sort of ideally improvements to the mm don't. ideally improvements to the mm don't ideally improvements to the mm don't need to like you know change the logic. Need to like you know change the logic need to like you know change the logic of the order book. Of the order book of the order book as you know as much as possible and vice as you know as much as possible and vice. As you know as much as possible and vice versa so then it would just be a user choice. So then it would just be a user choice more than anything whether to more than anything whether to. More than anything whether to use the amm or use the dax a market use the amm or use the dax a market. Use the amm or use the dax a market maker choice the user would just get the maker choice the user would just get the. Maker choice the user would just get the best price available for a path payment best price available for a path payment. Best price available for a path payment right but someone who's trying to right but someone who's trying to. Right but someone who's trying to make a market could either use our amm make a market could either use our amm. Make a market could either use our amm or if it's not good then they could use or if it's not good then they could use. Or if it's not good then they could use the the the the decks comer I would kind of ask you like can. Comer I would kind of ask you like can you think of anything you think of anything. You think of anything where people would want to use like where people would want to use like. Where people would want to use like would have a good justification for would have a good justification for. Would have a good justification for using both using both using both on the same product because I agree with. On the same product because I agree with on the same product because I agree with. David like I can think of lots of cases david like I can think of lots of cases david like I can think of lots of cases. Where where where the amm will be better than the decks or the amm will be better than the decks or. The amm will be better than the decks or lots of cases where I say the decks I lots of cases where I say the decks i. Lots of cases where I say the decks I should say the order book should say the order book. Should say the order book lots of cases where the order book would lots of cases where the order book would. Lots of cases where the order book would be better than the amms but I can't be better than the amms but I can't. Be better than the amms but I can't think of a case where think of a case where think of a case where. People would be obviously indifferent people would be obviously indifferent people would be obviously indifferent. Between the two between the two between the two well I think what what could happen is. Well I think what what could happen is well I think what what could happen is that you know. That you know that you know that amms are used to like bootstrap a that amms are used to like bootstrap a. That amms are used to like bootstrap a market but that then when the market market but that then when the market. Market but that then when the market is like you know a really big deal then is like you know a really big deal then. Is like you know a really big deal then some big market maker will come along some big market maker will come along. Some big market maker will come along and they would rather and they would rather. And they would rather have the control of setting explicit have the control of setting explicit. Have the control of setting explicit limit orders because they can set limit orders because they can set. Limit orders because they can set have a lot of depth and they can kind of have a lot of depth and they can kind of. Have a lot of depth and they can kind of adjust to x you know adjust to x you know. Adjust to x you know external factors that affect the external factors that affect the. External factors that affect the price price price and so they would prefer that and so i. And so they would prefer that and so I and so they would prefer that and so I could see the amm is way to bootstrap a. Could see the amm is way to bootstrap a could see the amm is way to bootstrap a market and then like a full-on market. Market and then like a full-on market market and then like a full-on market maker. Maker maker using the the the order book once it using the the the order book once it. Using the the the order book once it makes sense for them to do that because makes sense for them to do that because. Makes sense for them to do that because there's enough volume that is profitable there's enough volume that is profitable. There's enough volume that is profitable for them to make the market in the for them to make the market in the. For them to make the market in the traditional way but cap38 would satisfy that without. But cap38 would satisfy that without the extra complexity the extra complexity the extra complexity. So at the moment it doesn't seem like so at the moment it doesn't seem like so at the moment it doesn't seem like. Anyone's arguing that the extra anyone's arguing that the extra anyone's arguing that the extra. Complexity of cop 37 complexity of cop 37 complexity of cop 37 is is worth has has a benefit. Is is worth has has a benefit is is worth has has a benefit that makes it worth. While really is that true is there while really is that true is there anyone who who thinks cap37. Anyone who who thinks cap37 anyone who who thinks cap37 and the super interleaved process is. And the super interleaved process is and the super interleaved process is is substantially better. But I think the argument for for that but I think the argument for for that behavior. Behavior behavior is actually what orbit wrote is actually what orbit wrote. Is actually what orbit wrote I think this morning on the dave mailing I think this morning on the dave mailing. I think this morning on the dave mailing list list list which is trying to limit which is trying to limit. Which is trying to limit like the number of times you have like the number of times you have. like the number of times you have like this like this like this arbitrage opportunities between emm. Arbitrage opportunities between emm arbitrage opportunities between emm and the the existing. And the the existing and the the existing order book the thing is that order book the thing is that. Order book the thing is that I don't know if you have any data I don't know if you have any data. I don't know if you have any data really to really to really to kind of say that this is going to be. Kind of say that this is going to be kind of say that this is going to be a big problem inside . A big problem inside a big problem inside like this is like inside a specific . Like this is like inside a specific like this is like inside a specific like even on the on the decks overall. Like even on the on the decks overall like even on the on the decks overall like you have. Like you have like you have pairs that I mean yeah are assets that pairs that I mean yeah are assets that. Pairs that I mean yeah are assets that represent the same thing represent the same thing. Represent the same thing right they're just issued by different right they're just issued by different. Right they're just issued by different people and people and people and that doesn't solve I mean cap 37 doesn't. That doesn't solve I mean cap 37 doesn't that doesn't solve I mean cap 37 doesn't. Solve that solve that solve that so that's why I'm I'm kind of a so that's why I'm I'm kind of a. So that's why I'm I'm kind of a in the camp of like starting with this in the camp of like starting with this. In the camp of like starting with this simple thing simple thing simple thing first see how that goes and then adjust. First see how that goes and then adjust first see how that goes and then adjust like based on that because yeah. Like based on that because yeah like based on that because yeah this interleaving . This interleaving this interleaving so far on you know the type of of things. So far on you know the type of of things so far on you know the type of of things. I'm saying it's actually very hard I'm saying it's actually very hard I'm saying it's actually very hard. To even come up with with like to even come up with with like to even come up with with like. Environments or things that you want to environments or things that you want to environments or things that you want to. Happen happen happen if we want to change the if we want to change the if we want to change the. what the mm is doing like if it's what the mm is doing like if it's what the mm is doing like if it's . Something more complicated than something more complicated than something more complicated than. Than constant product I'm not even sure than constant product I'm not even sure than constant product I'm not even sure. We we can we we can we we can yeah explain what we exp what we yeah explain what we exp what we. yeah explain what we exp what we expect to happen expect to happen expect to happen. Like we want the best price but when you like we want the best price but when you. Like we want the best price but when you have like grounding and all those issues. Have like grounding and all those issues have like grounding and all those issues. That come in play that come in play that come in play it it actually becomes really. It it actually becomes really it it actually becomes really complicated to try to reason about this. Complicated to try to reason about this complicated to try to reason about this so I would delay that decision as much. So I would delay that decision as much so I would delay that decision as much as possible that's. As possible that's as possible that's that's my opinion and there's a chance that's my opinion and there's a chance. That's my opinion and there's a chance that that that you know we'll want a third thing. you know we'll want a third thing you know we'll want a third thing that's neither an amm. That's neither an amm that's neither an amm nor the existing decks and so nor the existing decks and so . Nor the existing decks and so you know it's nice the idea that okay we you know it's nice the idea that okay we. You know it's nice the idea that okay we can just have multiple approaches to can just have multiple approaches to. Can just have multiple approaches to this this this coexisting and they don't have to be. Coexisting and they don't have to be coexisting and they don't have to be tightly integrated. Tightly integrated tightly integrated that leaves us more flexibility in the future. Future great anything else about dex great anything else about dex great anything else about dex. Integration or should we move on to the integration or should we move on to the integration or should we move on to the. Next topic great the next topic is pool parameter great the next topic is pool parameter. Updates I think sid was working on something I think sid was working on something. Related to this is that true yeah I wrote something on the that yeah I wrote something on the that. Mailing list yesterday mailing list yesterday mailing list yesterday I can talk about that if you like. I can talk about that if you like I can talk about that if you like yeah will you talk us through it. Yeah will you talk us through it yeah will you talk us through it yeah so it it's it's what I propose is. Yeah so it it's it's what I propose is yeah so it it's it's what I propose is an extension on what orbit pros where. an extension on what orbit pros where an extension on what orbit pros where. You you you include the the fee in the ledger include the the fee in the ledger. Include the the fee in the ledger header so instead of just having one fee header so instead of just having one fee. Header so instead of just having one fee you have you have you have you know all the fees you may want to. You know all the fees you may want to you know all the fees you may want to use for example if you. Use for example if you use for example if you if you had a couple different constant. If you had a couple different constant if you had a couple different constant product pools with different fees. Product pools with different fees product pools with different fees you have all them the ledger header. you have all them the ledger header you have all them the ledger header and depending on which pool you're. And depending on which pool you're and depending on which pool you're interacting on. Interacting on interacting on you would pull the fee from there you would pull the fee from there . You would pull the fee from there this will allow you to upgrade the this will allow you to upgrade the . This will allow you to upgrade the the fees without a protocol update the fees without a protocol update . The fees without a protocol update the issue here though is that the issue here though is that. The issue here though is that you know the more the more pools we add you know the more the more pools we add. You know the more the more pools we add more parameters we add more parameters we add. More parameters we add wherever we if we store this in the wherever we if we store this in the. Wherever we if we store this in the ledger head it'll get polluted wherever ledger head it'll get polluted wherever. Ledger head it'll get polluted wherever we decide to store it somewhere else we decide to store it somewhere else . We decide to store it somewhere else like it may become an issue like it may become an issue. Like it may become an issue so that that was what I proposed I so that that was what I proposed i. so that that was what I proposed I think niko had a had a different think niko had a had a different. Think niko had a had a different proposal proposal proposal related to storing the parameters in. related to storing the parameters in related to storing the parameters in in the ledger pull key I believe and. In the ledger pull key I believe and in the ledger pull key I believe and maybe maybe. Maybe you can talk about that right so I guess like what I described right so I guess like what I described. Was not necessarily was not necessarily was not necessarily where to start I mean like there's. where to start I mean like there's where to start I mean like there's like like. Like there are actually different concepts there are actually different concepts there are actually different concepts. Here here here because let's see it is the other question after it is the other question after. so just so just so just maybe one thing that will help me can we maybe one thing that will help me can we. Maybe one thing that will help me can we just talk about what parameters there just talk about what parameters there. Just talk about what parameters there might might might be that that we would need to store. Be that that we would need to store be that that we would need to store other than right. Other than right other than right so like the type of things that I so like the type of things that i. So like the type of things that I think think think people were talking about so for the. People were talking about so for the people were talking about so for the obvious one is. Obvious one is obvious one is we have a proof a puffy right we have a proof a puffy right. we have a proof a puffy right that's the one that that's the one that. that's the one that is kind of the really the only parameter is kind of the really the only parameter. Is kind of the really the only parameter and a constant product and a constant product. And a constant product pool we have pool we have pool we have other parameters also. Other parameters also other parameters also like minimum like minimum like minimum. Amounts that we want people to to be amounts that we want people to to be amounts that we want people to to be. Able to deposit like able to deposit like able to deposit like basically a unit you can think of it as. Basically a unit you can think of it as basically a unit you can think of it as a as a unit of deposit or. A as a unit of deposit or a as a unit of deposit or withdrawal that helps with . Withdrawal that helps with withdrawal that helps with guaranteeing certain levels of liquidity. Guaranteeing certain levels of liquidity guaranteeing certain levels of liquidity. Basically when you do all those basically when you do all those basically when you do all those. Operations operations operations what there's what there's what there's I think some of those when you have. I think some of those when you have I think some of those when you have like. Like like the more than two assets type of course the more than two assets type of course. The more than two assets type of course those have actually formulas that are those have actually formulas that are. Those have actually formulas that are getting even more complicated because getting even more complicated because. Getting even more complicated because now you have like different weights now you have like different weights. Now you have like different weights for those assets for those assets for those assets. I think those are like the the ones I think those are like the the ones I think those are like the the ones. That are known that are known that are known right now right I think for like right now right I think for like. Right now right I think for like unison b3 type of pool you have like a unison b3 type of pool you have like a. Unison b3 type of pool you have like a step step step size also I mean yeah size also I mean yeah. Size also I mean yeah it's up to future so it's up to future so it's up to future so. And there are a few other things that and there are a few other things that and there are a few other things that. Are like for example are like for example are like for example curve has this amplification factor. Curve has this amplification factor curve has this amplification factor and that would be something else that. and that would be something else that and that would be something else that. Would have to be would have to be would have to be stored if we were to use that stored if we were to use that. Stored if we were to use that is is there an issue with storing all of is is there an issue with storing all of. Is is there an issue with storing all of this in the leisure header this in the leisure header. This in the leisure header I'm assuming like you want to get two I'm assuming like you want to get two. I'm assuming like you want to get two actually so the the one actually I guess actually so the the one actually I guess. Actually so the the one actually I guess like like like when I wrote this question what I was. When I wrote this question what I was when I wrote this question what I was thinking at the time was more like. Thinking at the time was more like thinking at the time was more like there's this question of if you store. There's this question of if you store there's this question of if you store the parameter. The parameter the parameter as a global as opposed to be something as a global as opposed to be something. As a global as opposed to be something that is that is that is attached to the pull itself. attached to the pull itself attached to the pull itself well that means is that if you want to. Well that means is that if you want to well that means is that if you want to ch if you change the value of that. Ch if you change the value of that ch if you change the value of that parameter so if you change the c for. Parameter so if you change the c for parameter so if you change the c for example you're actually changing the fee. Example you're actually changing the fee example you're actually changing the fee. For every pool in existence for every pool in existence for every pool in existence. Every instance right every instance right every instance right and actually have a hard time to kind of. And actually have a hard time to kind of and actually have a hard time to kind of. Understand how that model works in a understand how that model works in a understand how that model works in a. World where you have world where you have world where you have other parameters other than the key like. Other parameters other than the key like other parameters other than the key like. For the fee maybe it works for the fee maybe it works for the fee maybe it works for other parameters I think it changes. For other parameters I think it changes for other parameters I think it changes the dynamics of the. The dynamics of the the dynamics of the pool so much that you're actually you're pool so much that you're actually you're. Pool so much that you're actually you're really talking about a very different really talking about a very different. Really talking about a very different pool at that point pool at that point pool at that point. And it may not and it may not and it may not actually be something desirable this this first version is we are. This this first version is we are establishing the model that we want establishing the model that we want. Establishing the model that we want going forward going forward going forward and you know constant product. And you know constant product and you know constant product is very special and I don't want to be. Is very special and I don't want to be is very special and I don't want to be stuck with that. Stuck with that stuck with that you know with whatever choice comes out you know with whatever choice comes out. You know with whatever choice comes out of that of that of that so you're really focused here on the on. So you're really focused here on the on so you're really focused here on the on the update like updating the. The update like updating the the update like updating the what should it be possible to update. What should it be possible to update what should it be possible to update the parameters on an existing pool it's. The parameters on an existing pool it's the parameters on an existing pool it's kind of the main crux here. Kind of the main crux here kind of the main crux here I think it's yeah it derives from this. I think it's yeah it derives from this I think it's yeah it derives from this choice right that is if it's a global. Choice right that is if it's a global choice right that is if it's a global that means when you update it you change. That means when you update it you change that means when you update it you change. Everywhere right everywhere right everywhere right my stance on this is that like you. My stance on this is that like you my stance on this is that like you shouldn't be able to retroactively. Shouldn't be able to retroactively shouldn't be able to retroactively update things you know if you wanted. Update things you know if you wanted update things you know if you wanted to switch to a different pool create the. To switch to a different pool create the to switch to a different pool create the. New pool new pool new pool move your money into there and let move your money into there and let. move your money into there and let people vote with their feet people vote with their feet. People vote with their feet or with their money however you want to or with their money however you want to. Or with their money however you want to say it say it say it my stance on this is more a ux thing. My stance on this is more a ux thing my stance on this is more a ux thing than anything else. Than anything else than anything else you know what I really don't like you know what I really don't like. you know what I really don't like seeing looking on my bank statement and seeing looking on my bank statement and. Seeing looking on my bank statement and being like oh I used to get 1.5 being like oh I used to get 1.5. Being like oh I used to get 1.5 interest now I get one percent interest interest now I get one percent interest. Interest now I get one percent interest I didn't agree to that I didn't agree to that. I didn't agree to that nobody told me until after my money had nobody told me until after my money had. Nobody told me until after my money had already been sitting there for however already been sitting there for however. Already been sitting there for however long long long so I don't think I want to impose that. So I don't think I want to impose that so I don't think I want to impose that on to other people. On to other people on to other people so a pool would have fixed parameters so a pool would have fixed parameters. So a pool would have fixed parameters that could never change once it was that could never change once it was. That could never change once it was initiated somehow initiated somehow initiated somehow. So what you're saying that would be the so what you're saying that would be the so what you're saying that would be the. Stance that I would take on this stance that I would take on this stance that I would take on this. I think the only exception to this I think the only exception to this I think the only exception to this. Might be might be might be like perhaps we might make the exception like perhaps we might make the exception. Like perhaps we might make the exception that these can change during a protocol that these can change during a protocol. That these can change during a protocol upgrade upgrade upgrade because generally we take the stance. Because generally we take the stance because generally we take the stance that we can change the rules. That we can change the rules that we can change the rules on protocol upgrades and you know i. On protocol upgrades and you know I on protocol upgrades and you know I don't think anybody would be super. Don't think anybody would be super don't think anybody would be super offended if. Offended if offended if all the validators plus all the all the validators plus all the. All the validators plus all the developers plus went through this huge developers plus went through this huge. Developers plus went through this huge review process to agree like this is review process to agree like this is. Review process to agree like this is gonna be better uniformly for everybody gonna be better uniformly for everybody. Gonna be better uniformly for everybody so we should make it the de facto so we should make it the de facto. So we should make it the de facto but isn't nico's point that when you but isn't nico's point that when you. but isn't nico's point that when you make the second pull if you wanted to make the second pull if you wanted to. Make the second pull if you wanted to change the fee in a second pull change the fee in a second pull. Change the fee in a second pull it would affect the fee in the first it would affect the fee in the first. It would affect the fee in the first pull pull pull are they coupled like in are they coupled like in. Are they coupled like in in siddharth's proposal and i'll let him in siddharth's proposal and i'll let him. In siddharth's proposal and i'll let him talk more about it but he's offering talk more about it but he's offering. Talk more about it but he's offering like these three different fear like these three different fear. Like these three different fear in his example he's offering these three in his example he's offering these three. In his example he's offering these three different fee tiers and you can imagine different fee tiers and you can imagine. Different fee tiers and you can imagine being in the mid-tier fee you know being in the mid-tier fee you know. Being in the mid-tier fee you know you could have the low tier one the mid you could have the low tier one the mid. You could have the low tier one the mid two one the high tier one and then you two one the high tier one and then you. Two one the high tier one and then you know know know the validators vote like okay we're. The validators vote like okay we're the validators vote like okay we're gonna move the mid tier one from point. Gonna move the mid tier one from point gonna move the mid tier one from point five to. Five to five to point six or something like that so it point six or something like that so it. Point six or something like that so it would still be possible to be in a world would still be possible to be in a world. Would still be possible to be in a world where there are multiple pools where there are multiple pools. Where there are multiple pools and still have multiple fees but have and still have multiple fees but have. And still have multiple fees but have them globally controlled so that them globally controlled so that. Them globally controlled so that existing ones get changed anyway not existing ones get changed anyway not. Existing ones get changed anyway not saying that I support that but I think saying that I support that but I think. Saying that I support that but I think that's possible but that's possible but that's possible but. Siddharth you can step in here if I'm siddharth you can step in here if I'm siddharth you can step in here if I'm. Not not hitting this correctly not not hitting this correctly not not hitting this correctly. No that was right no that was right no that was right and that like the the nice thing here is. And that like the the nice thing here is and that like the the nice thing here is. That you and I don't know if this that you and I don't know if this that you and I don't know if this. Actually matters but you you control the actually matters but you you control the. Actually matters but you you control the the number of possible pools right I the number of possible pools right i. The number of possible pools right I don't know if that matters for don't know if that matters for. Don't know if that matters for like liquid liquidity fragmentation like liquid liquidity fragmentation. like liquid liquidity fragmentation right like if we if we allow if we end right like if we if we allow if we end. Right like if we if we allow if we end up allowing like 10 up allowing like 10 up allowing like 10. Or 15 constant product pools like will or 15 constant product pools like will or 15 constant product pools like will. That be an issue or do we assume that that be an issue or do we assume that that be an issue or do we assume that. Everyone will move to the most optimal everyone will move to the most optimal everyone will move to the most optimal. Optimal pool optimal pool optimal pool like I I'm not sure what will end up like I I'm not sure what will end up. Like I I'm not sure what will end up happening there I tend to think that people would have. I tend to think that people would have probably eventually settled down onto probably eventually settled down onto. Probably eventually settled down onto the right thing the right thing the right thing. but I also don't think that's a but I also don't think that's a but I also don't think that's a. Particularly nice user experience particularly nice user experience particularly nice user experience. it's like decision paralysis when you it's like decision paralysis when you. it's like decision paralysis when you get to the grocery store and you're like. Get to the grocery store and you're like get to the grocery store and you're like. Wow there's a wow there's a wow there's a 37 brands of corn flakes which one am i. 37 brands of corn flakes which one am I 37 brands of corn flakes which one am I gonna buy yeah. Gonna buy yeah gonna buy yeah why do you need that in your life so it's it does sound like like if we. So it's it does sound like like if we were to make any of the were to make any of the. Were to make any of the parameters mutable it would it would parameters mutable it would it would. Parameters mutable it would it would only be the fee right like only be the fee right like. Only be the fee right like if like we shouldn't change anything if like we shouldn't change anything. If like we shouldn't change anything like the curve or anything like that like the curve or anything like that. Like the curve or anything like that for any of the you know if we add a for any of the you know if we add a. for any of the you know if we add a new pool type like those should not be new pool type like those should not be. New pool type like those should not be mutable mutable mutable right I don't think those should be mutable. I don't think those should be mutable only from only from only from like I don't know . Like I don't know like I don't know their nikolas shared this this very their nikolas shared this this very. Their nikolas shared this this very cool cool cool defect report that colton long ago had. Defect report that colton long ago had defect report that colton long ago had shared with me and I shared with nikola. Shared with me and I shared with nikola shared with me and I shared with nikola nikon he posted it onto sellerdev. Nikon he posted it onto sellerdev nikon he posted it onto sellerdev which is about changing the curve. Which is about changing the curve which is about changing the curve parameters other than the fee. Parameters other than the fee parameters other than the fee I say defect report I guess I should say. I say defect report I guess I should say I say defect report I guess I should say. Vulnerability whatever you want to call vulnerability whatever you want to call vulnerability whatever you want to call. It and if you're interested more you should and if you're interested more you should. You should review that because it's very you should review that because it's very. You should review that because it's very scary I almost feel like this shouldn't . I almost feel like this shouldn't this shouldn't be a configurable this shouldn't be a configurable . This shouldn't be a configurable parameter and if parameter and if parameter and if. If we do want to introduce a different if we do want to introduce a different if we do want to introduce a different. Fee fee fee we can might as well just introduce a we can might as well just introduce a. We can might as well just introduce a new type of new type of new type of a new type of pool like I think that. a new type of pool like I think that a new type of pool like I think that doing like even if you don't change. Doing like even if you don't change doing like even if you don't change it for existing pools. It for existing pools it for existing pools i'll still you know i'll i'll put i'll still you know i'll i'll put. I'll still you know i'll i'll put some money into a pool one day get some money into a pool one day get. Some money into a pool one day get you know one specific fee you know one specific fee. You know one specific fee and the next day after the configuration and the next day after the configuration. And the next day after the configuration change it's a safe type of pool but now change it's a safe type of pool but now. Change it's a safe type of pool but now I'm getting like a different type of fee I'm getting like a different type of fee. I'm getting like a different type of fee so that there's like it's just not so that there's like it's just not. So that there's like it's just not explicit enough a couple of people have said why don't. A couple of people have said why don't we just introduce we just introduce we just introduce. A new pool or why don't we do this who a new pool or why don't we do this who a new pool or why don't we do this who. Is the we in this situation is the we in this situation is the we in this situation. Does that make sense I think there are two different ways I think there are two different ways. One could take this one could take this one could take this one one way to introduce new types of. One one way to introduce new types of one one way to introduce new types of pools would be that it's a protocol. Pools would be that it's a protocol pools would be that it's a protocol change you know like if we're gonna go. Change you know like if we're gonna go change you know like if we're gonna go from having only constant product pools. From having only constant product pools from having only constant product pools to having constant product rules and . To having constant product rules and to having constant product rules and I don't know something curve-like or. I don't know something curve-like or I don't know something curve-like or balancer with weights or whatever. Balancer with weights or whatever balancer with weights or whatever we'd have to you know the Stellar. we'd have to you know the Stellar we'd have to you know the Stellar protocol developers you know. Protocol developers you know protocol developers you know people who work on caps whatever would. People who work on caps whatever would people who work on caps whatever would have to make that happen. Have to make that happen have to make that happen another way to look at we this is. another way to look at we this is another way to look at we this is this is an idea that nikola had a long. This is an idea that nikola had a long this is an idea that nikola had a long time ago about having this like . Time ago about having this like time ago about having this like this notion of like instead of. This notion of like instead of this notion of like instead of letting people choose any fee they want. Letting people choose any fee they want letting people choose any fee they want or any whatever they want. Or any whatever they want or any whatever they want there are some configurations that the. There are some configurations that the there are some configurations that the validators have voted on are good. Validators have voted on are good validators have voted on are good configurations. Configurations configurations when you're creating something you're when you're creating something you're. when you're creating something you're basically choosing from that menu of basically choosing from that menu of. Basically choosing from that menu of good configurations good configurations good configurations. And so in that setting we could be like and so in that setting we could be like and so in that setting we could be like. Validators you know they they voted on validators you know they they voted on validators you know they they voted on. Saying that like now the fee can be both saying that like now the fee can be both. Saying that like now the fee can be both 0.3 and 0.05 you know 0.3 and 0.05 you know. 0.3 and 0.05 you know so depending on the context I think we so depending on the context I think we. So depending on the context I think we could be either of those could be either of those. Could be either of those cool things are there more questions about are there more questions about. Parameters I mean I feel like there's parameters I mean I feel like there's parameters I mean I feel like there's. Still a little bit more still a little bit more still a little bit more thinking there that we can sort of do in. Thinking there that we can sort of do in thinking there that we can sort of do in. Conversation on the Stellar dev list conversation on the Stellar dev list conversation on the Stellar dev list. I don't want to move on though if I don't want to move on though if I don't want to move on though if. There's important things left to be said there's important things left to be said. There's important things left to be said but I feel like we're sort of at a good but I feel like we're sort of at a good. But I feel like we're sort of at a good point to move on point to move on point to move on. Right I agree like the next one is right I agree like the next one is right I agree like the next one is. Actually related and actually related and actually related and and maybe more interesting actually you. And maybe more interesting actually you and maybe more interesting actually you want to. Want to want to explain it yeah multiple pull support explain it yeah multiple pull support. Explain it yeah multiple pull support yeah so it's basically the two proposals are actually quite. The two proposals are actually quite different different different there like cap 38. There like cap 38 there like cap 38 actually allows one actually allows one. actually allows one asset pair to have arbitrary variations of pools arbitrary variations of pools. For that one pair so the variation can for that one pair so the variation can for that one pair so the variation can. Be on the be on the be on the    curve type it can be on any really. Curve type it can be on any really curve type it can be on any really any other parameter like we just talked. Any other parameter like we just talked any other parameter like we just talked about fee so you can imagine having. About fee so you can imagine having about fee so you can imagine having two pools. two pools two pools on the same two constant product pools on the same two constant product pools. On the same two constant product pools let's say let's say let's say on the same asset pair but one is going. On the same asset pair but one is going on the same asset pair but one is going to be. To be to be you know super low c and the other is you know super low c and the other is. You know super low c and the other is like going to be a high fee and then like going to be a high fee and then. Like going to be a high fee and then you know the market kind of gets inside you know the market kind of gets inside. You know the market kind of gets inside whatever whatever whatever capital e7 identifies pools using the. Capital e7 identifies pools using the capital e7 identifies pools using the pool type. And then related to the thing we are and then related to the thing we are talking about earlier the. Talking about earlier the talking about earlier the the fee is global so at this point the. The fee is global so at this point the the fee is global so at this point the only. Only only way you can have multiple pools on a way you can have multiple pools on a. Way you can have multiple pools on a given asset pair given asset pair given asset pair. Is if they defer on type do we want to have more of the first do we want to have more of the first. Kind or the second second time right kind or the second second time right kind or the second second time right. Like which one is like which one is like which one is is is maybe more interesting we want. Is is maybe more interesting we want is is maybe more interesting we want to have like those. To have like those to have like those a few number of options right in a for a. A few number of options right in a for a given type or do we think that one type enough. Enough I think there are some like fundamental I think there are some like fundamental. I think there are some like fundamental problems with the notion of like one problems with the notion of like one. Problems with the notion of like one instance of a pool per instance of a pool per. Instance of a pool per wait hold on actually let me make sure I wait hold on actually let me make sure i. Wait hold on actually let me make sure I understand understand understand do you mean one instance of a pool per. Do you mean one instance of a pool per do you mean one instance of a pool per pair. Pair pair per pair yeah of course all this is fair per pair yeah of course all this is fair. Per pair yeah of course all this is fair fair right yeah fair right yeah fair right yeah. So one in I think there's some like so one in I think there's some like so one in I think there's some like. Fundamental fundamental fundamental denial of service flaws with one denial of service flaws with one. Denial of service flaws with one instance of a pool per pair instance of a pool per pair. Instance of a pool per pair which is the question of who gets to which is the question of who gets to. Which is the question of who gets to choose what that pool will be choose what that pool will be. Choose what that pool will be like is it going to be the hyphy one like is it going to be the hyphy one. like is it going to be the hyphy one the low fee one is going to be curve the low fee one is going to be curve. The low fee one is going to be curve you know I think basically you know I think basically. You know I think basically basically if there can be multiple types basically if there can be multiple types. Basically if there can be multiple types of pools of pools of pools we probably have to say that all of them. We probably have to say that all of them we probably have to say that all of them. Can exist for the same pool to avoid can exist for the same pool to avoid can exist for the same pool to avoid. Having some having some having some arbitrary and by arbitrary you can arbitrary and by arbitrary you can. Arbitrary and by arbitrary you can always take that to be adversarial always take that to be adversarial. Always take that to be adversarial decision maker like oh this is a super decision maker like oh this is a super. Decision maker like oh this is a super volatile volatile volatile asset pair where like you know. Asset pair where like you know asset pair where like you know constant product with a high fee would. Constant product with a high fee would constant product with a high fee would be the best I'm going to put in. Be the best I'm going to put in be the best I'm going to put in you know a curve with a super low fee to. You know a curve with a super low fee to you know a curve with a super low fee to. Make it so nobody can use this make it so nobody can use this make it so nobody can use this. Don't want that to happen don't want that to happen don't want that to happen but here like you have the you know. But here like you have the you know but here like you have the you know using cap37 as like the. Using cap37 as like the using cap37 as like the like maybe the as a talking point like. Like maybe the as a talking point like like maybe the as a talking point like the. Earlier we were talking about fees do we earlier we were talking about fees do we. Think think think that we want to have more than one few that we want to have more than one few. That we want to have more than one few    for constant product for a given pair. I mean I think that we probably want to I mean I think that we probably want to have more than. Have more than have more than one tea and not just force one tea and not just force. One tea and not just force like people to pick like oh yeah this is like people to pick like oh yeah this is. Like people to pick like oh yeah this is the right fit for you because the right fit for you because. The right fit for you because I think that different I think that different I think that different. different asset classes different asset classes different asset classes. Actually have different like risk actually have different like risk actually have different like risk. Profile and volatility profile profile and volatility profile profile and volatility profile. And therefore you want to have a and therefore you want to have a and therefore you want to have a. Different fee different fee different fee you know like you basically want the the. You know like you basically want the the you know like you basically want the the. like crypto to crypto assets to have a like crypto to crypto assets to have a. Like crypto to crypto assets to have a different different different probably a different fee than the stable. Probably a different fee than the stable probably a different fee than the stable. Coin to stable coin type of coin to stable coin type of coin to stable coin type of. type of fair right so yeah type of fair right so yeah you can let them compete and like you. You can let them compete and like you you can let them compete and like you were saying like you can't let. Were saying like you can't let were saying like you can't let a single person decide on which one is. A single person decide on which one is a single person decide on which one is the first one. The first one the first one so then how do you let the market decide so then how do you let the market decide. So then how do you let the market decide I think that's kind of I think that's kind of. I think that's kind of what I'm getting so it would bring market dynamics to so it would bring market dynamics to. Bear on these given bear on these given bear on these given uncompeting pools I don't really like for me the reality. I don't really like for me the reality is I don't really see what we're is I don't really see what we're. Is I don't really see what we're choosing between choosing between choosing between. Like the choices in my head are kind of like the choices in my head are kind of like the choices in my head are kind of. Like there is exactly one type of pool like there is exactly one type of pool like there is exactly one type of pool. And we apply that uniformly across the and we apply that uniformly across the and we apply that uniformly across the. Board or there's one board or there's one board or there's one you know maybe you say like okay like. You know maybe you say like okay like you know maybe you say like okay like you can have different curves but all. You can have different curves but all you can have different curves but all the ones with the same curve have the. The ones with the same curve have the the ones with the same curve have the same fee. Same fee same fee whatever like whatever you kind of take whatever like whatever you kind of take. Whatever like whatever you kind of take that model at that model at that model at. You're kind of saying like I'm gonna try you're kind of saying like I'm gonna try. You're kind of saying like I'm gonna try to fit all the pegs into a single shaped. To fit all the pegs into a single shaped to fit all the pegs into a single shaped. Hole hole hole if you take that approach and if you if you take that approach and if you. If you take that approach and if you don't take that approach then you're don't take that approach then you're. Don't take that approach then you're basically saying well like I'm gonna let basically saying well like I'm gonna let. Basically saying well like I'm gonna let the market decide what's the what's the the market decide what's the what's the. The market decide what's the what's the non-stupid thing non-stupid thing non-stupid thing. and I don't like forcing and I don't like forcing and I don't like forcing. Pegs into holes that don't that they pegs into holes that don't that they pegs into holes that don't that they. Don't fit in so don't fit in so don't fit in so for me it seems kind of like a like a. For me it seems kind of like a like a for me it seems kind of like a like a very kind of obvious choice but I'm I'm. Very kind of obvious choice but I'm I'm very kind of obvious choice but I'm I'm wondering if somebody sees the. Wondering if somebody sees the wondering if somebody sees the the argument that goes in the other. The argument that goes in the other the argument that goes in the other direction like is there somebody who's. Direction like is there somebody who's direction like is there somebody who's like no. Like no like no like john you're definitely wrong well I think the argument I held before. Well I think the argument I held before on on on on trying to force everybody into the. On trying to force everybody into the on trying to force everybody into the same same. Same group is you avoid group is you avoid group is you avoid like splitting the liquidity. But I'm not I'm not that's not my but I'm not I'm not that's not my opinion either you know. Opinion either you know opinion either you know so I can't really support it but that i. So I can't really support it but that I so I can't really support it but that I just wanted to call it out that's. Just wanted to call it out that's just wanted to call it out that's actually one of the argument that people. Actually one of the argument that people actually one of the argument that people. Call out yeah I mean I guess for me it kind of depends I mean I guess for me it kind of depends. A lot on what the set of options are a lot on what the set of options are a lot on what the set of options are. Like you can imagine a world where like like you can imagine a world where like like you can imagine a world where like. We just imagined that we just imagined that we just imagined that it was possible to create a constant. It was possible to create a constant it was possible to create a constant product market maker with a fee. Product market maker with a fee product market maker with a fee at every thousandth of a percent. At every thousandth of a percent at every thousandth of a percent there's no difference between I mean. There's no difference between I mean there's no difference between I mean they're. They're they're they're not literally identical but they're not literally identical but. They're not literally identical but there's no material difference between a there's no material difference between a. There's no material difference between a fiat point fiat point fiat point three percent or point three zero zero. Three percent or point three zero zero three percent or point three zero zero point three zero one percent or point. Point three zero one percent or point point three zero one percent or point two nine nine percent. Two nine nine percent two nine nine percent they're kind of like exactly the same. They're kind of like exactly the same they're kind of like exactly the same and I think in that world. And I think in that world and I think in that world you probably do have liquidity. You probably do have liquidity you probably do have liquidity fragmentation between people doing. Fragmentation between people doing fragmentation between people doing effectively the exact same thing. Effectively the exact same thing effectively the exact same thing differently differently. Differently whereas you know in a world where you're whereas you know in a world where you're. Whereas you know in a world where you're like okay like you have two fees like okay like you have two fees. Like okay like you have two fees on your constant product one is like on your constant product one is like. On your constant product one is like 0.05 and one is 0.05 and one is 0.05 and one is. One percent for totally different asset one percent for totally different asset one percent for totally different asset. Classes I think classes I think classes I think there's going to be like a very obvious. There's going to be like a very obvious there's going to be like a very obvious place that people are going to want to. Place that people are going to want to place that people are going to want to put their money. Put their money put their money in those kinds of cases and there won't in those kinds of cases and there won't. In those kinds of cases and there won't be a lot of blurriness be a lot of blurriness. Be a lot of blurriness I'm not 100 sure but I think the the I'm not 100 sure but I think the the. I'm not 100 sure but I think the the amount of liquidity fragmentation amount of liquidity fragmentation. Amount of liquidity fragmentation depends on depends on depends on how distinct the options are. But even in that case if market dynamics but even in that case if market dynamics. Work wouldn't people be work wouldn't people be work wouldn't people be drawn to the fool with the lower feet. Drawn to the fool with the lower feet drawn to the fool with the lower feet right if they were the same but one even. Right if they were the same but one even right if they were the same but one even. Had a had a had a tiny bit lower fee and then the two tiny bit lower fee and then the two. Tiny bit lower fee and then the two pools would be competing pools would be competing. Pools would be competing and they would actually that would push and they would actually that would push. And they would actually that would push fees lower fees lower fees lower isn't that what you would expect not. Isn't that what you would expect not isn't that what you would expect not not. Not not necessarily like for example necessarily like for example necessarily like for example. If the impermanent like if prices are if the impermanent like if prices are if the impermanent like if prices are. Moving a lot and so there's a lot of moving a lot and so there's a lot of moving a lot and so there's a lot of. Impermanent loss impermanent loss impermanent loss then people might make more money from. Then people might make more money from then people might make more money from the higher fee. The higher fee the higher fee even if people traded less as a even if people traded less as a. Even if people traded less as a consequence consequence consequence and the other factor is if everybody's. And the other factor is if everybody's and the other factor is if everybody's in the high fee pool. In the high fee pool in the high fee pool then and like let's say that like let's. Then and like let's say that like let's then and like let's say that like let's suppose. Suppose suppose a world where there's 99 sorry 100 a world where there's 99 sorry 100. A world where there's 99 sorry 100 equivalent market makers 99 of them are equivalent market makers 99 of them are. Equivalent market makers 99 of them are in the big pool in the big pool in the big pool. Which has the high fees and the one which has the high fees and the one which has the high fees and the one. Other guy is in the small city pool other guy is in the small city pool other guy is in the small city pool. in like the cap 38 proposal in like the cap 38 proposal in like the cap 38 proposal. For like maybe some small trades would for like maybe some small trades would for like maybe some small trades would. Execute against the small pool execute against the small pool execute against the small pool. The small fee pool but all the big the small fee pool but all the big the small fee pool but all the big. Trades would execute against the big fee trades would execute against the big fee. Trades would execute against the big fee pool because there'd be less slippage pool because there'd be less slippage. Pool because there'd be less slippage there there there and so maybe that person would end up. And so maybe that person would end up and so maybe that person would end up making less money by being in the low. Making less money by being in the low making less money by being in the low fee pool and then they decide to join. Fee pool and then they decide to join fee pool and then they decide to join the high fuel pool anyway. The high fuel pool anyway the high fuel pool anyway right so I think it's it's not obvious. Right so I think it's it's not obvious right so I think it's it's not obvious there's a bunch of different ways these. There's a bunch of different ways these there's a bunch of different ways these kinds of things could. Kinds of things could kinds of things could shape out so I mean maybe the answer to this is no. So I mean maybe the answer to this is no but I'm just wondering if there's any but I'm just wondering if there's any. But I'm just wondering if there's any if it's it just seems better to have if it's it just seems better to have. If it's it just seems better to have only one pool only one pool only one pool you know other than the fact that you. You know other than the fact that you you know other than the fact that you would have to agree on the parameters. Would have to agree on the parameters would have to agree on the parameters but I'm wondering if there's any way. but I'm wondering if there's any way but I'm wondering if there's any way to kind of select the pool. To kind of select the pool to kind of select the pool objectively like basically say that you. Objectively like basically say that you objectively like basically say that you know. Know know for any given pool you you you if for any given pool you you you if for any given pool you you you if. There's there's there's if there's multiple pools for an asset if there's multiple pools for an asset. If there's multiple pools for an asset pair you just pick the one that has the pair you just pick the one that has the. Pair you just pick the one that has the highest product or highest product plus highest product or highest product plus. Highest product or highest product plus reserve where people can pledge some reserve where people can pledge some. Reserve where people can pledge some reserve or something so you can let reserve or something so you can let. Reserve or something so you can let people sort of bid on people sort of bid on people sort of bid on. On what they have because what you kind on what they have because what you kind on what they have because what you kind. Of want is like you want like of want is like you want like of want is like you want like. You know in the kind of Stellar fashion you know in the kind of Stellar fashion you know in the kind of Stellar fashion. Of like it's just to everyone's of like it's just to everyone's of like it's just to everyone's. Advantage to do what everybody else is advantage to do what everybody else is advantage to do what everybody else is. Doing which is kind of like the whole doing which is kind of like the whole doing which is kind of like the whole. Philosophy of Stellar on some level you philosophy of Stellar on some level you philosophy of Stellar on some level you. Kind of kind of kind of would like market forces to decide this would like market forces to decide this. Would like market forces to decide this and so to the extent that then and so to the extent that then. And so to the extent that then somebody a lot of people decide that you somebody a lot of people decide that you. Somebody a lot of people decide that you want to do something else then it should. Want to do something else then it should want to do something else then it should. Like make sense to move over to that like make sense to move over to that like make sense to move over to that. That's something else but that's something else but that's something else but . I mean that's that's john I mean that's that's john I mean that's that's john. briefly mentioned this my new idea briefly mentioned this my new idea. briefly mentioned this my new idea earlier so that's kind of earlier so that's kind of. earlier so that's kind of what I proposed earlier is basically what I proposed earlier is basically. What I proposed earlier is basically try to try to try to kind of find a good middle ground right. Kind of find a good middle ground right kind of find a good middle ground right like you don't you don't want to have. Like you don't you don't want to have like you don't you don't want to have like a single pool you know where you're. Like a single pool you know where you're like a single pool you know where you're. Forcing to this forcing to this forcing to this one rate you know across all assets you. One rate you know across all assets you one rate you know across all assets you know that's I think that's kind of . Know that's I think that's kind of know that's I think that's kind of trying to to that's too. Trying to to that's too trying to to that's too too prescriptive on the other hand. Too prescriptive on the other hand too prescriptive on the other hand if you allow people to set any price you. If you allow people to set any price you if you allow people to set any price you. Know any fee and all that you end up know any fee and all that you end up know any fee and all that you end up. With like this huge with like this huge with like this huge like you can't pick a pool basically. like you can't pick a pool basically like you can't pick a pool basically like. Like like there are an infinite number of pools so there are an infinite number of pools so. There are an infinite number of pools so the menu idea is to have validators the menu idea is to have validators. The menu idea is to have validators actually describe the the combinations that you. Describe the the combinations that you are are are that that you can use on the network. That that you can use on the network that that you can use on the network and the combinations would be a. And the combinations would be a and the combinations would be a combination for example like constant. Combination for example like constant combination for example like constant product you can have like low medium. Product you can have like low medium product you can have like low medium high c high c. High c or something like that and then when you or something like that and then when you. Or something like that and then when you when you want to deposit assets in a when you want to deposit assets in a. When you want to deposit assets in a pool pool pool you pick which of which which item on. You pick which of which which item on you pick which of which which item on the menu. The menu the menu you want right you can say okay this is you want right you can say okay this is. You want right you can say okay this is like a stable coin one so I'm going to like a stable coin one so I'm going to. Like a stable coin one so I'm going to pick this scoff pick this scoff pick this scoff. Paying with this parameter right okay so paying with this parameter right okay so. Paying with this parameter right okay so here's here's here's I think you know this is probably not. I think you know this is probably not I think you know this is probably not workable but just to like get some. Workable but just to like get some workable but just to like get some design point out there. Design point out there design point out there suppose that you know people can. Suppose that you know people can suppose that you know people can sponsor these. Sponsor these sponsor these these liquidity pools these liquidity pools these liquidity pools. using lumens and using lumens and using lumens and basically you can propose any value. Basically you can propose any value basically you can propose any value any parameter you want however in order. Any parameter you want however in order any parameter you want however in order to introduce a new liquidity pool when. To introduce a new liquidity pool when to introduce a new liquidity pool when there's already one for that . There's already one for that there's already one for that for that asset pair two things have to. For that asset pair two things have to for that asset pair two things have to happen one you have to pledge more. Happen one you have to pledge more happen one you have to pledge more lumens lumens. Lumens than the previous reserve as pledged than the previous reserve as pledged. Than the previous reserve as pledged and two you have to have it like as at and two you have to have it like as at. And two you have to have it like as at least as much liquidity in terms or the least as much liquidity in terms or the. Least as much liquidity in terms or the product has to be at least as product has to be at least as. Product has to be at least as as great in terms of the assets you put as great in terms of the assets you put. As great in terms of the assets you put in there so in there so in there so this would allow people to change when. This would allow people to change when this would allow people to change when everybody wanted to change. Everybody wanted to change everybody wanted to change but it would sort of make it a little. But it would sort of make it a little but it would sort of make it a little bit sticky. What a I get what you're getting at here what a I get what you're getting at here. But like a kind of just but like a kind of just but like a kind of just practical implementation type question. Practical implementation type question practical implementation type question before we talk about this on the merits. Before we talk about this on the merits before we talk about this on the merits it's just like . It's just like it's just like what about the case when you have pools what about the case when you have pools. What about the case when you have pools that were like the that were like the . That were like the the product is a different number like the product is a different number like. The product is a different number like the invariant is a different number the invariant is a different number. The invariant is a different number you know the curve invariant is some you know the curve invariant is some. you know the curve invariant is some really complicated thing that's really really complicated thing that's really. Really complicated thing that's really gross to write down gross to write down gross to write down. and so they're obviously comparable and so they're obviously comparable and so they're obviously comparable. There would be some there would be some there would be some there would be some requirement that for. There would be some requirement that for there would be some requirement that for. Any pool that we introduce any pool that we introduce any pool that we introduce but there needs to be a depth metric. But there needs to be a depth metric but there needs to be a depth metric which is a number and where somehow we. Which is a number and where somehow we which is a number and where somehow we believe that in general. Believe that in general believe that in general deeper markets are better than shallower. How would you how would you    I guess like what would at like a high. I guess like what would at like a high I guess like what would at like a high level what would an implementation of. Level what would an implementation of level what would an implementation of all of this kind of look like like in an. All of this kind of look like like in an all of this kind of look like like in an. Abstract sense but like we need some new abstract sense but like we need some new. Abstract sense but like we need some new kinds of entries and stuff like kinds of entries and stuff like. Kinds of entries and stuff like what is it like how do you how do you what is it like how do you how do you. What is it like how do you how do you say that you're voting for one of these say that you're voting for one of these. Say that you're voting for one of these pools pools pools like what does it mean for like if. Like what does it mean for like if like what does it mean for like if you're voting for a pool but the pool. You're voting for a pool but the pool you're voting for a pool but the pool doesn't actually work yet what is. Doesn't actually work yet what is doesn't actually work yet what is what are how do all these things kind of. What are how do all these things kind of what are how do all these things kind of. Work at a high level work at a high level work at a high level yeah I guess you have you have some. Yeah I guess you have you have some yeah I guess you have you have some number of . Number of number of let's say you have some number of let's say you have some number of . Let's say you have some number of candidate pools and in order maybe in candidate pools and in order maybe in. Candidate pools and in order maybe in order to create a candidate pool you order to create a candidate pool you. Order to create a candidate pool you have to pledge sort of have to pledge sort of. Have to pledge sort of twice the base reserve that's pledged twice the base reserve that's pledged. Twice the base reserve that's pledged for the previous one or something so we for the previous one or something so we. For the previous one or something so we can't get like an infinite number of can't get like an infinite number of. Can't get like an infinite number of these these these and then for the candidate pools. and then for the candidate pools and then for the candidate pools there's some amount of. There's some amount of there's some amount of capital that's pledged and so if if one. Capital that's pledged and so if if one capital that's pledged and so if if one of the candidate pools suddenly gets. Of the candidate pools suddenly gets of the candidate pools suddenly gets more or more depth right there's some. More or more depth right there's some more or more depth right there's some amount of capitalist pledge and if if at. Amount of capitalist pledge and if if at amount of capitalist pledge and if if at. Some point one of the candidate pools some point one of the candidate pools some point one of the candidate pools. Ends up with more depth than the ends up with more depth than the ends up with more depth than the. Existing pool existing pool existing pool then people would switch over so the then people would switch over so the. Then people would switch over so the basic assumption here is that like sort basic assumption here is that like sort. Basic assumption here is that like sort of of of 90 of the people participating in a. 90 of the people participating in a 90 of the people participating in a liquidity pool would say hey like. Liquidity pool would say hey like liquidity pool would say hey like actually we want to go to a lower fee or. Actually we want to go to a lower fee or actually we want to go to a lower fee or. Something right and so something right and so something right and so and so once everybody wants to do. and so once everybody wants to do and so once everybody wants to do that they can make it happen. That they can make it happen that they can make it happen but like you know a random person. But like you know a random person but like you know a random person who's just trying to disrupt the. Who's just trying to disrupt the who's just trying to disrupt the existing market. Existing market existing market would have to like amass a lot of would have to like amass a lot of. Would have to like amass a lot of capital and essentially end up making a capital and essentially end up making a. Capital and essentially end up making a more liquid market more liquid market more liquid market. In order to in order to in order to in order to in order to in order to . Disrupt the existing market it's a kind of interesting idea i'd have it's a kind of interesting idea i'd have. To think about that a bit to think about that a bit to think about that a bit I like definitely have some concerns. I like definitely have some concerns I like definitely have some concerns along the same line as. Along the same line as along the same line as somebody mentioned now I think eric. Somebody mentioned now I think eric somebody mentioned now I think eric mentioned about like this like ephemeral. Mentioned about like this like ephemeral mentioned about like this like ephemeral. Trust line type of thing trust line type of thing trust line type of thing you can imagine somebody putting a lot. You can imagine somebody putting a lot you can imagine somebody putting a lot of putting their money where their mouth. Of putting their money where their mouth of putting their money where their mouth. Is in like a huge amount and then you is in like a huge amount and then you is in like a huge amount and then you. Know know know five ledgers later being like I just did five ledgers later being like I just did. Five ledgers later being like I just did that to screw you guys all up and then that to screw you guys all up and then. That to screw you guys all up and then just pulling their money back on the just pulling their money back on the. Just pulling their money back on the other hand if what they did is other hand if what they did is. Other hand if what they did is provided people like really low fee provided people like really low fee. Provided people like really low fee transactions for five ledgers like is it transactions for five ledgers like is it. Transactions for five ledgers like is it so bad so bad so bad like they could have done the same thing. Like they could have done the same thing like they could have done the same thing. By placing offers on the order book by placing offers on the order book by placing offers on the order book. Right right right it's a fair point so we only have five minutes left and so we only have five minutes left and. And I think that's fine because I think and I think that's fine because I think and I think that's fine because I think. A lot of these questions can we can a lot of these questions can we can a lot of these questions can we can. Continue to sort of talk about them or continue to sort of talk about them or continue to sort of talk about them or. To think about some of the suggestions to think about some of the suggestions to think about some of the suggestions. That were raised that were raised that were raised and deal with them on the Stellar debt. And deal with them on the Stellar debt and deal with them on the Stellar debt mailing list. Mailing list mailing list there were two other topics that we there were two other topics that we. There were two other topics that we didn't really get into one was didn't really get into one was. Didn't really get into one was compliance and one was rounding compliance and one was rounding. Compliance and one was rounding do we want to take a second to talk do we want to take a second to talk. Do we want to take a second to talk about either of those right now would about either of those right now would. About either of those right now would that be useful that be useful that be useful. Or is it is it too much to take on or is it is it too much to take on or is it is it too much to take on. Either one of those topics in the last either one of those topics in the last either one of those topics in the last. Four minutes it seems hard and for me I mean I'm it seems hard and for me I mean I'm. Like I'm like I'm like I'm very interested in talking about these very interested in talking about these. Very interested in talking about these but in detail but in detail but in detail. It just seems like it'll be unsatisfying it just seems like it'll be unsatisfying. It just seems like it'll be unsatisfying to get into them now to get into them now. To get into them now okay that makes sense to me okay that makes sense to me okay that makes sense to me. I mean I think then the the question is I mean I think then the the question is I mean I think then the the question is. What what is what what is what what is what are the next steps after this what are the next steps after this. What are the next steps after this meeting do we I feel like it is to meeting do we I feel like it is to. Meeting do we I feel like it is to continue the discussion on Stellar death continue the discussion on Stellar death. Continue the discussion on Stellar death but are there other follow-up actions but are there other follow-up actions. But are there other follow-up actions that need to happen in order to make that need to happen in order to make. That need to happen in order to make that that that make that possible I'm still trying to understand whether. I'm still trying to understand whether we've narrowed down the scope of which we've narrowed down the scope of which. We've narrowed down the scope of which pools can exist and pools can exist and pools can exist and. which ones can't like for a given which ones can't like for a given which ones can't like for a given. Asset pair asset pair asset pair have we agreed we can only have one pool have we agreed we can only have one pool. Have we agreed we can only have one pool or could we have multiple pools with or could we have multiple pools with. Or could we have multiple pools with different kinds of curve different kinds of curve. Different kinds of curve for that asset pair for example like I for that asset pair for example like i. For that asset pair for example like I would love to would love to would love to write that down. Well I think what we were talking about well I think what we were talking about was that we I think they. Was that we I think they was that we I think they we agreed that there would be more than. We agreed that there would be more than we agreed that there would be more than one pool. One pool one pool per asset there what we are talking about last was what we are talking about last was. More about the governance that goes with more about the governance that goes with. More about the governance that goes with introducing a new pool like you can do introducing a new pool like you can do. Introducing a new pool like you can do it in many ways it in many ways it in many ways. The good news is that we don't the good news is that we don't the good news is that we don't. Necessarily have to solve that necessarily have to solve that necessarily have to solve that. I think in this version because right I think in this version because right I think in this version because right. Now we're introducing only now we're introducing only now we're introducing only one one constant product. One one constant product one one constant product and I'm not sure we want to and I'm not sure we want to. And I'm not sure we want to introduce in the first version the introduce in the first version the. Introduce in the first version the support for support for support for more than one rate right like we can. More than one rate right like we can more than one rate right like we can basically for now like I think that's. Basically for now like I think that's basically for now like I think that's what capital e8. What capital e8 what capital e8 says or even capital e7 that is says or even capital e7 that is. Says or even capital e7 that is there's only one rate there's only one rate there's only one rate. and I'm it's probably fine for the and I'm it's probably fine for the and I'm it's probably fine for the. Very first version but very first version but very first version but it's interesting to think about. It's interesting to think about it's interesting to think about how to to change that in the future. How to to change that in the future how to to change that in the future right if you'd be willing david i'd be like. If you'd be willing david i'd be like very interested to see like a high-level very interested to see like a high-level. Very interested to see like a high-level write-up write-up write-up of what you were describing so I can. Of what you were describing so I can of what you were describing so I can think about that more deeply. Think about that more deeply think about that more deeply yeah maybe I can just draft something by. Yeah maybe I can just draft something by yeah maybe I can just draft something by. Email or something email or something email or something yeah that'd be fine it doesn't have to. Yeah that'd be fine it doesn't have to yeah that'd be fine it doesn't have to be super formal sure and I noticed for. Be super formal sure and I noticed for be super formal sure and I noticed for the future but there was the idea of a. The future but there was the idea of a the future but there was the idea of a menu. Menu menu right that was sort of validator right that was sort of validator right that was sort of validator. Determined there was this idea of determined there was this idea of determined there was this idea of. You can replace by better with some you can replace by better with some you can replace by better with some. Depth metric depth metric depth metric were there any other contenders for ways to do this well that was the. Ways to do this well that was the question in the first question in the first question in the first. Thing right that was don't even allow to thing right that was don't even allow to. Thing right that was don't even allow to have more than one have more than one have more than one. Right right right yeah which which is a third option sure yeah which which is a third option sure. Yeah which which is a third option sure okay there's also the free-for-all okay there's also the free-for-all. Okay there's also the free-for-all option anarchy I love the anarchy every time I'm. I love the anarchy every time I'm listening to this I'm like this is we're listening to this I'm like this is we're. Listening to this I'm like this is we're talking about anarchy or we're talking talking about anarchy or we're talking. Talking about anarchy or we're talking about like about like about like soviet style communism or we're talking. Soviet style communism or we're talking soviet style communism or we're talking about just like free market capitalism i. About just like free market capitalism I about just like free market capitalism i. Feel like there's ideologies behind all feel like there's ideologies behind all feel like there's ideologies behind all. These choices these choices these choices you know john's like there should only you know john's like there should only. You know john's like there should only be one one kind of corn flake be one one kind of corn flake. Be one one kind of corn flake right I can go for like three kinds of right I can go for like three kinds of. Right I can go for like three kinds of corn flakes just to be fair cool yeah you want the you know you're. Cool yeah you want the you know you're on the special occasion it's your on the special occasion it's your. On the special occasion it's your birthday conflict right man I hope you have some like something. Man I hope you have some like something like like like flat pink blueberry pancakes on your. Flat pink blueberry pancakes on your flat pink blueberry pancakes on your birthday not cornflakes. Birthday not cornflakes birthday not cornflakes I don't even know okay I don't even know okay. I don't even know okay that's time thanks everybody and that's time thanks everybody and. That's time thanks everybody and thanks everyone who's watching at home thanks everyone who's watching at home. Thanks everyone who's watching at home again again again this discussion will continue on the. this discussion will continue on the this discussion will continue on the Stellar dev google group. Stellar dev google group Stellar dev google group which you can find a link to in. which you can find a link to in which you can find a link to in the actual event description. The actual event description the actual event description there's already a lot that's happened. There's already a lot that's happened there's already a lot that's happened there and we will continue to have these. There and we will continue to have these there and we will continue to have these. Discussions in these meetings to start discussions in these meetings to start discussions in these meetings to start. To hammer out more of these proposals to hammer out more of these proposals to hammer out more of these proposals. But again two proposals a lot of but again two proposals a lot of but again two proposals a lot of. Discussion many things that we covered discussion many things that we covered discussion many things that we covered. Today but many more things to cover today but many more things to cover today but many more things to cover. look there to see what's happening look there to see what's happening look there to see what's happening. This conversation will happen both this conversation will happen both this conversation will happen both. Sort of asynchronously there and sort of asynchronously there and sort of asynchronously there and. Synchronously here in the future synchronously here in the future synchronously here in the future. And we really appreciate everyone for and we really appreciate everyone for and we really appreciate everyone for. Being here thanks everyone.
