Great. Uh, hi everyone. I think we have Great. Uh, hi everyone. I think we have bit of an issue here without clear. Bit of an issue here without clear bit of an issue here without clear uh your agenda in terms of who is. Uh your agenda in terms of who is uh your agenda in terms of who is supposed to speak. Supposed to speak. Supposed to speak. Um I guess the purpose of today's Um I guess the purpose of today's Um I guess the purpose of today's. Meeting was just meeting was just meeting was just to revisit the caps that we have. To revisit the caps that we have to revisit the caps that we have uh before the final approval and uh the. Uh before the final approval and uh the uh before the final approval and uh the agenda suggests that the cap authors. Agenda suggests that the cap authors agenda suggests that the cap authors would present. Would present would present them and I think um almost all the caps them and I think um almost all the caps. Them and I think um almost all the caps have been discussed before besides cap have been discussed before besides cap. Have been discussed before besides cap 70. So maybe if parent is 70. So maybe if parent is. 70. So maybe if parent is here. Yeah. Maybe you could talk about here. Yeah. Maybe you could talk about. Here. Yeah. Maybe you could talk about cap 70 because it's completely new and cap 70 because it's completely new and. Cap 70 because it's completely new and then we could I don't know I guess then we could I don't know I guess. Then we could I don't know I guess quickly recap other caps quickly recap other caps. Quickly recap other caps and there any questions um concerning and there any questions um concerning. And there any questions um concerning any. Any. Any. Cool. Uh yeah that sounds good. Um so I Cool. Uh yeah that sounds good. Um so I Cool. Uh yeah that sounds good. Um so I. Guess getting started with cap 70. Uh guess getting started with cap 70. Uh guess getting started with cap 70. Uh. This one is a recent addition to this one is a recent addition to this one is a recent addition to. Protocol 23 um but it's fairly uh small protocol 23 um but it's fairly uh small protocol 23 um but it's fairly uh small. And straightforward. And so essentially and straightforward. And so essentially and straightforward. And so essentially. What this does is it introduces a couple what this does is it introduces a couple. What this does is it introduces a couple of new uh network config settings that of new uh network config settings that. Of new uh network config settings that control um some of the timing parameters control um some of the timing parameters. Control um some of the timing parameters around consensus. Uh so essentially uh around consensus. Uh so essentially uh. Around consensus. Uh so essentially uh today um like during consensus there's a today um like during consensus there's a. Today um like during consensus there's a couple of hard-coded values such as the couple of hard-coded values such as the. Couple of hard-coded values such as the block of the ledge or the length of the block of the ledge or the length of the. Block of the ledge or the length of the ledger being 5 seconds as well as some ledger being 5 seconds as well as some. Ledger being 5 seconds as well as some of the uh more nitty-gritty details on of the uh more nitty-gritty details on. Of the uh more nitty-gritty details on consensus as to like how long um nodes consensus as to like how long um nodes. Consensus as to like how long um nodes wait for certain rounds like timeouts uh wait for certain rounds like timeouts uh. Wait for certain rounds like timeouts uh between certain uh consensus rounds and between certain uh consensus rounds and. Between certain uh consensus rounds and things like this. And so essentially things like this. And so essentially. Things like this. And so essentially this cap doesn't actually change this cap doesn't actually change. This cap doesn't actually change anything um but it just allows us uh to anything um but it just allows us uh to. Anything um but it just allows us uh to change these values in the future. So change these values in the future. So. Change these values in the future. So for instance today stellar core all the for instance today stellar core all the. For instance today stellar core all the nodes are hardcoded to have a 5-second nodes are hardcoded to have a 5-second. Nodes are hardcoded to have a 5-second ledger time. Um but with this cap it ledger time. Um but with this cap it. Ledger time. Um but with this cap it allows that to be dynamic and allows that to be dynamic and. Allows that to be dynamic and configurable. And so kind of the uh the configurable. And so kind of the uh the. Configurable. And so kind of the uh the motivation behind this is that as we uh motivation behind this is that as we uh. Motivation behind this is that as we uh want to move towards you know higher want to move towards you know higher. Want to move towards you know higher throughput and lower block times um throughput and lower block times um. Throughput and lower block times um making you know large jumps is making you know large jumps is. Making you know large jumps is difficult. Going from 5-second blocks to difficult. Going from 5-second blocks to. Difficult. Going from 5-second blocks to 2 and 1/2 second blocks is very very 2 and 1/2 second blocks is very very. 2 and 1/2 second blocks is very very challenging. Um so the goal with this is challenging. Um so the goal with this is. Challenging. Um so the goal with this is to allow us to kind of make small to allow us to kind of make small. To allow us to kind of make small incremental changes uh via SLPs where incremental changes uh via SLPs where. Incremental changes uh via SLPs where you know to get to that goal of 2 and a you know to get to that goal of 2 and a. You know to get to that goal of 2 and a half seconds or whatever it may be uh half seconds or whatever it may be uh. Half seconds or whatever it may be uh you know we start uh by just trimming you know we start uh by just trimming. You know we start uh by just trimming off like one or 200 millconds at a time off like one or 200 millconds at a time. Off like one or 200 millconds at a time and over time we'll get there and so and over time we'll get there and so. And over time we'll get there and so essentially this cap introduces all essentially this cap introduces all. Essentially this cap introduces all these new config settings um but the these new config settings um but the. These new config settings um but the default values are the exact same values default values are the exact same values. Default values are the exact same values that are currently hardcoded into core that are currently hardcoded into core. That are currently hardcoded into core and so cap 70 will have no noticeable and so cap 70 will have no noticeable. And so cap 70 will have no noticeable change um when it's uh initially change um when it's uh initially. Change um when it's uh initially implemented but just opens the door to implemented but just opens the door to. Implemented but just opens the door to have more configurability and hopefully have more configurability and hopefully. Have more configurability and hopefully tighter iteration cycles as we go to tighter iteration cycles as we go to. Tighter iteration cycles as we go to improve consensus and nomination timing improve consensus and nomination timing. Improve consensus and nomination timing in the in the in the future. Yeah. So, I think it's uh pretty. Future. Yeah. So, I think it's uh pretty future. Yeah. So, I think it's uh pretty. Straightforward and probably um not straightforward and probably um not straightforward and probably um not. Super controversial, but if anyone has super controversial, but if anyone has super controversial, but if anyone has. Any questions or wants to talk about, any questions or wants to talk about, any questions or wants to talk about,. You know, feel free. Um yes have a small question which I Um yes have a small question which I kind of already asked in the but. Kind of already asked in the but kind of already asked in the but basically basically. Basically um is it um is it um is it possible like for example for seran possible like for example for seran. Possible like for example for seran network settings it is relatively easy network settings it is relatively easy. Network settings it is relatively easy to understand what every settings means to understand what every settings means. To understand what every settings means and you know if you're for example and you know if you're for example. And you know if you're for example increasing the prov limit for increasing the prov limit for. Increasing the prov limit for instruction like 100x it is kind of easy instruction like 100x it is kind of easy. Instruction like 100x it is kind of easy to spot that it's probably not going to to spot that it's probably not going to. To spot that it's probably not going to work because we will take 100 times more work because we will take 100 times more. Work because we will take 100 times more time to close the ledger. So my question. Time to close the ledger. So my question time to close the ledger. So my question. Here is here is here is uh how risky is this set of parameters? Uh how risky is this set of parameters? Uh how risky is this set of parameters? Is it possible to um accidentally uh v Is it possible to um accidentally uh v Is it possible to um accidentally uh v. For an upgrade that breaks the network for an upgrade that breaks the network for an upgrade that breaks the network. In an unintuitive way because we're kind in an unintuitive way because we're kind. In an unintuitive way because we're kind of uh altering the uh consensus of uh altering the uh consensus. Of uh altering the uh consensus algorithm which on its own is used to algorithm which on its own is used to. Algorithm which on its own is used to uh well do everything on the network uh well do everything on the network. Uh well do everything on the network such as upgrades. So unbreaking the such as upgrades. So unbreaking the. Such as upgrades. So unbreaking the network would be tricky. So you know how network would be tricky. So you know how. Network would be tricky. So you know how risky it is to break the network. Risky it is to break the network. Risky it is to break the network. Yeah. So I I do agree with you. Uh these Yeah. So I I do agree with you. Uh these. Yeah. So I I do agree with you. Uh these are pretty kind of uh you know low-level. Are pretty kind of uh you know low-level are pretty kind of uh you know low-level. Technical settings. Um I think kind of technical settings. Um I think kind of technical settings. Um I think kind of. The reason uh it makes sense from a the reason uh it makes sense from a the reason uh it makes sense from a. Technical standpoint to be config technical standpoint to be config technical standpoint to be config. Settings is that these are things that settings is that these are things that settings is that these are things that. We want to change often and kind of we want to change often and kind of we want to change often and kind of. Slowly over time um to you know make slowly over time um to you know make slowly over time um to you know make. Small incremental progress and all the small incremental progress and all the small incremental progress and all the. Nodes have to agree on them. So it makes nodes have to agree on them. So it makes. Nodes have to agree on them. So it makes sense to be conflict setting but they sense to be conflict setting but they. Sense to be conflict setting but they definitely are difficult to understand. Definitely are difficult to understand. Definitely are difficult to understand. And so I think as far as validation um And so I think as far as validation um And so I think as far as validation um. Pretty much the only tool that we have pretty much the only tool that we have pretty much the only tool that we have. Is supercluster and kind of simulating is supercluster and kind of simulating is supercluster and kind of simulating. The network and seeing the effect these the network and seeing the effect these the network and seeing the effect these. Values will have. Um and they definitely values will have. Um and they definitely. Values will have. Um and they definitely have effects that are sometimes not have effects that are sometimes not. Have effects that are sometimes not super intuitive. And so I think what we super intuitive. And so I think what we. Super intuitive. And so I think what we might want to do is uh at the uh might want to do is uh at the uh. Might want to do is uh at the uh especially when we just launched these especially when we just launched these. Especially when we just launched these features um is to put tight bounds onto features um is to put tight bounds onto. Features um is to put tight bounds onto the acceptable values. Uh so for the acceptable values. Uh so for. The acceptable values. Uh so for instance like if today um the default instance like if today um the default. Instance like if today um the default value for you know electric close timer value for you know electric close timer. Value for you know electric close timer is 500 or 5,000 milliseconds or 5 is 500 or 5,000 milliseconds or 5. Is 500 or 5,000 milliseconds or 5 seconds uh if you were to change that to seconds uh if you were to change that to. Seconds uh if you were to change that to 50 milliseconds uh the network uh that 50 milliseconds uh the network uh that. 50 milliseconds uh the network uh that bad things would happen um and uh the bad things would happen um and uh the. Bad things would happen um and uh the network would be very unstable and so network would be very unstable and so. Network would be very unstable and so perhaps uh what we can do is um given perhaps uh what we can do is um given. Perhaps uh what we can do is um given that at least my thinking the goal with that at least my thinking the goal with. That at least my thinking the goal with this gap is to make small incre this gap is to make small incre. This gap is to make small incre improvements uh we could have very tight improvements uh we could have very tight. Improvements uh we could have very tight bounds um just at the uh you bounds um just at the uh you. Bounds um just at the uh you implementation uh level. Um and so say implementation uh level. Um and so say. Implementation uh level. Um and so say for instance like in protocol 23 uh we for instance like in protocol 23 uh we. For instance like in protocol 23 uh we could say that the lower bound on the uh could say that the lower bound on the uh. Could say that the lower bound on the uh ledger close time is like four 4 seconds. Ledger close time is like four 4 seconds ledger close time is like four 4 seconds. Or maybe like 3 and a half or like that. Or maybe like 3 and a half or like that. Or maybe like 3 and a half or like that. And so worst case you know if someone And so worst case you know if someone And so worst case you know if someone. Was to propose like a 50 millisecond was to propose like a 50 millisecond was to propose like a 50 millisecond. Change it just wouldn't go through. And change it just wouldn't go through. And change it just wouldn't go through. And. You know um even like these lower bounds you know um even like these lower bounds. You know um even like these lower bounds I think these would be like kind of uh I think these would be like kind of uh. I think these would be like kind of uh guesses at this point uh because there's guesses at this point uh because there's. Guesses at this point uh because there's still lots of testing um and validity still lots of testing um and validity. Still lots of testing um and validity checking that needs to be done on these checking that needs to be done on these. Checking that needs to be done on these values. But I think like you know um if values. But I think like you know um if. Values. But I think like you know um if you go from 5 seconds to 4 seconds that you go from 5 seconds to 4 seconds that. You go from 5 seconds to 4 seconds that might still cause some network might still cause some network. Might still cause some network instability. But I don't think you would instability. But I don't think you would. Instability. But I don't think you would break the network um in the same way break the network um in the same way. Break the network um in the same way that you would if you went from like you that you would if you went from like you. That you would if you went from like you know 5 seconds to 50 milliseconds. Um know 5 seconds to 50 milliseconds. Um. Know 5 seconds to 50 milliseconds. Um and so uh would something like that and so uh would something like that. And so uh would something like that maybe some tighter bounds uh alleviate maybe some tighter bounds uh alleviate. Maybe some tighter bounds uh alleviate some of your concerns? Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Um this I Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Um this I still feel it might be a bit scary but. Still feel it might be a bit scary but still feel it might be a bit scary but yeah I guess we can try make sure that. Yeah I guess we can try make sure that yeah I guess we can try make sure that maybe one. Maybe one maybe one thing I thought of when you were talking thing I thought of when you were talking. Thing I thought of when you were talking uh is that maybe we could limit the uh is that maybe we could limit the. Uh is that maybe we could limit the upgrade not only in absolute sense but upgrade not only in absolute sense but. Upgrade not only in absolute sense but also in relative sense that you cannot also in relative sense that you cannot. Also in relative sense that you cannot reduce by more than reduce by more than reduce by more than. X% the current value something that x% the current value something that x% the current value something that. So that yeah we don't need to guess too so that yeah we don't need to guess too so that yeah we don't need to guess too. Hard. It just kind of enforces hard. It just kind of enforces hard. It just kind of enforces. Incrementality. Incrementality. Incrementality. Yeah, that's a good idea. I think I mean Yeah, that's a good idea. I think I mean. Yeah, that's a good idea. I think I mean like relative uh values like might have like relative uh values like might have. Like relative uh values like might have some potential issues like so for some potential issues like so for. Some potential issues like so for instance um I I think I like the limited instance um I I think I like the limited. Instance um I I think I like the limited bounds a little bit better than relative. Bounds a little bit better than relative bounds a little bit better than relative. Changes because you might be in a changes because you might be in a changes because you might be in a. Scenario uh where for some reason um the scenario uh where for some reason um the. Scenario uh where for some reason um the network is broken either because you've network is broken either because you've. Network is broken either because you've you know changed limits in some way or you know changed limits in some way or. You know changed limits in some way or maybe that there's like some sort of maybe that there's like some sort of. Maybe that there's like some sort of like um like a thing that's uh external like um like a thing that's uh external. Like um like a thing that's uh external to these parameters that's gone wrong to these parameters that's gone wrong. To these parameters that's gone wrong that um also needs fixing. So I could that um also needs fixing. So I could. That um also needs fixing. So I could see a uh a possibility where uh due to see a uh a possibility where uh due to. See a uh a possibility where uh due to um the network being in a bad state, it um the network being in a bad state, it. Um the network being in a bad state, it would be advantageous to make large would be advantageous to make large. Would be advantageous to make large changes to these values. Um and so I changes to these values. Um and so I. Changes to these values. Um and so I don't know if the relative uh sort of um don't know if the relative uh sort of um. Don't know if the relative uh sort of um safety measure um is as safe as it safety measure um is as safe as it. Safety measure um is as safe as it sounds from like a disaster recovery sounds from like a disaster recovery. Sounds from like a disaster recovery standpoint. Um but I think I think standpoint. Um but I think I think. Standpoint. Um but I think I think limited bounds um at the minimum would limited bounds um at the minimum would. Limited bounds um at the minimum would be good and like even for like the be good and like even for like the. Be good and like even for like the relative you know limit uh the relative relative you know limit uh the relative. Relative you know limit uh the relative limitations. The issue is is that for limitations. The issue is is that for. Limitations. The issue is is that for some of these values um you can you know some of these values um you can you know. Some of these values um you can you know uh do damage going in both directions uh do damage going in both directions. Uh do damage going in both directions right so like uh you know increasing right so like uh you know increasing. Right so like uh you know increasing nomination timeout um may improve nomination timeout um may improve. Nomination timeout um may improve performance um but uh you know so uh performance um but uh you know so uh. Performance um but uh you know so uh what I mean by this is that like uh what I mean by this is that like uh. What I mean by this is that like uh these parameters um it's not that like these parameters um it's not that like. These parameters um it's not that like you know the network gets uh more you know the network gets uh more. You know the network gets uh more unstable if you go you know one unstable if you go you know one. Unstable if you go you know one direction and then uh less or and then direction and then uh less or and then. Direction and then uh less or and then more stable if you go the other and so I more stable if you go the other and so I. More stable if you go the other and so I think um you So having relative bounds think um you So having relative bounds. Think um you So having relative bounds might be a little tricky. I agree like the uh yeah having bounds I agree like the uh yeah having bounds in general is just absolute bones is. In general is just absolute bones is in general is just absolute bones is probably the way we want this. Probably the way we want this. Probably the way we want this. Um, like I think we may want to have Um, like I think we may want to have Um, like I think we may want to have. Those be more like some sort of like those be more like some sort of like those be more like some sort of like. Config settings because I could see like config settings because I could see like. Config settings because I could see like for as the goal of this is to understand. For as the goal of this is to understand for as the goal of this is to understand. It in in you know like in in the context it in in you know like in in the context. It in in you know like in in the context of like we want eventually to move those. Of like we want eventually to move those of like we want eventually to move those. In the on the public in the on the public in the on the public network have like the same defaults. So. Network have like the same defaults. So network have like the same defaults. So that public network yeah is like uh it. That public network yeah is like uh it that public network yeah is like uh it would take basically many uh you know. Would take basically many uh you know would take basically many uh you know many things to uh to be overridden. for. Many things to uh to be overridden. for many things to uh to be overridden. for for a bad vote to be accepted. But in a. For a bad vote to be accepted. But in a for a bad vote to be accepted. But in a other environment like test net or a a. Other environment like test net or a a other environment like test net or a a test. Test test cluster maybe you want to actually see cluster maybe you want to actually see. Cluster maybe you want to actually see what happens if you set those things to what happens if you set those things to. What happens if you set those things to you know like half a second or whatever. You know like half a second or whatever. You know like half a second or whatever. So yeah, so I think it's the type of So yeah, so I think it's the type of So yeah, so I think it's the type of. Thing that we should do on the thing that we should do on the thing that we should do on the. Uh the thing I wanted to add though to uh the thing I wanted to add though to uh the thing I wanted to add though to. This uh cap is that um yeah it's it's this uh cap is that um yeah it's it's this uh cap is that um yeah it's it's. The it's only the first building block I the it's only the first building block I. The it's only the first building block I mean or the first change I think uh I mean or the first change I think uh I. Mean or the first change I think uh I imagine that is needed uh to really move imagine that is needed uh to really move. Imagine that is needed uh to really move uh on the latency front because I can uh on the latency front because I can. Uh on the latency front because I can see certain things like that are going see certain things like that are going. See certain things like that are going to be impacted as um if HD this runtime to be impacted as um if HD this runtime. To be impacted as um if HD this runtime gets uh too small cuz today we have uh gets uh too small cuz today we have uh. Gets uh too small cuz today we have uh for example the um uh a lot of things on for example the um uh a lot of things on. For example the um uh a lot of things on the network that are tied to uh to like the network that are tied to uh to like. The network that are tied to uh to like this 5 seconds. So like the uh the thing this 5 seconds. So like the uh the thing. This 5 seconds. So like the uh the thing I can think of is uh uh we um we take I can think of is uh uh we um we take. I can think of is uh uh we um we take snapshots every 64 ledgers or the how snapshots every 64 ledgers or the how. Snapshots every 64 ledgers or the how fast do we spill from you know one level fast do we spill from you know one level. Fast do we spill from you know one level to another. those things maybe need to to another. those things maybe need to. To another. those things maybe need to change uh as the block time gets goes change uh as the block time gets goes. Change uh as the block time gets goes down and right now they are not down and right now they are not. Down and right now they are not configurable. Uh, of course configurable. Uh, of course. Configurable. Uh, of course changing the the u speed of spilling uh changing the the u speed of spilling uh. Changing the the u speed of spilling uh is a much more involved change than uh is a much more involved change than uh. Is a much more involved change than uh than changing the runtime. But that's I than changing the runtime. But that's I. Than changing the runtime. But that's I think something that maybe we'll have to think something that maybe we'll have to. Think something that maybe we'll have to to think about. Yeah. And I think that's uh one of the Yeah. And I think that's uh one of the things that makes like this is a complex. Things that makes like this is a complex things that makes like this is a complex. Thing. um interesting is that you know thing. um interesting is that you know thing. um interesting is that you know. Uh lowering the block time is down is uh lowering the block time is down is uh lowering the block time is down is. Bound to break something. I mean you bound to break something. I mean you bound to break something. I mean you. Know we can test dollar stellar core and know we can test dollar stellar core and. Know we can test dollar stellar core and simulation environments and stuff and simulation environments and stuff and. Simulation environments and stuff and even if you know the actual like layer even if you know the actual like layer. Even if you know the actual like layer one doesn't break downstream like one doesn't break downstream like. One doesn't break downstream like something will break somewhere for sure. Something will break somewhere for sure. Something will break somewhere for sure. Um and so the hopefully if you you know Um and so the hopefully if you you know Um and so the hopefully if you you know. Shave 100 milliseconds off the time you shave 100 milliseconds off the time you shave 100 milliseconds off the time you. Have you know one thing breaking at a have you know one thing breaking at a have you know one thing breaking at a. Time in minor ways whereas if you went time in minor ways whereas if you went time in minor ways whereas if you went. From like 5 seconds to two and a half from like 5 seconds to two and a half from like 5 seconds to two and a half. I'd imagine many many things would break I'd imagine many many things would break. I'd imagine many many things would break all at once which would be sad. I have more questions but the only I have more questions but the only comment that I have is that um again. Comment that I have is that um again comment that I have is that um again this is a similar property of all the. This is a similar property of all the this is a similar property of all the settings but since there is no like. Settings but since there is no like settings but since there is no like protocol version bump attached that. Protocol version bump attached that protocol version bump attached that doesn't that means that uh network may. Doesn't that means that uh network may doesn't that means that uh network may run on different versions of the core. Run on different versions of the core run on different versions of the core software which means that um the the. Software which means that um the the software which means that um the the plan of like uh doing an upgrade based. Plan of like uh doing an upgrade based plan of like uh doing an upgrade based on some minor release changes may not be. On some minor release changes may not be on some minor release changes may not be. Necessarily sustainable because it's necessarily sustainable because it's necessarily sustainable because it's. Kind of tricky to get everyone on the kind of tricky to get everyone on the kind of tricky to get everyone on the. Same version of the software and I guess same version of the software and I guess. Same version of the software and I guess this may like we can try to make it this may like we can try to make it. This may like we can try to make it happen but uh still imagine the like happen but uh still imagine the like. Happen but uh still imagine the like major changes this direction would still major changes this direction would still. Major changes this direction would still need to be tied to like major releases need to be tied to like major releases. Need to be tied to like major releases probably. So I'm understand config probably. So I'm understand config. Probably. So I'm understand config setting. It's just an observation that setting. It's just an observation that. Setting. It's just an observation that even though it's a config setting, we even though it's a config setting, we. Even though it's a config setting, we might not be able to change it too might not be able to change it too. Might not be able to change it too often. Often. Often. Yeah. And I think that's why I'm kind of Yeah. And I think that's why I'm kind of. Yeah. And I think that's why I'm kind of in favor of like a runtime bound limits. In favor of like a runtime bound limits. In favor of like a runtime bound limits. Um I think Nico might have been hinting Um I think Nico might have been hinting Um I think Nico might have been hinting. At like having like a config setting at like having like a config setting at like having like a config setting. That's like the actual value and then an that's like the actual value and then an. That's like the actual value and then an additional config setting for the bound. Additional config setting for the bound. Additional config setting for the bound. Um, but I think like to Dimma's point, Um, but I think like to Dimma's point, Um, but I think like to Dimma's point,. You know, like a protocol 23 package, you know, like a protocol 23 package, you know, like a protocol 23 package,. Um, it's it should be known um, that um, it's it should be known um, that um, it's it should be known um, that. Like, you know, the 23.0 package like, you know, the 23.0 package like, you know, the 23.0 package. Probably can only run within like these probably can only run within like these probably can only run within like these. Timing envelopes. And so I think that timing envelopes. And so I think that timing envelopes. And so I think that. Might be what uh, what's interesting um, might be what uh, what's interesting um,. Might be what uh, what's interesting um, is that, you know, even though is that, you know, even though. Is that, you know, even though technically it's a config setting, what technically it's a config setting, what. Technically it's a config setting, what we might do is that we can only um, you we might do is that we can only um, you. We might do is that we can only um, you know, even though the bounds are um, uh, know, even though the bounds are um, uh,. Know, even though the bounds are um, uh, part of runtime or, you know, they can part of runtime or, you know, they can. Part of runtime or, you know, they can even be part of the protocol at this even be part of the protocol at this. Even be part of the protocol at this point. Um and then like uh say the bound point. Um and then like uh say the bound. Point. Um and then like uh say the bound like the lower bound is 4 seconds in P23. Like the lower bound is 4 seconds in P23 like the lower bound is 4 seconds in P23. And then uh the lower bound in P24 could and then uh the lower bound in P24 could. And then uh the lower bound in P24 could be like 3 seconds. And so you don't be like 3 seconds. And so you don't. Be like 3 seconds. And so you don't change the actual value um on the P23 to change the actual value um on the P23 to. Change the actual value um on the P23 to P24 upgrade. Uh but you chose you change. P24 upgrade. Uh but you chose you change P24 upgrade. Uh but you chose you change. How low the value can be. And I think how low the value can be. And I think how low the value can be. And I think. That might be the uh the best way to that might be the uh the best way to that might be the uh the best way to. Kind of think about these settings is kind of think about these settings is kind of think about these settings is. That you know there is uh the bounds can that you know there is uh the bounds can. That you know there is uh the bounds can change as you know our latency on change as you know our latency on. Change as you know our latency on ellipse gets better but the actual value ellipse gets better but the actual value. Ellipse gets better but the actual value is dependent on the network config is dependent on the network config. Is dependent on the network config settings. Yeah. And I guess to that point like Yeah. And I guess to that point like since since. Since bounceration bounceration bounceration yeah actually not sure if you can make. Yeah actually not sure if you can make yeah actually not sure if you can make some notes to disagree on the upgrade. Some notes to disagree on the upgrade some notes to disagree on the upgrade validity. Validity validity maybe yeah anyways that's not super maybe yeah anyways that's not super. Maybe yeah anyways that's not super important but yeah something to I don't important but yeah something to I don't. Important but yeah something to I don't think this really needs to be part of think this really needs to be part of. Think this really needs to be part of the protocol I mean I think this can be the protocol I mean I think this can be. The protocol I mean I think this can be like a safety thing where um you know like a safety thing where um you know. Like a safety thing where um you know there's like a contract that the the there's like a contract that the the. There's like a contract that the the upper and lower bound are just you know upper and lower bound are just you know. Upper and lower bound are just you know constants in the C++ code similar to how constants in the C++ code similar to how. Constants in the C++ code similar to how the upper and lower bounds for other the upper and lower bounds for other. The upper and lower bounds for other config settings are um and there is just config settings are um and there is just. Config settings are um and there is just like a agreed upon you know contract like a agreed upon you know contract. Like a agreed upon you know contract that you change these bounds on protocol boundaries I guess there's a question. Boundaries I guess there's a question chat so do we run the changes on the chat so do we run the changes on the. Chat so do we run the changes on the super cluster and then provide the super cluster and then provide the. Super cluster and then provide the validators input on any hardware of AM validators input on any hardware of AM. Validators input on any hardware of AM upgrades in a timely upgrades in a timely upgrades in a timely. Manner I guess can answer yeah yeah So I manner I guess can answer yeah yeah So I. Manner I guess can answer yeah yeah So I think um uh yeah I think the answer is think um uh yeah I think the answer is. Think um uh yeah I think the answer is yes. Uh so we're doing lots of yes. Uh so we're doing lots of. Yes. Uh so we're doing lots of supercluster testing and I think part of supercluster testing and I think part of. Supercluster testing and I think part of this work too is that I've been kind of this work too is that I've been kind of. This work too is that I've been kind of running um you know uh some one-off running um you know uh some one-off. Running um you know uh some one-off tests myself of late and I'm not sure if tests myself of late and I'm not sure if. Tests myself of late and I'm not sure if the default values on mainet today are the default values on mainet today are. The default values on mainet today are actually the best values uh for the uh actually the best values uh for the uh. Actually the best values uh for the uh network as it exists. um in particular network as it exists. um in particular. Network as it exists. um in particular the 1 second nomination timeout value the 1 second nomination timeout value. The 1 second nomination timeout value and the 1 second ballot nomination or and the 1 second ballot nomination or. And the 1 second ballot nomination or ballot timeout value are kind of like ballot timeout value are kind of like. Ballot timeout value are kind of like hard-coded magic constants that have hard-coded magic constants that have. Hard-coded magic constants that have been in core forever that we haven't been in core forever that we haven't. Been in core forever that we haven't really questioned and so I think um part really questioned and so I think um part. Really questioned and so I think um part of this uh while not uh part of the of this uh while not uh part of the. Of this uh while not uh part of the actual you know cap itself is you know actual you know cap itself is you know. Actual you know cap itself is you know after we've released 23 doing testing after we've released 23 doing testing. After we've released 23 doing testing both in supercluster and um you know both in supercluster and um you know. Both in supercluster and um you know intestance and things like this and intestance and things like this and. Intestance and things like this and finding out what the uh the true value finding out what the uh the true value. Finding out what the uh the true value of these things should be I don't think of these things should be I don't think. Of these things should be I don't think um you know ledger close time I think um you know ledger close time I think. Um you know ledger close time I think that one's you know pretty pretty set at that one's you know pretty pretty set at. That one's you know pretty pretty set at 5 seconds. But for these other values, I. 5 seconds. But for these other values, I 5 seconds. But for these other values, I. Think um there probably is some think um there probably is some think um there probably is some. Experimentation to figure out what the experimentation to figure out what the experimentation to figure out what the. Actual correct value should be in actual correct value should be in actual correct value should be in. Protocol 23 and then of course in future protocol 23 and then of course in future. Protocol 23 and then of course in future protot um figuring out the correct protot um figuring out the correct. Protot um figuring out the correct values are there as well. I have a lot values are there as well. I have a lot. Values are there as well. I have a lot to say. Uh the intention is not to you to say. Uh the intention is not to you. To say. Uh the intention is not to you know um I think to answer those question know um I think to answer those question. Know um I think to answer those question more specifically to not use these more specifically to not use these. More specifically to not use these config parameters to like force hardware config parameters to like force hardware. Config parameters to like force hardware changes or like force validators to you changes or like force validators to you. Changes or like force validators to you know upgrade to beefier EKS. I think know upgrade to beefier EKS. I think. Know upgrade to beefier EKS. I think that's a different conversation. Um but that's a different conversation. Um but. That's a different conversation. Um but uh so so I think yeah we'll definitely uh so so I think yeah we'll definitely. Uh so so I think yeah we'll definitely test um and the goal is not to use these test um and the goal is not to use these. Test um and the goal is not to use these parameters to require you to you know parameters to require you to you know. Parameters to require you to you know buy more expensive Right. And guess if there are no more. Right. And guess if there are no more questions on this topic, uh we questions on this topic, uh we. Questions on this topic, uh we can make a quick round up can make a quick round up. Can make a quick round up propos this protocol. This is what this propos this protocol. This is what this. Propos this protocol. This is what this med is supposed to be about. Um yeah med is supposed to be about. Um yeah. Med is supposed to be about. Um yeah maybe can I suggest like uh yeah not maybe can I suggest like uh yeah not. Maybe can I suggest like uh yeah not spending a whole lot of time on each cap spending a whole lot of time on each cap. Spending a whole lot of time on each cap and it's more like if there are caps and it's more like if there are caps. And it's more like if there are caps that maybe had like some significant or that maybe had like some significant or. That maybe had like some significant or some changes in the last uh you know some changes in the last uh you know. Some changes in the last uh you know last month maybe we can briefly talk last month maybe we can briefly talk. Last month maybe we can briefly talk about that but otherwise yeah like just about that but otherwise yeah like just. About that but otherwise yeah like just yeah yeah exactly that was my yeah yeah exactly that was my. Yeah yeah exactly that was my plan basically what I wanted to start plan basically what I wanted to start. Plan basically what I wanted to start with is uh quickly go over caps that uh with is uh quickly go over caps that uh. With is uh quickly go over caps that uh haven't changed and uh I That's the only haven't changed and uh I That's the only. Haven't changed and uh I That's the only thing the only action item that remains thing the only action item that remains. Thing the only action item that remains with them is just uh to approve them I with them is just uh to approve them I. With them is just uh to approve them I guess. So guess. So guess. So uh no particular order cup 65 reusable. Uh no particular order cup 65 reusable uh no particular order cup 65 reusable module cache has been both finalized a. Module cache has been both finalized a module cache has been both finalized a while ago and also implemented and. While ago and also implemented and while ago and also implemented and merged. No changes. Merged. No changes merged. No changes there. There. There. Um then Um then Um then uh parallel uh uh parallel uh uh parallel uh sorry memories. Sorry memories. Sorry memories. Um okay. Cap 62 and 66 about uh state Um okay. Cap 62 and 66 about uh state Um okay. Cap 62 and 66 about uh state. Archival and in memory resource current archival and in memory resource current archival and in memory resource current. Um are still in implementation progress um are still in implementation progress um are still in implementation progress. But there were no changes to the cap but there were no changes to the cap but there were no changes to the cap. Semantics as well. So please stay as semantics as well. So please stay as semantics as well. So please stay as. They they they are. Are. Are. Um, cap. Yeah. Uh, cap 63 prior proism friendly Yeah. Uh, cap 63 prior proism friendly transaction scheduling. Uh, again no. Transaction scheduling. Uh, again no transaction scheduling. Uh, again no changes. uh. Changes. uh changes. uh protocol part of the implementation work protocol part of the implementation work. Protocol part of the implementation work is done for the most part. The actual is done for the most part. The actual. Is done for the most part. The actual parallel execution is work in progress parallel execution is work in progress. Parallel execution is work in progress but again no substantial changes but again no substantial changes. But again no substantial changes there. There. There. Um caps Um caps Um caps uh cap 70 has just been discussed. Uh cap 70 has just been discussed. Uh cap 70 has just been discussed. Um cap 69 new host functions hasn't been um cap 69 new host functions hasn't been. Um cap 69 new host functions hasn't been implemented but there were no new implemented but there were no new. Implemented but there were no new suggestions there and what remains are suggestions there and what remains are. Suggestions there and what remains are cap 68 and cap 68 and cap 68 and 67 and I guess for cap 68 uh there. 67 and I guess for cap 68 uh there 67 and I guess for cap 68 uh there weren't any changes themselves as a cap. Weren't any changes themselves as a cap weren't any changes themselves as a cap about host function for getting. About host function for getting about host function for getting executable for a contract address um but. Executable for a contract address um but executable for a contract address um but. I know Lee is Lee here uh uh might not be here. We had some uh might not be here. We had some. Concerns about necessity of this concerns about necessity of this concerns about necessity of this. Function and uh we could maybe work it function and uh we could maybe work it function and uh we could maybe work it. Out during this meeting. But um yeah, out during this meeting. But um yeah, out during this meeting. But um yeah,. Since we doesn't seem to be here, I since we doesn't seem to be here, I since we doesn't seem to be here, I. Guess we'll take this offline. Um but in guess we'll take this offline. Um but in. Guess we'll take this offline. Um but in any case, I don't think there will be any case, I don't think there will be. Any case, I don't think there will be changes to this cup. Like the worst case changes to this cup. Like the worst case. Changes to this cup. Like the worst case is that uh we'll just not do it if you is that uh we'll just not do it if you. Is that uh we'll just not do it if you think it is not necessary. Think it is not necessary. Think it is not necessary. Um and I guess what remains is Cap 67 Um and I guess what remains is Cap 67 Um and I guess what remains is Cap 67. Which is uh the unified asset events. Um which is uh the unified asset events. Um. Which is uh the unified asset events. Um and there has been a lot of discussion and there has been a lot of discussion. And there has been a lot of discussion about this cap and pretty sure there about this cap and pretty sure there. About this cap and pretty sure there were changes to it um recently and the were changes to it um recently and the. Were changes to it um recently and the changes were basically ironing out some changes were basically ironing out some. Changes were basically ironing out some edge cases. Edge cases. Edge cases. Um specifically Um specifically Um specifically um okay looking like working backwards. Um okay looking like working backwards um okay looking like working backwards from the history what we did update is. From the history what we did update is from the history what we did update is that um we completely removed. That um we completely removed that um we completely removed uh from max ID from all the classic. Uh from max ID from all the classic uh from max ID from all the classic events. So for some context. Events. So for some context events. So for some context um originally CP 67 proposed um for. Um originally CP 67 proposed um for um originally CP 67 proposed um for transfer events uh emitted by by the. Transfer events uh emitted by by the transfer events uh emitted by by the classic operations this cap 67 and uh by. Classic operations this cap 67 and uh by classic operations this cap 67 and uh by. Sban token transfers sban token transfers sban token transfers um starting from prole 23. Uh initially. Um starting from prole 23. Uh initially um starting from prole 23. Uh initially there was a proposal to allow. There was a proposal to allow there was a proposal to allow multiplexing for the transfer source. Um. Multiplexing for the transfer source. Um multiplexing for the transfer source. Um. But since it leads to but since it leads to but since it leads to uh a number of inconsistencies and is. Uh a number of inconsistencies and is uh a number of inconsistencies and is generally not something super widely. Generally not something super widely generally not something super widely used basically it's like a transfer. Used basically it's like a transfer used basically it's like a transfer where you want to know that some virtual. Where you want to know that some virtual where you want to know that some virtual. Cast account has initiated it even so I cast account has initiated it even so I cast account has initiated it even so I. Still need to sign for it. this kind of still need to sign for it. this kind of still need to sign for it. this kind of. A weird use case and I guess the outcome a weird use case and I guess the outcome. A weird use case and I guess the outcome of the discussion on all the edge cases of the discussion on all the edge cases. Of the discussion on all the edge cases this comes with was that uh let's not do this comes with was that uh let's not do. This comes with was that uh let's not do this for a while uh until at least next this for a while uh until at least next. This for a while uh until at least next protocol and uh let's just focus on the protocol and uh let's just focus on the. Protocol and uh let's just focus on the minimum things that we definitely know minimum things that we definitely know. Minimum things that we definitely know is useful which is uh to multiplex idea is useful which is uh to multiplex idea. Is useful which is uh to multiplex idea and we know this is useful because this and we know this is useful because this. And we know this is useful because this is how exchanges typically is how exchanges typically. Is how exchanges typically identify uh their users that represent a identify uh their users that represent a. Identify uh their users that represent a non- custodial accounts so they can non- custodial accounts so they can. Non- custodial accounts so they can attribute uh token deposits to their uh attribute uh token deposits to their uh. Attribute uh token deposits to their uh owner owner owner database. Um so this is one change. Database. Um so this is one change. Database. Um so this is one change. Um, another change is Um, another change is Um, another change is actually what makes this cap still uh. Actually what makes this cap still uh actually what makes this cap still uh not ready for for the final approval I. Not ready for for the final approval I not ready for for the final approval I guess is. Guess is guess is um the change to how we um the change to how we um the change to how we. Uh how we emit the information about the uh how we emit the information about the. Uh how we emit the information about the fury funds. So again from the previous fury funds. So again from the previous. Fury funds. So again from the previous discussion the current status is that uh discussion the current status is that uh. Discussion the current status is that uh it will emit two events um called fee it will emit two events um called fee. It will emit two events um called fee and the first fee event is what we and the first fee event is what we. And the first fee event is what we charge initially before applying the charge initially before applying the. Charge initially before applying the transaction and the second event is also transaction and the second event is also. Transaction and the second event is also a fee event but with negative value and a fee event but with negative value and. A fee event but with negative value and it represents a refund. So no and sorban it represents a refund. So no and sorban. It represents a refund. So no and sorban refund there is refund both portion of refund there is refund both portion of. Refund there is refund both portion of the resource fee. So the resource fee. So the resource fee. So. Um whatever portion of the fees that um whatever portion of the fees that um whatever portion of the fees that. Hasn't been used will be funded after hasn't been used will be funded after hasn't been used will be funded after. Applying the transaction and this is applying the transaction and this is applying the transaction and this is. What we have in kept now. Um what we what we have in kept now. Um what we what we have in kept now. Um what we. Still haven't converged on is uh whether still haven't converged on is uh whether. Still haven't converged on is uh whether we want to add some additional we want to add some additional. We want to add some additional attributes to this fee events that uh attributes to this fee events that uh. Attributes to this fee events that uh tell the consumer of the event when tell the consumer of the event when. Tell the consumer of the event when exactly did this charge appear because exactly did this charge appear because. Exactly did this charge appear because um fees are charged before all the um fees are charged before all the. Um fees are charged before all the transactions are applied. So it's like transactions are applied. So it's like. Transactions are applied. So it's like not a part of the typical transaction not a part of the typical transaction. Not a part of the typical transaction flow and fee is refunded flow and fee is refunded. Flow and fee is refunded uh before protocol 23 it is refunded uh uh before protocol 23 it is refunded uh. Uh before protocol 23 it is refunded uh after the transaction is applied and after the transaction is applied and. After the transaction is applied and starting from protocol 23 if you will be starting from protocol 23 if you will be. Starting from protocol 23 if you will be refunded after all the transactions are refunded after all the transactions are. Refunded after all the transactions are applied. So there is this annoying applied. So there is this annoying. Applied. So there is this annoying inconsistency with all the other events inconsistency with all the other events. Inconsistency with all the other events because all the Azure events happen because all the Azure events happen. Because all the Azure events happen during transaction being applied. Fees during transaction being applied. Fees. During transaction being applied. Fees happen before sometimes after all the happen before sometimes after all the. Happen before sometimes after all the transactions were applied. Transactions were applied. Transactions were applied. And I And I And I guess the outcome is that we might alter guess the outcome is that we might alter. Guess the outcome is that we might alter the MXR slightly to add some information. The MXR slightly to add some information the MXR slightly to add some information. On what is the timing of the FE to kind on what is the timing of the FE to kind on what is the timing of the FE to kind. Of make this more obvious. But yeah, I'm of make this more obvious. But yeah, I'm. Of make this more obvious. But yeah, I'm still not sure if we have converged this. Still not sure if we have converged this still not sure if we have converged this. Uh value. So this is something I guess uh value. So this is something I guess uh value. So this is something I guess. We'll try to prioritize and um finalize we'll try to prioritize and um finalize we'll try to prioritize and um finalize. This cap. Um yeah, it this cap. Um yeah, it this cap. Um yeah, it is yeah I guess not a major is happening. Is yeah I guess not a major is happening is yeah I guess not a major is happening. Here but that's lots of small pieces here but that's lots of small pieces here but that's lots of small pieces. That it keep coming up so kind of it. So I guess that's the so kind of it. So I guess that's the. Only cap that is still not fully only cap that is still not fully only cap that is still not fully. Finalized. Finalized. Finalized. Um and I I hope this uh timing will be Um and I I hope this uh timing will be Um and I I hope this uh timing will be. The last small that we kind of clarify. Um yeah that's pretty much it. Um yeah that's pretty much it. Um right any questions from this camp or Um right any questions from this camp or. Um right any questions from this camp or any other caps? But again as I said any other caps? But again as I said. Any other caps? But again as I said before we proer caps are no changes. I guess there are no questions. Um I guess there are no questions. Um so I don't discuss it. Yeah. I was curious if uh. Discuss it. Yeah. I was curious if uh yeah if if there was like any feedback yeah if if there was like any feedback. Yeah if if there was like any feedback on the uh on the restriction that were on the uh on the restriction that were. On the uh on the restriction that were put on the memo from anybody. Okay. I don't see any feedback. Um my my I don't see any feedback. Um my my concern generally is that this stuff may. Concern generally is that this stuff may concern generally is that this stuff may. Not be super discoverable. Um my suspicion is that Um my suspicion is that uh if we make some incorrect decisions. Uh if we make some incorrect decisions uh if we make some incorrect decisions in terms of event layout, we'll learn. In terms of event layout, we'll learn in terms of event layout, we'll learn after we have uh launched cap 67 when. After we have uh launched cap 67 when after we have uh launched cap 67 when people start actually consuming the. People start actually consuming the people start actually consuming the events and find find out some uh use. Events and find find out some uh use events and find find out some uh use cases that are not covered. Cases that are not covered. Cases that are not covered. Um to be frank at this point, I think we Um to be frank at this point, I think we. Um to be frank at this point, I think we should just converge on something that should just converge on something that. Should just converge on something that uh simply works. Uh simply works. Uh simply works. 95% of the cases and uh yeah if we find 95% of the cases and uh yeah if we find 95% of the cases and uh yeah if we find. Some issues some issues some issues um after it has been launched uh we can um after it has been launched uh we can. Um after it has been launched uh we can address them in the future address them in the future. Address them in the future protocols protocols the good thing about protocols protocols the good thing about. Protocols protocols the good thing about ma events is that part of the protocol ma events is that part of the protocol. Ma events is that part of the protocol so we can issue a quick fix some so we can issue a quick fix some. So we can issue a quick fix some information is missing or not necessary information is missing or not necessary. Information is missing or not necessary or not represents a value as it should. Or not represents a value as it should. Or not represents a value as it should. So it is fixable and I think a cup 6 to So it is fixable and I think a cup 6 to So it is fixable and I think a cup 6 to. 7 is in a reasonable scale trip now 7 is in a reasonable scale trip now 7 is in a reasonable scale trip now. And it's too much room for and it's too much room for and it's too much room for centralization. Centralization. Centralization. So I I mean we are obviously open to the So I I mean we are obviously open to the. So I I mean we are obviously open to the feedback but yeah as I said objectively feedback but yeah as I said objectively. Feedback but yeah as I said objectively like I feel like at this point like we like I feel like at this point like we. Like I feel like at this point like we we got in such such edge cases yeah not we got in such such edge cases yeah not. We got in such such edge cases yeah not sure if it is clear enough for anyone sure if it is clear enough for anyone. Sure if it is clear enough for anyone who's who was even going to consume this who's who was even going to consume this. Who's who was even going to consume this events I don't think it's clear enough events I don't think it's clear enough. Events I don't think it's clear enough for them for them for them but things are happening or. Okay, can see typing. Um, I've been Okay, can see typing. Um, I've been talking a bit about cap 69, the getter. Talking a bit about cap 69, the getter talking a bit about cap 69, the getter for the address. For the address for the address executable. Executable. Executable. Um, yeah, for cap 67, the timing uh of Um, yeah, for cap 67, the timing uh of Um, yeah, for cap 67, the timing uh of. The fees. I I don't think this has been the fees. I I don't think this has been the fees. I I don't think this has been. Finalized. We need to finalize this I finalized. We need to finalize this I finalized. We need to finalize this I. Guess outside of this meeting. Guess outside of this meeting. Guess outside of this meeting. Um I think you're almost there. We can Um I think you're almost there. We can Um I think you're almost there. We can. Just add the timing email to the just add the timing email to the just add the timing email to the. Transaction events. Um but yeah, we transaction events. Um but yeah, we transaction events. Um but yeah, we. Still need to uh make the respective still need to uh make the respective still need to uh make the respective. Update and post some discussions thread update and post some discussions thread update and post some discussions thread. I guess. Um so what I wanted to talk I guess. Um so what I wanted to talk I guess. Um so what I wanted to talk. About is cap 69 I get 66 69 I get for about is cap 69 I get 66 69 I get for about is cap 69 I get 66 69 I get for. The address uh the address uh the address uh executable I know that you had some executable I know that you had some. Executable I know that you had some comments on this and there was some comments on this and there was some. Comments on this and there was some amazing discussion so maybe if you amazing discussion so maybe if you. Amazing discussion so maybe if you wanted to talk about this like you're wanted to talk about this like you're. Wanted to talk about this like you're concerned about it in general uh we concerned about it in general uh we. Concerned about it in general uh we could go on the stage Yeah, I think I think I. Yeah, I think I think I I I don't want to read just rehash what I I don't want to read just rehash what. I I don't want to read just rehash what Um, we discussed about I I think I was Um, we discussed about I I think I was. Um, we discussed about I I think I was just like a little bit fuzzy on it. Uh, just like a little bit fuzzy on it. Uh,. Just like a little bit fuzzy on it. Uh, second I'm just trying to find the cut. Sorry, what was the number? Sorry, what was the number? Um, it's 69. Oh, sorry. Uh 16. No, Oh, sorry. Uh 16. No, that's Yeah, because we split it. We we. That's Yeah, because we split it. We we that's Yeah, because we split it. We we That's right. We um split up into. So I I guess I kind of like like here is So I I guess I kind of like like here is. My point of view on this like my point of view on this like my point of view on this like. I kind of understand some of the I kind of understand some of the I kind of understand some of the. Concerns about like the use cases for concerns about like the use cases for concerns about like the use cases for. This that say not as well defined but this that say not as well defined but this that say not as well defined but. That said um just from the API that said um just from the API that said um just from the API. Standpoint standpoint standpoint I don't have like like what I'm looking I don't have like like what I'm looking. I don't have like like what I'm looking for is if there are concerns for the API for is if there are concerns for the API. For is if there are concerns for the API itself like if someone thinks that it is. Itself like if someone thinks that it is itself like if someone thinks that it is. Not the information we should be not the information we should be not the information we should be. Exposing at all um because if there are exposing at all um because if there are exposing at all um because if there are. Concerns like that then that's valid we concerns like that then that's valid we concerns like that then that's valid we. Could discuss them but you know if could discuss them but you know if could discuss them but you know if. You're like trying to understand like you're like trying to understand like you're like trying to understand like. The nuances of the use cases I like like the nuances of the use cases I like like. The nuances of the use cases I like like I feel like we can fulfill some of the I feel like we can fulfill some of the. I feel like we can fulfill some of the use cases at least and use cases at least and. Use cases at least and uh we can work on more advanced tools uh we can work on more advanced tools. Uh we can work on more advanced tools ess. Ess. Ess. Yeah, I think I think like the the API Yeah, I think I think like the the API Yeah, I think I think like the the API. That's proposed is very reasonable. I I that's proposed is very reasonable. I I that's proposed is very reasonable. I I. Think it it is very reasonable. Um I think it it is very reasonable. Um I think it it is very reasonable. Um I. Think it's the question is what you what think it's the question is what you what. Think it's the question is what you what you just highlighted in the is you just highlighted in the is. You just highlighted in the is it is there a reason not to expose this it is there a reason not to expose this. It is there a reason not to expose this information? And it's sort of it reminds information? And it's sort of it reminds. Information? And it's sort of it reminds me a little bit of the um when we were me a little bit of the um when we were. Me a little bit of the um when we were looking at what APIs to expose and what looking at what APIs to expose and what. Looking at what APIs to expose and what ones not to expose. one that we chose ones not to expose. one that we chose. Ones not to expose. one that we chose not to expose that other blockchains do not to expose that other blockchains do. Not to expose that other blockchains do and Ethereum does is the concept of a um and Ethereum does is the concept of a um. And Ethereum does is the concept of a um message.cender. Uh so like I think you message.cender. Uh so like I think you. Message.cender. Uh so like I think you know if there was a proposal to add know if there was a proposal to add. Know if there was a proposal to add message sender to sorban it would also message sender to sorban it would also. Message sender to sorban it would also look sort of similar to this one. It look sort of similar to this one. It. Look sort of similar to this one. It would look very reasonable. um it sort would look very reasonable. um it sort. Would look very reasonable. um it sort of makes sense as a primitive that a of makes sense as a primitive that a. Of makes sense as a primitive that a contractor would have access to, but we contractor would have access to, but we. Contractor would have access to, but we made an intentional decision not to made an intentional decision not to. Made an intentional decision not to include it in the original you know CAT include it in the original you know CAT. Include it in the original you know CAT 46s 46s 46s um um um because uh in we have seen the effect of. Because uh in we have seen the effect of because uh in we have seen the effect of. It in other ecosystems where uh you know it in other ecosystems where uh you know. It in other ecosystems where uh you know it can be used it can be used it can be used. Inappropriately you know in a way that inappropriately you know in a way that inappropriately you know in a way that. It's like a security issue. Um, and it it's like a security issue. Um, and it it's like a security issue. Um, and it. Sort of it provided a view into who's sort of it provided a view into who's sort of it provided a view into who's. Calling you. Uh, as opposed to like what calling you. Uh, as opposed to like what. Calling you. Uh, as opposed to like what the or framework that we've designed is the or framework that we've designed is. The or framework that we've designed is like a a better safer way um that like a a better safer way um that. Like a a better safer way um that abstracts the concepts of like accounts abstracts the concepts of like accounts. Abstracts the concepts of like accounts and address like accounts and and address like accounts and. And address like accounts and contracts. Um, so yeah, I guess that's contracts. Um, so yeah, I guess that's. Contracts. Um, so yeah, I guess that's that's where I'm coming from. That's that's where I'm coming from. That's. That's where I'm coming from. That's where my concerns are coming from. And where my concerns are coming from. And. Where my concerns are coming from. And when I like when I read through these when I like when I read through these. When I like when I read through these motiv the motivations in here, I think I motiv the motivations in here, I think I. Motiv the motivations in here, I think I understand the motivations now um but it. Understand the motivations now um but it understand the motivations now um but it. Doesn't it doesn't really completely doesn't it doesn't really completely doesn't it doesn't really completely. Address those those use cases. So you address those those use cases. So you address those those use cases. So you. Know if you want to pin the exact know if you want to pin the exact know if you want to pin the exact. Implementations yes it does work for implementations yes it does work for implementations yes it does work for. Direct dependencies but not um for you direct dependencies but not um for you direct dependencies but not um for you. Know transitive dependencies. Know transitive dependencies. Know transitive dependencies. Um, so as a primitive, it sounds like it Um, so as a primitive, it sounds like it. Um, so as a primitive, it sounds like it will fit some use cases. It's unclear if. Will fit some use cases. It's unclear if will fit some use cases. It's unclear if. It's completely solving those use cases it's completely solving those use cases it's completely solving those use cases. To me. And then yeah, I just have this to me. And then yeah, I just have this to me. And then yeah, I just have this. Concern as well of will this result in concern as well of will this result in concern as well of will this result in. Patterns of use that harm patterns of use that harm patterns of use that harm interoperability. Um,. Yeah, I agree on the parent's point. I'm yeah, I agree on the parent's point. I'm. Not sure if transitive dependencies not sure if transitive dependencies not sure if transitive dependencies. Necessarily like this have I think two necessarily like this have I think two necessarily like this have I think two. Concerns that are kind of incompatible concerns that are kind of incompatible concerns that are kind of incompatible. Right right right um because like if we went down the um because like if we went down the. Um because like if we went down the pinning road then like and the concern pinning road then like and the concern. Pinning road then like and the concern is that the pinning is not strong enough is that the pinning is not strong enough. Is that the pinning is not strong enough and we should also allow for transitive and we should also allow for transitive. And we should also allow for transitive pin uh then we are actually going deeper pin uh then we are actually going deeper. Pin uh then we are actually going deeper into the whole like uh no into the whole like uh no. Into the whole like uh no interoperability because not Not only do interoperability because not Not only do. Interoperability because not Not only do you like pin the direct call, but you you like pin the direct call, but you. You like pin the direct call, but you also want to pin something that happens also want to pin something that happens. Also want to pin something that happens in the like as an implementation detail in the like as an implementation detail. In the like as an implementation detail of that call. Of that call. Of that call. Um, honestly, like the harm well the Um, honestly, like the harm well the Um, honestly, like the harm well the. Harm impro interability piece. Sorry, harm impro interability piece. Sorry, harm impro interability piece. Sorry,. That's I think there's there's like a that's I think there's there's like a that's I think there's there's like a. Few different that's not so much about few different that's not so much about few different that's not so much about. The pinning. It's more to do with um the pinning. It's more to do with um the pinning. It's more to do with um. Making contracts aware of say the making contracts aware of say the making contracts aware of say the. Stellar asset contract versus another stellar asset contract versus another stellar asset contract versus another. Token and then writing behavior that you token and then writing behavior that you. Token and then writing behavior that you know is explicitly different for the know is explicitly different for the. Know is explicitly different for the two. Two. Two. Yeah. I mean I kind of guess it's Yeah. I mean I kind of guess it's Yeah. I mean I kind of guess it's. Concern like this asset contract concern like this asset contract concern like this asset contract. Specifically say you can do this right specifically say you can do this right specifically say you can do this right. Now if you want to. Now if you want to. Now if you want to. Um you need to like do a bit more work um you need to like do a bit more work um you need to like do a bit more work. Um than do that. Um than do that. Um than do that. So given that like like for for the site So given that like like for for the site. So given that like like for for the site versus non-sack like I I kind of get the. Versus non-sack like I I kind of get the versus non-sack like I I kind of get the. Concern but we cannot really hide the concern but we cannot really hide the concern but we cannot really hide the. Either. So I don't know either. So I don't know either. So I don't know like yeah not Oh you're saying you can. Like yeah not Oh you're saying you can like yeah not Oh you're saying you can do this today. You can already do this. Do this today. You can already do this do this today. You can already do this today because you can go and get the. Today because you can go and get the today because you can go and get the name. Yes. And you can encode the XDR. Name. Yes. And you can encode the XDR name. Yes. And you can encode the XDR and then verify if they match the same. And then verify if they match the same. And then verify if they match the same. That's a good point. Right. So, so That's a good point. Right. So, so That's a good point. Right. So, so. Basically like like here the trade-off basically like like here the trade-off basically like like here the trade-off. Is not between like whether like this is is not between like whether like this is. Is not between like whether like this is faster or not. The trade-off is like if faster or not. The trade-off is like if. Faster or not. The trade-off is like if people want to do it, should they keep people want to do it, should they keep. People want to do it, should they keep doing this in a hacker, less efficient doing this in a hacker, less efficient. Doing this in a hacker, less efficient way? And you know, whether their use way? And you know, whether their use. Way? And you know, whether their use case is good or not, like they still case is good or not, like they still. Case is good or not, like they still miss themselves into it because they miss themselves into it because they. Miss themselves into it because they kind of messed up with extern kind of messed up with extern. Kind of messed up with extern um versus providing something that at um versus providing something that at. Um versus providing something that at least they kind of know works. And yes, least they kind of know works. And yes,. Least they kind of know works. And yes, you can build something better out of you can build something better out of. You can build something better out of it. But you know, on the other hand, it. But you know, on the other hand,. It. But you know, on the other hand, like there are different ways of kind of like there are different ways of kind of. Like there are different ways of kind of sensoring which contracts can interact sensoring which contracts can interact. Sensoring which contracts can interact with your contract. And this is actually with your contract. And this is actually. With your contract. And this is actually something that people have been something that people have been. Something that people have been requesting and uh this is like how stuff requesting and uh this is like how stuff. Requesting and uh this is like how stuff like string key contract ID hard coding like string key contract ID hard coding. Like string key contract ID hard coding might end up working and people kind of might end up working and people kind of. Might end up working and people kind of keep coming up with this idea of like keep coming up with this idea of like. Keep coming up with this idea of like what if I want my contract on the what if I want my contract on the. What if I want my contract on the interact with for example XLM or interact with for example XLM or. Interact with for example XLM or something. So I don't know I feel like something. So I don't know I feel like. Something. So I don't know I feel like you're kind of past the point where you you're kind of past the point where you. You're kind of past the point where you could make things truly abstract. So I could make things truly abstract. So I. Could make things truly abstract. So I kind of get this concern but yeah at kind of get this concern but yeah at. Kind of get this concern but yeah at this point I feel like for the most part this point I feel like for the most part. This point I feel like for the most part like much about like much about like much about. It this guess you can get any of any it this guess you can get any of any it this guess you can get any of any. Contracts at least you can hard codes contracts at least you can hard codes contracts at least you can hard codes. And contract ids. And contract ids. And contract ids. Yep. Okay. Yeah. I don't have anything else Okay. Yeah. I don't have anything else to add to it. I'm not I'm not like. To add to it. I'm not I'm not like to add to it. I'm not I'm not like opposed I'm not like strongly opposed to. Opposed I'm not like strongly opposed to opposed I'm not like strongly opposed to. It. Um they were just my concerns. So um it. Um they were just my concerns. So um. It. Um they were just my concerns. So um I get the I get the I get the benefits and yeah I think it looks good. Benefits and yeah I think it looks good. Benefits and yeah I think it looks good. Thanks. Sounds good. Yeah. Um I mean Thanks. Sounds good. Yeah. Um I mean Thanks. Sounds good. Yeah. Um I mean. Yeah I I'll think a bit more about this yeah I I'll think a bit more about this yeah I I'll think a bit more about this. Like and yeah maybe double check with like and yeah maybe double check with like and yeah maybe double check with. Other folks but yeah honestly like I other folks but yeah honestly like I other folks but yeah honestly like I. Feel especially for something like feel especially for something like feel especially for something like. Transitive dependencies like this is I transitive dependencies like this is I transitive dependencies like this is I. Think this actually strikes reasonable think this actually strikes reasonable think this actually strikes reasonable. Balance because like you still can balance because like you still can balance because like you still can. Achieve that but you need to make this achieve that but you need to make this achieve that but you need to make this. Explicit and making this implicit sounds explicit and making this implicit sounds. Explicit and making this implicit sounds like a bit sketchy because technically like a bit sketchy because technically. Like a bit sketchy because technically you shouldn't have control over what you shouldn't have control over what. You shouldn't have control over what other contracts are doing. So, other contracts are doing. So,. Other contracts are doing. So, um I don't know. Yeah. Uh I guess that's um I don't know. Yeah. Uh I guess that's. Um I don't know. Yeah. Uh I guess that's kind of was it more or less. Yeah, I'll kind of was it more or less. Yeah, I'll. Kind of was it more or less. Yeah, I'll think a bit more about this, but hope think a bit more about this, but hope. Think a bit more about this, but hope should be more or less on the same page should be more or less on the same page. Should be more or less on the same page here and uh should be good to go with here and uh should be good to go with. Here and uh should be good to go with this this this [Music] [Music] [Music] kind. Great. Kind. Great. Kind. Great. Um I guess it should be truly for today Um I guess it should be truly for today Um I guess it should be truly for today. And there are no more concerns. Um thanks Um thanks [Music] [Music] [Music] everyone. Yeah, thank you. Everyone. Yeah, thank you. Everyone. Yeah, thank you. Later the next protocol meetings and.
