Okay I'll just uh kick this off so okay I'll just uh kick this off so um hey everyone this is uh our weekly. Um hey everyone this is uh our weekly um hey everyone this is uh our weekly protocol meeting in which we discuss. Protocol meeting in which we discuss protocol meeting in which we discuss um and uh trying to make the design. Um and uh trying to make the design um and uh trying to make the design decisions I think we have only one thing. Decisions I think we have only one thing decisions I think we have only one thing. On the agenda today which is uh an on the agenda today which is uh an on the agenda today which is uh an. Update on the fees cap and uh Nico can update on the fees cap and uh Nico can update on the fees cap and uh Nico can. You take it you take it you take it yeah thank you yeah thank you yeah thank you um and yeah this is basically like uh we. Um and yeah this is basically like uh we um and yeah this is basically like uh we. Had like a few conversations in the past had like a few conversations in the past. Had like a few conversations in the past few weeks few weeks few weeks uh some more recent updates in the last. Uh some more recent updates in the last uh some more recent updates in the last week. Week week based on the yeah some of the converts based on the yeah some of the converts. Based on the yeah some of the converts we had in Discord we had in Discord we had in Discord. Um so we have a um so we have a um so we have a like a round of updates that uh yeah. Like a round of updates that uh yeah like a round of updates that uh yeah that we. That we that we that I actually published yesterday to that I actually published yesterday to. That I actually published yesterday to the cap but the cap but the cap but this is an incremental change on top of. This is an incremental change on top of this is an incremental change on top of the uh of the piercing so maybe what I. The uh of the piercing so maybe what I the uh of the piercing so maybe what I can do is kind of give a kind of high. Can do is kind of give a kind of high can do is kind of give a kind of high level overview of what we are with this. Level overview of what we are with this level overview of what we are with this serve the updated theme Mode app. Serve the updated theme Mode app serve the updated theme Mode app and then uh and then uh. And then uh and yeah like people are interested and and yeah like people are interested and. And yeah like people are interested and they can go and and go read the the they can go and and go read the the. They can go and and go read the the actual cap that is uh has a lot more actual cap that is uh has a lot more. Actual cap that is uh has a lot more detail on on each of those uh topics detail on on each of those uh topics. Detail on on each of those uh topics I don't know if that makes sense but I don't know if that makes sense but. I don't know if that makes sense but like uh we should do that like uh we should do that. Like uh we should do that okay so okay so okay so um yeah so like the the thing that we're. Um yeah so like the the thing that we're um yeah so like the the thing that we're. Trying to do in this cup uh is uh trying to do in this cup uh is uh trying to do in this cup uh is uh. Is there like a magical things in there is there like a magical things in there is there like a magical things in there. But like the one of them that is but like the one of them that is but like the one of them that is. Basically like make all these changes basically like make all these changes basically like make all these changes. That are required to deal with that are required to deal with that are required to deal with. Is um is um is um is uh you know needs right like so so is uh you know needs right like so so. Is uh you know needs right like so so like coming from classic uh the classic like coming from classic uh the classic. Like coming from classic uh the classic protocol where we have this flat fee protocol where we have this flat fee. Protocol where we have this flat fee pair operation the operations kind of pair operation the operations kind of. Pair operation the operations kind of the unit of uh the unit of uh the unit of uh. Of a transaction right like we can have of a transaction right like we can have of a transaction right like we can have. Within one and a hundred and we have within one and a hundred and we have within one and a hundred and we have. This um this um this um really simple uh model for that in really simple uh model for that in. Really simple uh model for that in classic in soroband the resources are a classic in soroband the resources are a. Classic in soroband the resources are a lot more complicated so you have like lot more complicated so you have like. Lot more complicated so you have like compute you have the the compute you have the the. Compute you have the the amount of amount of amount of of a bandwidth that you're using the io. Of a bandwidth that you're using the io of a bandwidth that you're using the io like you know how many reads on rights. Like you know how many reads on rights like you know how many reads on rights you're doing to you know to The Ledger. You're doing to you know to The Ledger you're doing to you know to The Ledger and how much how many bytes. And how much how many bytes and how much how many bytes and then you have like even more uh. And then you have like even more uh and then you have like even more uh complicated things in there like. Complicated things in there like complicated things in there like depending on on the contract uh you have. Depending on on the contract uh you have depending on on the contract uh you have. Like events like events like events um that are then um that are then um that are then. Um um um potentially um that to translate potentially to um that to translate potentially to. Actual into real cost uh for Downstream actual into real cost uh for Downstream actual into real cost uh for Downstream. Systems so like when we look at all of systems so like when we look at all of systems so like when we look at all of. This this this um um um we have to think basically uh in how we we have to think basically uh in how we. We have to think basically uh in how we can make it uh we don't have in can make it uh we don't have in. Can make it uh we don't have in particular like the spam type of traffic particular like the spam type of traffic. Particular like the spam type of traffic on the network while at the same time we. On the network while at the same time we on the network while at the same time we. Want to keep fees uh as uh as cheap as want to keep fees uh as uh as cheap as want to keep fees uh as uh as cheap as. Possible on the network so it's kind of possible on the network so it's kind of possible on the network so it's kind of. Trying to balance those things is uh trying to balance those things is uh trying to balance those things is uh. Is uh what this Camp is about is uh what this Camp is about is uh what this Camp is about. So I think when we left it off uh the so I think when we left it off uh the so I think when we left it off uh the. The last time we talked about this cap the last time we talked about this cap the last time we talked about this cap. The one thing we talked about actually the one thing we talked about actually the one thing we talked about actually. Was uh was uh was uh uh was that who are going to try to make uh was that who are going to try to make. Uh was that who are going to try to make the Ledger space uh something that is the Ledger space uh something that is. The Ledger space uh something that is actually priced dynamically and in actually priced dynamically and in. Actually priced dynamically and in particular we are looking at ways to particular we are looking at ways to. Particular we are looking at ways to um to limit the the size of the ledger um to limit the the size of the ledger. Um to limit the the size of the ledger so this is the uh the topics that we so this is the uh the topics that we. So this is the uh the topics that we know we'll be having around how to be uh know we'll be having around how to be uh. Know we'll be having around how to be uh do we save data off-chain uh desk what do we save data off-chain uh desk what. Do we save data off-chain uh desk what can presented I think it was like a can presented I think it was like a. Can presented I think it was like a couple weeks ago or even last week couple weeks ago or even last week. Couple weeks ago or even last week so this is one component of this cap so this is one component of this cap. So this is one component of this cap the other things that we are that um the other things that we are that um. The other things that we are that um that we are looking at was uh yeah I that we are looking at was uh yeah I. That we are looking at was uh yeah I don't like the the pricing model don't like the the pricing model. Don't like the the pricing model basically for all other resources so basically for all other resources so. Basically for all other resources so like uh yeah compute and and bandwidth like uh yeah compute and and bandwidth. Like uh yeah compute and and bandwidth for example for example for example um um um. And uh and uh and uh so we've been kind of going back and so we've been kind of going back and. So we've been kind of going back and forth it was like the the first uh like forth it was like the the first uh like. Forth it was like the the first uh like big iteration around this was to try to big iteration around this was to try to. Big iteration around this was to try to come up with a way to do come up with a way to do. Come up with a way to do um like pricing for dynamic pricing for um like pricing for dynamic pricing for. Um like pricing for dynamic pricing for every uh every resource type on the every uh every resource type on the. Every uh every resource type on the network network network um um um and as we kind of. And as we kind of and as we kind of looked into this into multiple like it looked into this into multiple like it. Looked into this into multiple like it it became kind of um it became kind of um it became kind of um. Uh evidence that uh it was kind of uh evidence that uh it was kind of uh evidence that uh it was kind of. Getting quite complicated to try to so getting quite complicated to try to so getting quite complicated to try to so. To to manually to model it on the on the to to manually to model it on the on the. To to manually to model it on the on the network itself is actually not so bad I network itself is actually not so bad I. Network itself is actually not so bad I think the well things were getting think the well things were getting. Think the well things were getting really complicated is when we try to really complicated is when we try to. Really complicated is when we try to think about ways to uh prioritize think about ways to uh prioritize. Think about ways to uh prioritize traffic basically uh like when you have traffic basically uh like when you have. Traffic basically uh like when you have like multiple transactions competing for like multiple transactions competing for. Like multiple transactions competing for uh with each other uh with each other uh with each other. Which one gets to be in The Ledger this which one gets to be in The Ledger this which one gets to be in The Ledger this. Is the ones that are you know postpone is the ones that are you know postpone is the ones that are you know postpone. To uh to a future letter to uh to a future letter to uh to a future letter and when you so this is already getting. And when you so this is already getting and when you so this is already getting complicated on that front and then um. Complicated on that front and then um complicated on that front and then um and then there's the other aspect that. And then there's the other aspect that and then there's the other aspect that is is. Is while this is happening on chain uh for while this is happening on chain uh for. While this is happening on chain uh for clients it's also getting really clients it's also getting really. Clients it's also getting really complicated to try to complicated to try to complicated to try to. Basically decide how to basically decide how to basically decide how to um what to bid basically in terms of. Um what to bid basically in terms of um what to bid basically in terms of fees right for each of those resource. Fees right for each of those resource fees right for each of those resource types. Types types so those are like the type of things so those are like the type of things. So those are like the type of things we've been thinking about in the past we've been thinking about in the past. We've been thinking about in the past few weeks in in more depth right like few weeks in in more depth right like. Few weeks in in more depth right like trying to think about ways to to trying to think about ways to to. Trying to think about ways to to simplify this a bit and simplify this a bit and simplify this a bit and. Um um um and at first we're looking at doing and at first we're looking at doing and at first we're looking at doing. Something that was something that was something that was uh trying to kind of come up with a. Uh trying to kind of come up with a uh trying to kind of come up with a um um um like a more I I think I call it in the. Like a more I I think I call it in the like a more I I think I call it in the cap currently like because this is still. Cap currently like because this is still cap currently like because this is still. You can still see it you can still see it you can still see it um as part of a more like an appendix. Um as part of a more like an appendix um as part of a more like an appendix type of thing right like a alternate. Type of thing right like a alternate type of thing right like a alternate implementation. Implementation implementation um yeah so come up with a synthetic um yeah so come up with a synthetic. Um yeah so come up with a synthetic resource that is basically an resource that is basically an. Resource that is basically an aggregation of the different resource aggregation of the different resource. Aggregation of the different resource types that that the specific transaction types that that the specific transaction. Types that that the specific transaction is using is using is using um that basically combines. Um that basically combines um that basically combines and comes up with some something that is. And comes up with some something that is and comes up with some something that is. Maybe like similar to the the notion of maybe like similar to the the notion of maybe like similar to the the notion of. Gas that are for example refining gas that are for example refining gas that are for example refining. Ethereum that work basically that that ethereum that work basically that that ethereum that work basically that that. Synthetic thing represents compute but synthetic thing represents compute but synthetic thing represents compute but. Also disk IO and also disk IO and also disk IO and um yeah like a bandwidth any any. Um yeah like a bandwidth any any um yeah like a bandwidth any any resource really in the system is kind of. Resource really in the system is kind of resource really in the system is kind of. You try to kind of you try to kind of you try to kind of um um um fit that into this synthetic thing. Fit that into this synthetic thing fit that into this synthetic thing and then uh yeah so we started to kind. And then uh yeah so we started to kind and then uh yeah so we started to kind of explore that and um what we found is. Of explore that and um what we found is of explore that and um what we found is that it was still fairly complicated to. That it was still fairly complicated to that it was still fairly complicated to try to be fair uh when prioritizing. Try to be fair uh when prioritizing try to be fair uh when prioritizing transactions. Transactions transactions um like you have like certain scenarios um like you have like certain scenarios. Um like you have like certain scenarios when you come up with uh like a recipe when you come up with uh like a recipe. When you come up with uh like a recipe right for for this synthetic asset where right for for this synthetic asset where. Right for for this synthetic asset where we basically for example you say okay I we basically for example you say okay I. We basically for example you say okay I have like have like have like um um um took to to to combine those different. Took to to to combine those different took to to to combine those different resource types I'm going to take uh. Resource types I'm going to take uh resource types I'm going to take uh some of the compute numbers that I'm. Some of the compute numbers that I'm some of the compute numbers that I'm getting uh I'm going to give away to. Getting uh I'm going to give away to getting uh I'm going to give away to this and add. This and add this and add uh to that like uh with the different uh to that like uh with the different. Uh to that like uh with the different weight the i o cause and you combine all weight the i o cause and you combine all. Weight the i o cause and you combine all those things right into a single number those things right into a single number. Those things right into a single number that ends up being your number of uh of that ends up being your number of uh of. That ends up being your number of uh of this aggregate resource type this aggregate resource type. This aggregate resource type and then when you do that and then when you do that and then when you do that. Uh you end up with like very strange uh you end up with like very strange uh you end up with like very strange. Prioritization problems now because prioritization problems now because prioritization problems now because. If you try to balance for example if you try to balance for example if you try to balance for example. How to how how would you compare a uh a how to how how would you compare a uh a how to how how would you compare a uh a. Transaction that for example does a lot transaction that for example does a lot transaction that for example does a lot. Of computation of computation of computation uh to a another transaction that does. Uh to a another transaction that does uh to a another transaction that does almost no computation but that has that. Almost no computation but that has that almost no computation but that has that is very heavy on. Is very heavy on is very heavy on on a hero on a hero on a hero um I came up with those weird Trails. Um I came up with those weird Trails um I came up with those weird Trails where where. Where you have to really penalize one of those you have to really penalize one of those. You have to really penalize one of those two types of transactions and and and it. Two types of transactions and and and it two types of transactions and and and it. Gets even more complicated when you have gets even more complicated when you have. Gets even more complicated when you have like a transaction that does a little like a transaction that does a little. Like a transaction that does a little bit of both and then and then bit of both and then and then. Bit of both and then and then and then you end up with people and then you end up with people. And then you end up with people overpaying a lot for uh basically overpaying a lot for uh basically. Overpaying a lot for uh basically getting penalized a lot for using getting penalized a lot for using. Getting penalized a lot for using a little bit of a uh a resource that a little bit of a uh a resource that. A little bit of a uh a resource that happens to be uh in demand happens to be uh in demand. Happens to be uh in demand uh while you're also using an expensive uh while you're also using an expensive. Uh while you're also using an expensive but available resource so this is like but available resource so this is like. But available resource so this is like the type of of problems we are running the type of of problems we are running. The type of of problems we are running into into into um um um so yeah which would actually happen uh. So yeah which would actually happen uh so yeah which would actually happen uh like quite often uh like imagine if you. Like quite often uh like imagine if you like quite often uh like imagine if you have like a lectures being filled with a. Have like a lectures being filled with a have like a lectures being filled with a. Lot of uh what the constraint it is lot of uh what the constraint it is lot of uh what the constraint it is. Let's say a computation where for let's say a computation where for let's say a computation where for. Whatever reason there's a lot of traffic whatever reason there's a lot of traffic. Whatever reason there's a lot of traffic where when people are doing where when people are doing. Where when people are doing let's say like a trade right on against let's say like a trade right on against. Let's say like a trade right on against an AMA so like this one is actually an AMA so like this one is actually. An AMA so like this one is actually uh uh uh a little bit of IO and then computation. A little bit of IO and then computation a little bit of IO and then computation they're like maybe depending on the amm. They're like maybe depending on the amm they're like maybe depending on the amm implantation but it could be like. Implantation but it could be like implantation but it could be like something fairly complicated and let's. Something fairly complicated and let's something fairly complicated and let's say you have a lot of trading at this. Say you have a lot of trading at this say you have a lot of trading at this happening. Happening happening you still have plenty of IO available to you still have plenty of IO available to. You still have plenty of IO available to your on the network but your on the network but. Your on the network but um um um IO is going to always be expensive IO is going to always be expensive. IO is going to always be expensive um in in with the way we want to kind of um in in with the way we want to kind of. Um in in with the way we want to kind of uh uh uh to to model this because to to model this because. To to model this because adding things to The Ledger is kind of adding things to The Ledger is kind of. Adding things to The Ledger is kind of one of those things where one of those things where. One of those things where I think something to deledger is uh I think something to deledger is uh. I think something to deledger is uh is something that has an impact on many is something that has an impact on many. Is something that has an impact on many many systems right so so relative to to many systems right so so relative to to. Many systems right so so relative to to compute uh price compute uh price compute uh price. Uh adding data to the to The Ledger yes uh adding data to the to The Ledger yes uh adding data to the to The Ledger yes. Is is is all those are magnitude more is is is all those are magnitude more is is is all those are magnitude more. Expensive kind of like what you see in a expensive kind of like what you see in a. Expensive kind of like what you see in a in the classic protocol where the Base in the classic protocol where the Base. In the classic protocol where the Base reserve is reserve is reserve is um is a lot more expensive than uh than. Um is a lot more expensive than uh than um is a lot more expensive than uh than just like the transaction fee right. Just like the transaction fee right just like the transaction fee right that's kind of the the way to think. That's kind of the the way to think that's kind of the the way to think about this so then if you ask people. About this so then if you ask people about this so then if you ask people okay like you're in order to get into. Okay like you're in order to get into okay like you're in order to get into The Ledger you have to be let's say a. The Ledger you have to be let's say a The Ledger you have to be let's say a hundred times uh you know the price of. Hundred times uh you know the price of hundred times uh you know the price of your. Your your of your aggregate results because of of your aggregate results because of. Of your aggregate results because of congestion on on gas or sorry on compute congestion on on gas or sorry on compute. Congestion on on gas or sorry on compute um asking people to pay a hundred times um asking people to pay a hundred times. Um asking people to pay a hundred times for Io in this case is kind of weird for Io in this case is kind of weird. For Io in this case is kind of weird right it makes things very expensive for right it makes things very expensive for. Right it makes things very expensive for no real good reason no real good reason no real good reason. So anyway so like delete this iteration so anyway so like delete this iteration so anyway so like delete this iteration. What we've kind of uh looked at was uh what we've kind of uh looked at was uh what we've kind of uh looked at was uh. How could can we make this problem go how could can we make this problem go how could can we make this problem go. Away and the current approach that we away and the current approach that we away and the current approach that we. Are that we can have landed on is uh are that we can have landed on is uh are that we can have landed on is uh. To rely more on uh on to rely more on uh on to rely more on uh on or pricing resources on on something. Or pricing resources on on something or pricing resources on on something that is more like Network parameters or. That is more like Network parameters or that is more like Network parameters or like automatic. Like automatic like automatic uh and uh and uh and um automatic pricing right of um automatic pricing right of. Um automatic pricing right of of resources of resources of resources uh similar to what was actually already. Uh similar to what was actually already uh similar to what was actually already in their form. In their form in their form for Ledger space where for Ledger space where for Ledger space where. Um basically if you look at the um basically if you look at the um basically if you look at the. Transaction transaction transaction you can you can you can derive derive derive independently from other transactions. Independently from other transactions independently from other transactions the price of the of those resources. The price of the of those resources the price of the of those resources and then the type of market dynamics. And then the type of market dynamics and then the type of market dynamics that you have are not actually on the. That you have are not actually on the that you have are not actually on the resources themselves but on I think I. Resources themselves but on I think I resources themselves but on I think I called it um. Called it um called it um the uh the cost of inclusion in a ledger the uh the cost of inclusion in a ledger. The uh the cost of inclusion in a ledger and and and I think this is basically Shifting the. I think this is basically Shifting the I think this is basically Shifting the conversation there around. Conversation there around conversation there around why do you want to be ahead of you know. Why do you want to be ahead of you know why do you want to be ahead of you know if somebody is a means transaction. If somebody is a means transaction if somebody is a means transaction why that person wants to be ahead right. Why that person wants to be ahead right why that person wants to be ahead right and. And and um and I think the the name that that is um and I think the the name that that is. Um and I think the the name that that is used in the literacy around that is the used in the literacy around that is the. Used in the literacy around that is the social value of the of the transaction social value of the of the transaction. Social value of the of the transaction the social value has actually nothing to the social value has actually nothing to. The social value has actually nothing to do with the resources do with the resources. Do with the resources um like the amount of resources that a um like the amount of resources that a. Um like the amount of resources that a specific transaction was using specific transaction was using. Specific transaction was using it's really you know based on whatever it's really you know based on whatever. It's really you know based on whatever people are actually doing with that people are actually doing with that. People are actually doing with that transaction so in some cases even though transaction so in some cases even though. Transaction so in some cases even though you're you're you're your transaction might be doing a simple. Your transaction might be doing a simple your transaction might be doing a simple. Uh you know set one bit in on The Ledger uh you know set one bit in on The Ledger. Uh you know set one bit in on The Ledger it may be actually something that it may be actually something that. It may be actually something that unlocks uh you know like a huge value unlocks uh you know like a huge value. Unlocks uh you know like a huge value you know down the line right so so you know down the line right so so. You know down the line right so so there's like there's like there's like um decoupling of the the two is is uh is. Um decoupling of the the two is is uh is um decoupling of the the two is is uh is. Kind of interesting um um let's see and uh yeah so like this one let's see and uh yeah so like this one. Let's see and uh yeah so like this one like the the the well this through to work uh in a way. Well this through to work uh in a way that kind of makes sense that kind of makes sense. That kind of makes sense um the assumption that we're making is um the assumption that we're making is. Um the assumption that we're making is that we will be able to have like a a that we will be able to have like a a. That we will be able to have like a a same way and when I say we here it's same way and when I say we here it's. Same way and when I say we here it's basically the protocol and validos right basically the protocol and validos right. Basically the protocol and validos right that are voting for some of those that are voting for some of those. That are voting for some of those Network parameters Network parameters Network parameters. Such as how much does it cost to such as how much does it cost to such as how much does it cost to. Store store store um you know like let me see like uh one um you know like let me see like uh one. Um you know like let me see like uh one kilobyte of data on natural like this kilobyte of data on natural like this. Kilobyte of data on natural like this type of pricing this is what we're type of pricing this is what we're. Type of pricing this is what we're talking about so because when you have talking about so because when you have. Talking about so because when you have the price of the transaction basically the price of the transaction basically. The price of the transaction basically decompose it then into decompose it then into. Decompose it then into those kind of uh those kind of uh those kind of uh Network derived. Network derived Network derived fees that are like I said like the the fees that are like I said like the the. Fees that are like I said like the the cost of storing data for example on The cost of storing data for example on The. Cost of storing data for example on The Ledger plus this uh inclusion fee that Ledger plus this uh inclusion fee that. Ledger plus this uh inclusion fee that is an actual building per transaction is an actual building per transaction. Is an actual building per transaction and that's the total fee that you end up and that's the total fee that you end up. And that's the total fee that you end up paying for um and yeah so that's kind of the the. Um and yeah so that's kind of the the Focus right now is to to see how far we Focus right now is to to see how far we. Focus right now is to to see how far we can take this idea or where can take this idea or where. Can take this idea or where the inclusion fee is unrelated to actual the inclusion fee is unrelated to actual. The inclusion fee is unrelated to actual resource utilization resource utilization. Resource utilization so that's kind of the the thing we are so that's kind of the the thing we are. So that's kind of the the thing we are looking into right now which is uh doing looking into right now which is uh doing. Looking into right now which is uh doing like like like modeling and Analysis to see like the. Modeling and Analysis to see like the modeling and Analysis to see like the where this breaks and uh what are like. Where this breaks and uh what are like where this breaks and uh what are like the. The the if this basically holds us a if this basically holds us a if this basically holds us a. As a variable approach to this problem um yeah the one other note I want to um yeah the one other note I want to. Make here is that like make here is that like make here is that like I think besides just prioritizing. I think besides just prioritizing I think besides just prioritizing transactions uh just uh from my user. Transactions uh just uh from my user transactions uh just uh from my user experience perspective. Experience perspective experience perspective uh I think it should be a requirement. Uh I think it should be a requirement uh I think it should be a requirement that the user can understand what's. That the user can understand what's that the user can understand what's going on here right. Going on here right going on here right um and with all of its faults in um and with all of its faults in. Um and with all of its faults in ethereum ecosystem at the end of the day ethereum ecosystem at the end of the day. Ethereum ecosystem at the end of the day you know exactly you know exactly you know exactly. Um you know at the end of the day um you know at the end of the day um you know at the end of the day. There's just like the gas resource and there's just like the gas resource and there's just like the gas resource and. You're competing for gas you're competing for gas you're competing for gas um so like the question is with with. Um so like the question is with with um so like the question is with with these new. These new these new Concepts that you're introducing what is Concepts that you're introducing what is. Concepts that you're introducing what is the user experience the user experience the user experience. Actually this is very similar to what actually this is very similar to what actually this is very similar to what. You've seen in there I mean it's a you've seen in there I mean it's a you've seen in there I mean it's a. Variation your experience is that oh my for a your experience is that oh my for a. Given transaction you have actually two given transaction you have actually two given transaction you have actually two. Two components you have the uh your your two components you have the uh your your. Two components you have the uh your your guess guess guess um price right that you have attached to. Um price right that you have attached to um price right that you have attached to. The transaction and you also have a the transaction and you also have a the transaction and you also have a. Uh I think we call it a chip or uh I think we call it a chip or uh I think we call it a chip or. Something for uh for the validation something for uh for the validation something for uh for the validation. That allows you to kind of you know get that allows you to kind of you know get that allows you to kind of you know get. Included so there's like something that included so there's like something that included so there's like something that. Is similar to this inclusion fee the is similar to this inclusion fee the is similar to this inclusion fee the. Difference is that in Italian the difference is that in Italian the difference is that in Italian the. Inclusion fee is actually tied to the to inclusion fee is actually tied to the to. Inclusion fee is actually tied to the to the amount of resources that your it's a. The amount of resources that your it's a the amount of resources that your it's a. Rate basically it's not a flat fee it's not technically it's it's trying to it's not technically it's it's trying to. Do more of the dynamic price signals we do more of the dynamic price signals we do more of the dynamic price signals we. Saw of these aggregate resources saw of these aggregate resources saw of these aggregate resources. Um as opposed to um as opposed to um as opposed to [Music] [Music] [Music] kind of stepping outside of that and. Kind of stepping outside of that and kind of stepping outside of that and assume that the price that you actually. Assume that the price that you actually assume that the price that you actually have your base price for resources is. Have your base price for resources is have your base price for resources is relatively accurate. Relatively accurate relatively accurate and then this prioritization thing is and then this prioritization thing is. And then this prioritization thing is modeled modeled modeled um um adjusting fees based on. Um adjusting fees based on like the like the like the yeah the the use cases right as opposed. Yeah the the use cases right as opposed yeah the the use cases right as opposed to the. To the to the the actual the actual the actual like which which limit you're hitting in. Like which which limit you're hitting in like which which limit you're hitting in. The system got it okay let's uh let's open this up got it okay let's uh let's open this up. To questions to questions to questions um so if anyone wants to ask a question um so if anyone wants to ask a question. Um so if anyone wants to ask a question please do this on the chat please do this on the chat. Please do this on the chat um um um um or just asked to be uh included um or just asked to be uh included. Um or just asked to be uh included in the stage in the stage in the stage uh Nico just one more question for you. Uh Nico just one more question for you uh Nico just one more question for you like what are the open questions that. Like what are the open questions that like what are the open questions that you like is there anything that you. You like is there anything that you you like is there anything that you wanna wanna. Wanna uh consult a team with here right now uh consult a team with here right now. Uh consult a team with here right now um in terms of uh um in terms of uh um in terms of uh. Uh questions that you that you want help uh questions that you that you want help. Uh questions that you that you want help answering answering answering I think that they're like. I think that they're like I think that they're like um there is one aspect uh that is in in. Um there is one aspect uh that is in in um there is one aspect uh that is in in the cup I mean around like the. Which resources uh we want to allow for which resources uh we want to allow for refunds uh is kind of an interesting uh. Refunds uh is kind of an interesting uh refunds uh is kind of an interesting uh question right now on the in The. Question right now on the in The question right now on the in The Proposal Proposal. Proposal I think we can only get refunds for I think we can only get refunds for I think we can only get refunds for. Uh I think it's basically like anything uh I think it's basically like anything uh I think it's basically like anything. That goes to to dolphins Downstream that goes to to dolphins Downstream that goes to to dolphins Downstream. Systems like you know systems like you know systems like you know basically what gets into horizon or sort. Basically what gets into horizon or sort basically what gets into horizon or sort. Of an RPC right now of an RPC right now of an RPC right now um it's basically the cost of this um. Um it's basically the cost of this um um it's basically the cost of this um of the meta outside of The Ledger. Of the meta outside of The Ledger of the meta outside of The Ledger country changes. Country changes country changes the reason for not giving out refunds the reason for not giving out refunds. The reason for not giving out refunds for other resources is that for other resources is that. For other resources is that uh right now uh right now uh right now if if validators make certain decisions. If if validators make certain decisions if if validators make certain decisions right that they are not not going to. Right that they are not not going to right that they are not not going to include. Include include certain transactions because of you know certain transactions because of you know. Certain transactions because of you know we're hitting some limit let's say on on. We're hitting some limit let's say on on we're hitting some limit let's say on on. Uh on a bandwidth let's say uh an Archie uh on a bandwidth let's say uh an Archie. Uh on a bandwidth let's say uh an Archie bandwidth is not a good example because bandwidth is not a good example because. Bandwidth is not a good example because we know exactly the size of the we know exactly the size of the. We know exactly the size of the transaction but like uh for compute transaction but like uh for compute. Transaction but like uh for compute right like so let's say a transaction right like so let's say a transaction. Right like so let's say a transaction says oh I'm going to use says oh I'm going to use. Says oh I'm going to use 10 000 units of compute 10 000 units of compute 10 000 units of compute. Because they are using 10 000 units of because they are using 10 000 units of because they are using 10 000 units of. Compute that means we don't include compute that means we don't include compute that means we don't include. Uh up to 10 000 units of compute from uh up to 10 000 units of compute from uh up to 10 000 units of compute from. Other transactions right that tough other transactions right that tough other transactions right that tough. Uh maybe the same uh maybe the same uh maybe the same same priority same priority. Same priority and then later let's say that and then later let's say that and then later let's say that. Transaction decides well actually you transaction decides well actually you transaction decides well actually you. Know I'm going to only use a thousand know I'm going to only use a thousand know I'm going to only use a thousand. But like basically by do by doing by but like basically by do by doing by but like basically by do by doing by. Using less using less using less it would give an incentive to just like it would give an incentive to just like. It would give an incentive to just like uh yeah like yeah like people only just put like maximum. People only just put like maximum people only just put like maximum numbers on everything and then um and. Numbers on everything and then um and numbers on everything and then um and then uh yeah their Ledger would be kind. Then uh yeah their Ledger would be kind then uh yeah their Ledger would be kind of idle. Of idle of idle on on the uh process this one you know on on the uh process this one you know. On on the uh process this one you know one one entry so I think this is like a one one entry so I think this is like a. One one entry so I think this is like a the reason why we don't want to do the reason why we don't want to do. The reason why we don't want to do refunds on the on the resources that we refunds on the on the resources that we. Refunds on the on the resources that we think will be highly uh contentious but think will be highly uh contentious but. Think will be highly uh contentious but like um like um like um I wanted to hear like if they are like. I wanted to hear like if they are like I wanted to hear like if they are like any. Any any opinions on opinions on opinions on on that topic on that topic on that topic. Um let's see and then the other thing um let's see and then the other thing um let's see and then the other thing. Uh yeah is everyone really like the the uh yeah is everyone really like the the uh yeah is everyone really like the the. Modeling of this um modeling of this um modeling of this um of these of these of these. Prioritization based on the social value prioritization based on the social value. Prioritization based on the social value of transactions I think yeah people have. Of transactions I think yeah people have of transactions I think yeah people have. Maybe like more opinions on this that maybe like more opinions on this that maybe like more opinions on this that. Would be great because I said things would be great because I said things would be great because I said things. Like a like a like a one of the the thing that is kind of new one of the the thing that is kind of new. One of the the thing that is kind of new in this uh proposal in this uh proposal in this uh proposal. Um um um so yeah so yeah so yeah get can you offer a bit more information get can you offer a bit more information. Get can you offer a bit more information on the social value I know you mentioned. On the social value I know you mentioned on the social value I know you mentioned. It before but it's a relatively new it before but it's a relatively new it before but it's a relatively new. Concept concept concept it's not it's not new I mean it's not it's not it's not new I mean it's not. It's not it's not new I mean it's not new in these in the crypto space right new in these in the crypto space right. New in these in the crypto space right so it's like the idea that so it's like the idea that. So it's like the idea that a low a low a low um um um a transaction that is a transaction that is. A transaction that is the importance of a transaction is the importance of a transaction is. The importance of a transaction is actually actually actually completely independent of the amount of. Completely independent of the amount of completely independent of the amount of resources it's using. Resources it's using resources it's using right like it can be that you know maybe. Right like it can be that you know maybe right like it can be that you know maybe. It's a it's a it's a a simple payment you know could be like a simple payment you know could be like. A simple payment you know could be like moving billions of dollars you know moving billions of dollars you know. Moving billions of dollars you know um um um like when you compare that to a large. Like when you compare that to a large like when you compare that to a large transaction that does a bunch of stuff. Transaction that does a bunch of stuff transaction that does a bunch of stuff you know the same thing right it could. You know the same thing right it could you know the same thing right it could be you don't know is it doing something. Be you don't know is it doing something be you don't know is it doing something that's not super useful or is it. That's not super useful or is it that's not super useful or is it actually a transaction that is related. Actually a transaction that is related actually a transaction that is related to to. To [Music] [Music] [Music] um um um like a a payment a payment channel right like a a payment a payment channel right. Like a a payment a payment channel right or a layer two type of uh transaction or a layer two type of uh transaction. Or a layer two type of uh transaction that is extremely important right the that is extremely important right the. That is extremely important right the value is the initial and inner and value value is the initial and inner and value. Value is the initial and inner and value of this transaction of this transaction of this transaction. [Music] [Music] [Music] is actually uh off chain is actually uh off chain is actually uh off chain. Anyway how did the user determine the social how did the user determine the social. Value of a transaction they're about to value of a transaction they're about to value of a transaction they're about to. Submit submit submit well it's kind of a it's the similar well it's kind of a it's the similar. Well it's kind of a it's the similar idea then uh you know when you're saying idea then uh you know when you're saying. Idea then uh you know when you're saying okay I'm going to build okay I'm going to build. Okay I'm going to build you know 2X or whatever the base fee you know 2X or whatever the base fee. You know 2X or whatever the base fee today right on the on the classic today right on the on the classic. Today right on the on the classic Network Network Network it's a similar thing where at some point. It's a similar thing where at some point it's a similar thing where at some point. You say you say you say I'm willing to pay up to X I'm willing to pay up to X I'm willing to pay up to X. For my for this transaction right for my for this transaction right for my for this transaction right. Um it's the same idea it's just like um it's the same idea it's just like um it's the same idea it's just like. Um um um here we're saying it's we make it here we're saying it's we make it here we're saying it's we make it. Completely independent of resource completely independent of resource completely independent of resource. Utilization that's the one difference that's the one difference and otherwise the same idea of like in. And otherwise the same idea of like in and otherwise the same idea of like in terms of user experience. Terms of user experience terms of user experience um yeah you want to um yeah you want to. Um yeah you want to uh uh uh you kind of you kind of you kind of you want to get people to think about. You want to get people to think about you want to get people to think about how much they are willing to pay for a. How much they are willing to pay for a how much they are willing to pay for a specific transaction in terms of not. Specific transaction in terms of not specific transaction in terms of not solid terms. Solid terms solid terms they look at it because that's actually they look at it because that's actually. They look at it because that's actually not the way uh people think about it not the way uh people think about it. Not the way uh people think about it right like when you have a right like when you have a. Right like when you have a you know you're trying to pay your you know you're trying to pay your. You know you're trying to pay your um um um [Music] [Music] [Music] at a store right like he. At a store right like he at a store right like he maybe like like the way you think about. Maybe like like the way you think about maybe like like the way you think about it it's not in terms of like oh yeah. It it's not in terms of like oh yeah it it's not in terms of like oh yeah like uh. Like uh like uh I want to be I want to be I want to be to think about it in terms of. To think about it in terms of to think about it in terms of of uh relative to the cost of that. Of uh relative to the cost of that of uh relative to the cost of that transaction on this particular network. Transaction on this particular network transaction on this particular network is it's it's kind of hard right like. Is it's it's kind of hard right like is it's it's kind of hard right like it's it's. It's in traditional systems it's going to be in traditional systems it's going to be. In traditional systems it's going to be a fee a percent of your amount you know a fee a percent of your amount you know. A fee a percent of your amount you know I guess that's kind of a way to think I guess that's kind of a way to think. I guess that's kind of a way to think about this like the that's tied to the about this like the that's tied to the. About this like the that's tied to the actual value the real world value of actual value the real world value of. Actual value the real world value of this transaction this transaction this transaction. It has nothing to do with the cost of it has nothing to do with the cost of it has nothing to do with the cost of. Actually processing the transaction actually processing the transaction actually processing the transaction. Um let's say on the Visa Network right um let's say on the Visa Network right um let's say on the Visa Network right. That that plat fee that you can that you that that plat fee that you can that you. That that plat fee that you can that you can imagine exist right is actually not can imagine exist right is actually not. Can imagine exist right is actually not visible to uh to end users right in visible to uh to end users right in. Visible to uh to end users right in those systems and it shouldn't be those systems and it shouldn't be. Those systems and it shouldn't be because it has nothing to do with because it has nothing to do with. Because it has nothing to do with with the value of that transaction I wanted to say that um the problems. I wanted to say that um the problems that we're talking about here are that we're talking about here are. That we're talking about here are actually not specific to Stellar or actually not specific to Stellar or. Actually not specific to Stellar or blockchain or anything like that these blockchain or anything like that these. Blockchain or anything like that these are exactly these are standard problems are exactly these are standard problems. Are exactly these are standard problems in multi-value optimization scheduling in multi-value optimization scheduling. In multi-value optimization scheduling so this is a thing I spent a bunch of so this is a thing I spent a bunch of. So this is a thing I spent a bunch of time working on you know for my life time working on you know for my life. Time working on you know for my life so you got the usual problems you have so you got the usual problems you have. So you got the usual problems you have to decide how is there a deterministic to decide how is there a deterministic. To decide how is there a deterministic relationship between relationship between relationship between. Uh the things that you're paying for and uh the things that you're paying for and. Uh the things that you're paying for and the things that are available so in our the things that are available so in our. The things that are available so in our case it's compute or whatever case it's compute or whatever. Case it's compute or whatever but then there's this other aspect which but then there's this other aspect which. But then there's this other aspect which is how much does somebody need the thing. Is how much does somebody need the thing is how much does somebody need the thing. To be done and that piece is usually not to be done and that piece is usually not. To be done and that piece is usually not modeled within the modeled within the modeled within the. Um within the framework of the um within the framework of the um within the framework of the. Scheduling because it it involves a scheduling because it it involves a scheduling because it it involves a. Bunch of bunch of bunch of uh as you say sort of uh pieces that are uh as you say sort of uh pieces that are. Uh as you say sort of uh pieces that are too complicated to be encapsulated and too complicated to be encapsulated and. Too complicated to be encapsulated and they have nothing to do with the cost of they have nothing to do with the cost of. They have nothing to do with the cost of running anything running anything running anything. So to give you like a concrete example so to give you like a concrete example so to give you like a concrete example. In astronomy in astronomy in astronomy you have scheduling your telescopes and you have scheduling your telescopes and. You have scheduling your telescopes and you want to do something similar you you want to do something similar you. You want to do something similar you want to put observations on these want to put observations on these. Want to put observations on these telescopes and it costs money to do that telescopes and it costs money to do that. Telescopes and it costs money to do that so there's a bunch of finite stuff that so there's a bunch of finite stuff that. So there's a bunch of finite stuff that you have to pay for but then there's the you have to pay for but then there's the. You have to pay for but then there's the question of this particular observation question of this particular observation. Question of this particular observation I want to make today how important is it I want to make today how important is it. I want to make today how important is it to my science to my science to my science. And that question can't be encapsulated and that question can't be encapsulated and that question can't be encapsulated. In a general model it's very specific to in a general model it's very specific to. In a general model it's very specific to my actual use case so the analog here is. My actual use case so the analog here is my actual use case so the analog here is. I have a smart contract I have a smart contract I have a smart contract and this thing is very important for my. And this thing is very important for my and this thing is very important for my contract to execute I'm willing to pay. Contract to execute I'm willing to pay contract to execute I'm willing to pay more for it. More for it more for it and then so it's very it's very normal and then so it's very it's very normal. And then so it's very it's very normal to have this as a separate layer but all to have this as a separate layer but all. To have this as a separate layer but all the problems that we're going to run the problems that we're going to run. The problems that we're going to run into are the same problems that are into are the same problems that are. Into are the same problems that are covered in every scheduling system right covered in every scheduling system right. Covered in every scheduling system right so this question of determinism how much. So this question of determinism how much so this question of determinism how much. Does it cost how do you do a trade-off does it cost how do you do a trade-off does it cost how do you do a trade-off. Between orthogonal variables how do you between orthogonal variables how do you between orthogonal variables how do you. Provide this thing in a transparent way provide this thing in a transparent way provide this thing in a transparent way. And then how do you deal with gaming of and then how do you deal with gaming of and then how do you deal with gaming of. The uh of this social aspect the uh of this social aspect the uh of this social aspect. Like if I have enough money can I like if I have enough money can I like if I have enough money can I. Dominate the whole system and basically dominate the whole system and basically dominate the whole system and basically. Distort the parameters so these are like distort the parameters so these are like. Distort the parameters so these are like hard problems but also they're standard hard problems but also they're standard. Hard problems but also they're standard problems I guess that's what I'm trying problems I guess that's what I'm trying. Problems I guess that's what I'm trying to say exactly and that's actually why uh we. Exactly and that's actually why uh we ended up where we are now is that we ended up where we are now is that we. Ended up where we are now is that we didn't want to didn't want to didn't want to. To kind of come up with that aggregate to kind of come up with that aggregate to kind of come up with that aggregate. Resource right like that is basically resource right like that is basically resource right like that is basically. Like what are the weights you know how like what are the weights you know how like what are the weights you know how. Much how much weight do I want to assign much how much weight do I want to assign. Much how much weight do I want to assign to each of those resource types to turn to each of those resource types to turn. To each of those resource types to turn this multi-dimensional optimization this multi-dimensional optimization. This multi-dimensional optimization problem into a single variable right problem into a single variable right. Problem into a single variable right and and and uh it seems like the uh it seems like the. Uh it seems like the the most the most the most um um um practical way was to actually really. Practical way was to actually really practical way was to actually really couple it uh kind of like using your. Couple it uh kind of like using your couple it uh kind of like using your example where you have. Example where you have example where you have resources uh that cost real money right. Resources uh that cost real money right resources uh that cost real money right like uh to run a specific. Like uh to run a specific like uh to run a specific um in our case right to to to execute a. Um in our case right to to to execute a um in our case right to to to execute a transaction it it should cost a. Transaction it it should cost a transaction it it should cost a um a reasonable amount right that is. Um a reasonable amount right that is um a reasonable amount right that is basically like you wouldn't have like. Basically like you wouldn't have like basically like you wouldn't have like junk uh transactions being executed on. Junk uh transactions being executed on junk uh transactions being executed on the network. The network the network and after that the second layer is more and after that the second layer is more. And after that the second layer is more of a of a of a market for getting to that queue so it's. Market for getting to that queue so it's market for getting to that queue so it's. Basically like a kind of a almost like basically like a kind of a almost like basically like a kind of a almost like. Um um um if you're going to be if you're going to be if you're going to be I don't know like uh at the uh once it's. I don't know like uh at the uh once it's I don't know like uh at the uh once it's. Like the another a good analogy would be like the another a good analogy would be. Like the another a good analogy would be uh yeah if you could buy uh yeah if you could buy. Uh yeah if you could buy um your your spot in line the day of uh um your your spot in line the day of uh. Um your your spot in line the day of uh but it's like those Black Friday sales but it's like those Black Friday sales. But it's like those Black Friday sales right like you're outside the store you right like you're outside the store you. Right like you're outside the store you get to to get in the line get to to get in the line. Get to to get in the line but once you're in the store it's still but once you're in the store it's still. But once you're in the store it's still the price of the store you don't get to the price of the store you don't get to. The price of the store you don't get to you know you don't pay more because you know you don't pay more because. You know you don't pay more because there are more people you know in line inside the store I mean. Inside the store I mean and that we redecoupled the two problems and that we redecoupled the two problems. And that we redecoupled the two problems yeah so there are a few fundamental yeah so there are a few fundamental. Yeah so there are a few fundamental questions that I guess it would be great questions that I guess it would be great. Questions that I guess it would be great to get answered so like if the first to get answered so like if the first. To get answered so like if the first question is these things that we believe question is these things that we believe. Question is these things that we believe are like compute for example is it are like compute for example is it. Are like compute for example is it deterministic enough deterministic enough deterministic enough. That we could actually Define a cost for that we could actually Define a cost for. That we could actually Define a cost for that that would not vary uh yeah yeah I think so that's kind of. Uh yeah yeah I think so that's kind of the we can the current uh the we can the current uh. The we can the current uh idea is to idea is to idea is to yeah to give it a a flat rate basically. Yeah to give it a a flat rate basically yeah to give it a a flat rate basically like um. Like um like um the amount of computing you use would be the amount of computing you use would be. The amount of computing you use would be a a a linear function right to the I mean the. Linear function right to the I mean the linear function right to the I mean the sorry the cost for compute would be. Sorry the cost for compute would be sorry the cost for compute would be linear to the amount of compute you're. Linear to the amount of compute you're linear to the amount of compute you're using. And then that will tune it over time I and then that will tune it over time I think we can over time maybe come up. Think we can over time maybe come up think we can over time maybe come up with more complicated. With more complicated with more complicated um models right that the system can um that we can follow but like. Um that we can follow but like right now we are using linear functions right now we are using linear functions. Right now we are using linear functions for that and yes yeah and the Assumption sorry. And yes yeah and the Assumption sorry yeah is that yeah is that yeah is that um we should be able to uh on a regular. Um we should be able to uh on a regular um we should be able to uh on a regular basis have a vote basically uh you know. Basis have a vote basically uh you know basis have a vote basically uh you know between validators to see okay should we. Between validators to see okay should we between validators to see okay should we. Adjust adjust adjust that's that function um because of the patterns we've seen um because of the patterns we've seen. Right in the let's say the last month or right in the let's say the last month or. Right in the let's say the last month or something something something I was getting two which is that if you. I was getting two which is that if you I was getting two which is that if you have a multivariable optimization then. Have a multivariable optimization then have a multivariable optimization then what happens is it's tuned to the. What happens is it's tuned to the what happens is it's tuned to the environment that you that you observe. Environment that you that you observe environment that you that you observe and you you know you treat these. And you you know you treat these and you you know you treat these parameters like the simplest ways you. Parameters like the simplest ways you parameters like the simplest ways you have a bunch of variables you're. Have a bunch of variables you're have a bunch of variables you're sticking together with plus signs you. Sticking together with plus signs you sticking together with plus signs you put coefficients in front of them and. Put coefficients in front of them and put coefficients in front of them and then those coefficients are tunable. Then those coefficients are tunable then those coefficients are tunable knobs that you use to decide how to. Knobs that you use to decide how to knobs that you use to decide how to trade off the different orthogonal. Trade off the different orthogonal trade off the different orthogonal dimensions dimensions. Dimensions but that can be tuned to a particular but that can be tuned to a particular. But that can be tuned to a particular workload but then when the workload workload but then when the workload. Workload but then when the workload changes that usually doesn't work changes that usually doesn't work. Changes that usually doesn't work anymore and you have to retune it so a anymore and you have to retune it so a. Anymore and you have to retune it so a key question is as the kind of things key question is as the kind of things. Key question is as the kind of things that happen on Stella evolve how will we that happen on Stella evolve how will we. That happen on Stella evolve how will we adjust or adapt to that adjust or adapt to that. Adjust or adapt to that but that's the thing I'm saying is that but that's the thing I'm saying is that. But that's the thing I'm saying is that the the uh we are not going to prioritize. We are not going to prioritize transactions based on this combination transactions based on this combination. Transactions based on this combination you know uh of things right you know uh of things right. You know uh of things right the instead we are prioritizing based on the instead we are prioritizing based on. The instead we are prioritizing based on the the kind of perceived right like the. The the kind of perceived right like the the the kind of perceived right like the. Social value basically of those social value basically of those social value basically of those. Transactions I think that's kind of the the key I think that's kind of the the key. Element to this proposal is that is that element to this proposal is that is that. Element to this proposal is that is that we don't we don't try to be smart in we don't we don't try to be smart in. We don't we don't try to be smart in terms of like the yeah trying to kind of terms of like the yeah trying to kind of. Terms of like the yeah trying to kind of boss uh like try to fit everything into boss uh like try to fit everything into. Boss uh like try to fit everything into this uh linear combinations of this uh linear combinations of. This uh linear combinations of Dimensions because Dimensions because Dimensions because. You end up if you do it like that you you end up if you do it like that you you end up if you do it like that you. Have a you end up in a situation where have a you end up in a situation where have a you end up in a situation where. It's kind of like the it's kind of like the it's kind of like the you know you know. You know if you're like pizza by uh by modal if you're like pizza by uh by modal if you're like pizza by uh by modal. Distribution right on your own you have distribution right on your own you have distribution right on your own you have. Two types of transactions right that are two types of transactions right that are. Two types of transactions right that are on the network on the network on the network. And you try to to put a line in between and you try to to put a line in between and you try to to put a line in between. Them them them and no line is going to work like you and no line is going to work like you. And no line is going to work like you just end up with basically you have to just end up with basically you have to. Just end up with basically you have to decide okay do I prefer the first group decide okay do I prefer the first group. Decide okay do I prefer the first group of transactions so the second one and of transactions so the second one and. Of transactions so the second one and then when you're outside of that your then when you're outside of that your. Then when you're outside of that your fees are just completely broken or your fees are just completely broken or your. Fees are just completely broken or your prioritization is completely broken the other aspect of this is the the. The other aspect of this is the the refund thing that you talk about I think refund thing that you talk about I think. Refund thing that you talk about I think that another way to think about this is that another way to think about this is. That another way to think about this is that to use your analogy of waiting to that to use your analogy of waiting to. That to use your analogy of waiting to get in the Black Friday sale get in the Black Friday sale. Get in the Black Friday sale you're paying for the privilege of you're paying for the privilege of. You're paying for the privilege of having the spot in the in the lane or having the spot in the in the lane or. Having the spot in the in the lane or the queue you're not paying for what's the queue you're not paying for what's. The queue you're not paying for what's actually going to be able to buy when actually going to be able to buy when. Actually going to be able to buy when you get in the store so if I you know you get in the store so if I you know. You get in the store so if I you know pay for 10 000 compute units pay for 10 000 compute units. Pay for 10 000 compute units because that gives me the space and I because that gives me the space and I. Because that gives me the space and I actually only used a thousand well I actually only used a thousand well I. Actually only used a thousand well I paid for ten thousand because that's how paid for ten thousand because that's how. Paid for ten thousand because that's how I wanted to you know justify my position. I wanted to you know justify my position I wanted to you know justify my position. In the line right so I think it is in the line right so I think it is in the line right so I think it is. Consistent to not offer refunds but consistent to not offer refunds but consistent to not offer refunds but. Maybe you can frame it differently as maybe you can frame it differently as maybe you can frame it differently as. Really what you're paying for is not the really what you're paying for is not the. Really what you're paying for is not the usage at runtime it's for your expected usage at runtime it's for your expected. Usage at runtime it's for your expected usage usage usage exactly yeah uh so Nico I understand that uh there's. Uh so Nico I understand that uh there's probably another draft of this coming request that's open uh Dima that is the. Request that's open uh Dima that is the other person like you didn't have time other person like you didn't have time. Other person like you didn't have time yet to merge it but uh yeah there should yet to merge it but uh yeah there should. Yet to merge it but uh yeah there should be be be I'm hoping to get more uh more feedback. I'm hoping to get more uh more feedback I'm hoping to get more uh more feedback from people like it would be nice if we. From people like it would be nice if we from people like it would be nice if we can get some help on yeah playing with. Can get some help on yeah playing with can get some help on yeah playing with that proposal in terms of the you know. That proposal in terms of the you know that proposal in terms of the you know uh uh. Uh like uh like uh like uh simulations right like a c simulations right like a c simulations right like a c. What happens if are there like uh what happens if are there like uh what happens if are there like uh. Situations where situations where situations where it would behave in ways that are really. It would behave in ways that are really it would behave in ways that are really not. Not not um not great like you know like the example not great like you know like the example. I used with when you start to combine I used with when you start to combine I used with when you start to combine. Things right where you end up with things right where you end up with things right where you end up with. Certain transactions end up being certain transactions end up being certain transactions end up being. Penalized or not and penalized or not and penalized or not and My Hope Is that this proposal doesn't do. My Hope Is that this proposal doesn't do My Hope Is that this proposal doesn't do. That that that but that would be uh yeah very curious but that would be uh yeah very curious. But that would be uh yeah very curious to see if they are like to see if they are like. To see if they are like things we missed basically in this one things we missed basically in this one. Things we missed basically in this one and there are probably situations where and there are probably situations where. And there are probably situations where the the thing doesn't work right but the the thing doesn't work right but. The the thing doesn't work right but like having a better understanding of like having a better understanding of. Like having a better understanding of those situations would be super useful got it and are there open questions uh. Got it and are there open questions uh or is the proposal complete as it is or is the proposal complete as it is. Or is the proposal complete as it is right now or are there open questions in right now or are there open questions in. Right now or are there open questions in it it it I mean it's mostly yeah it's mostly. I mean it's mostly yeah it's mostly I mean it's mostly yeah it's mostly there I would say they open questions. There I would say they open questions there I would say they open questions like they are they are more like the. Like they are they are more like the like they are they are more like the minutia of. Minutia of minutia of uh you know transaction set like what is uh you know transaction set like what is. Uh you know transaction set like what is maybe the like going back to like the maybe the like going back to like the. Maybe the like going back to like the refundable stuff maybe we want to have refundable stuff maybe we want to have. Refundable stuff maybe we want to have the value data or actually be able to the value data or actually be able to. The value data or actually be able to say say say uh to give a hint that uh to give a hint that. Uh to give a hint that if the transaction set let's say was put if the transaction set let's say was put. If the transaction set let's say was put together and there was no contention on together and there was no contention on. Together and there was no contention on anything anything anything then maybe we should be able to give. Then maybe we should be able to give then maybe we should be able to give refunds to people. Refunds to people refunds to people like there was basically like queues we like there was basically like queues we. Like there was basically like queues we are kind of empty so are kind of empty so. Are kind of empty so uh you know there's no reason to uh you know there's no reason to. Uh you know there's no reason to basically penalize anything but like I basically penalize anything but like I. Basically penalize anything but like I don't know if that's uh don't know if that's uh. Don't know if that's uh you know if this will actually happen in you know if this will actually happen in. You know if this will actually happen in practice because we tend to see more of practice because we tend to see more of. Practice because we tend to see more of a you know cues actually have a bunch of a you know cues actually have a bunch of. A you know cues actually have a bunch of stuff and it's never enough stuff and it's never enough. Stuff and it's never enough capacity to do anything but at the same capacity to do anything but at the same. Capacity to do anything but at the same time like I was saying like earlier like time like I was saying like earlier like. Time like I was saying like earlier like mainly the contention is all on on mainly the contention is all on on. Mainly the contention is all on on compute and not on iOS then if people compute and not on iOS then if people. Compute and not on iOS then if people don't use all their eye or like let's don't use all their eye or like let's. Don't use all their eye or like let's say they because some of the problems say they because some of the problems. Say they because some of the problems here that I'm talking about as the here that I'm talking about as the. Here that I'm talking about as the imagine you have a imagine you have a imagine you have a. A test and set type of contract right a a test and set type of contract right a a test and set type of contract right a. Contractor basically does a read contractor basically does a read contractor basically does a read. And then in some conditions going to and then in some conditions going to and then in some conditions going to. Update The Ledger entry update The Ledger entry update The Ledger entry well in this proposal regardless of of. Well in this proposal regardless of of well in this proposal regardless of of uh uh. Uh of what the contract is going to do of what the contract is going to do of what the contract is going to do. Uh if you said you're going to write and uh if you said you're going to write and. Uh if you said you're going to write and you don't write then you're paid for the. You don't write then you're paid for the you don't write then you're paid for the. For the right for the right for the right um which is a bit sad um which is a bit sad. Um which is a bit sad uh I don't know if it will happen or not uh I don't know if it will happen or not. Uh I don't know if it will happen or not but that's something that I think May uh. But that's something that I think May uh but that's something that I think May uh. Happen quite a bit if happen quite a bit if happen quite a bit if um um um maybe in certain like trainings is it. Maybe in certain like trainings is it maybe in certain like trainings is it the type of trading contracts or. The type of trading contracts or the type of trading contracts or something like that for amms I don't. Something like that for amms I don't something like that for amms I don't think it will happen because we always. Think it will happen because we always think it will happen because we always have like those tiny adjustments to the. Have like those tiny adjustments to the have like those tiny adjustments to the results. Results results um but maybe different kind of um but maybe different kind of um but maybe different kind of. Uh yeah I mean like I said it's a test uh yeah I mean like I said it's a test uh yeah I mean like I said it's a test. And set type of situation and set type of situation and set type of situation so I would imagine it should be fairly. So I would imagine it should be fairly so I would imagine it should be fairly common in the uh. Common in the uh common in the uh in kind of the general case in kind of the general case. In kind of the general case so this is specific for situations in so this is specific for situations in. So this is specific for situations in which which which um you know let's say pre-flight. Um you know let's say pre-flight um you know let's say pre-flight determined that you're going to go in. Determined that you're going to go in determined that you're going to go in one code path and then uh you know the. One code path and then uh you know the one code path and then uh you know the state changes and when you actually go. State changes and when you actually go state changes and when you actually go on the network it takes a different code. On the network it takes a different code on the network it takes a different code. Path yeah like and and this situation is path yeah like and and this situation is. Path yeah like and and this situation is is like when you have like an Arbitrage is like when you have like an Arbitrage. Is like when you have like an Arbitrage opportunity right like you have opportunity right like you have. Opportunity right like you have people say oh I can trade and then people say oh I can trade and then. People say oh I can trade and then and then uh so then when you pre-flight and then uh so then when you pre-flight. And then uh so then when you pre-flight they see that yeah I can trade they see that yeah I can trade. They see that yeah I can trade and that that folder they are going to and that that folder they are going to. And that that folder they are going to submit the transaction but then submit the transaction but then. Submit the transaction but then when their transaction gets executed when their transaction gets executed. When their transaction gets executed while the trade was already taken so while the trade was already taken so. While the trade was already taken so it's a no it's a no it's a no right so that's kind of what I'm thinking I. So that's kind of what I'm thinking I guess in the amm because that's exactly guess in the amm because that's exactly. Guess in the amm because that's exactly what will happen is that you don't what will happen is that you don't. What will happen is that you don't update the results in that case because update the results in that case because. Update the results in that case because the swap is just not going to do the swap is just not going to do. The swap is just not going to do anything anything anything but you said you were going to swap so. But you said you were going to swap so but you said you were going to swap so now you're paying for that. So yeah so yeah so in these kind of cases one lens so in these kind of cases one lens. So in these kind of cases one lens that's kind of useful to look at it is that's kind of useful to look at it is. That's kind of useful to look at it is you have all these things to do and you you have all these things to do and you. You have all these things to do and you can't do them all that's why you have can't do them all that's why you have. Can't do them all that's why you have prioritization right and so really the prioritization right and so really the. Prioritization right and so really the question of your algorithm is who loses question of your algorithm is who loses. Question of your algorithm is who loses who is going to lose and not get in who is going to lose and not get in. Who is going to lose and not get in answering that question deciding what answering that question deciding what. Answering that question deciding what you would like to happen in those you would like to happen in those. You would like to happen in those situations helps to inform the structure situations helps to inform the structure. Situations helps to inform the structure of your of your optimization right of your of your optimization right. Of your of your optimization right so it could be that what we're aiming so it could be that what we're aiming. So it could be that what we're aiming for is optimal use of compute and I O for is optimal use of compute and I O. For is optimal use of compute and I O and then the ability for people to and then the ability for people to. And then the ability for people to really push for it if something seems really push for it if something seems. Really push for it if something seems important to them important to them important to them. And you know and if you have that if and you know and if you have that if and you know and if you have that if. That's your thesis that's the lens that that's your thesis that's the lens that that's your thesis that's the lens that. You're using then you can make a you're using then you can make a you're using then you can make a. Decision about whether it makes any decision about whether it makes any decision about whether it makes any. Sense to charge someone when it doesn't sense to charge someone when it doesn't sense to charge someone when it doesn't. Actually happen or not because maybe it actually happen or not because maybe it actually happen or not because maybe it. Achieves your goals right so I think achieves your goals right so I think achieves your goals right so I think. That's like one way to think about how that's like one way to think about how that's like one way to think about how. To move forward on this yeah I mean at the same time I think the yeah I mean at the same time I think the. Current gap on that front is is current gap on that front is is current gap on that front is is. Conservative version right conservative version right conservative version right similarly when you have like a if a. Similarly when you have like a if a similarly when you have like a if a contract uh traps. Contract uh traps contract uh traps right now we basically say you don't get right now we basically say you don't get. Right now we basically say you don't get any refunds if you trap because you've any refunds if you trap because you've. Any refunds if you trap because you've been wasting this clip uh you know you been wasting this clip uh you know you. Been wasting this clip uh you know you had a promise it was going to be a super had a promise it was going to be a super. Had a promise it was going to be a super useful transaction and then it didn't do. Useful transaction and then it didn't do useful transaction and then it didn't do. Anything because it it crashed anything because it it crashed anything because it it crashed. Um yeah it's not bother right trying to um yeah it's not bother right trying to um yeah it's not bother right trying to. Basically it's kind of going back to basically it's kind of going back to basically it's kind of going back to. What you're saying like we want to what you're saying like we want to what you're saying like we want to. Encourage people to not submit encourage people to not submit encourage people to not submit. Transactions that are crashing or doing transactions that are crashing or doing transactions that are crashing or doing. Nothing so maybe the current proposal is nothing so maybe the current proposal is. Nothing so maybe the current proposal is the right one okay was there many more questions in. Okay was there many more questions in the chat or something that we should be the chat or something that we should be. The chat or something that we should be looking at foreign foreign I don't see any more questions in the. I don't see any more questions in the I don't see any more questions in the chat chat. Chat um um um so I think that uh unless there's so I think that uh unless there's. So I think that uh unless there's something else that you want to bring up something else that you want to bring up. Something else that you want to bring up today Pico I think we can uh call it a today Pico I think we can uh call it a. Today Pico I think we can uh call it a day day day no I think that's so like uh yeah. No I think that's so like uh yeah no I think that's so like uh yeah uh so we'll continue conversing in the. Uh so we'll continue conversing in the uh so we'll continue conversing in the live stage or or the live chat if anyone. Live stage or or the live chat if anyone live stage or or the live chat if anyone. Wants to keep talking wants to keep talking wants to keep talking yeah yeah yeah you know that's on the regular Dev. So people want to boost that too so people want to boost that too all right all right. All right thank you thank you have a great day.
