All right I'll get started well welcome all right I'll get started well welcome everyone today I'll be speaking about uh. Everyone today I'll be speaking about uh everyone today I'll be speaking about uh. An update to cap an update to cap an update to cap 67 uh which is the unified events cap uh. 67 uh which is the unified events cap uh 67 uh which is the unified events cap uh. So so a recent change was made uh where so so a recent change was made uh where so so a recent change was made uh where. With the goal of uh reaching feature with the goal of uh reaching feature with the goal of uh reaching feature. Parody with regards to Memos in seller parody with regards to Memos in seller parody with regards to Memos in seller. Classic and more specifically uh you classic and more specifically uh you classic and more specifically uh you. Know batch payments within a transaction know batch payments within a transaction. Know batch payments within a transaction with different mxed operation Source with different mxed operation Source. With different mxed operation Source accounts are possible in classic uh and accounts are possible in classic uh and. Accounts are possible in classic uh and this is a way you can make batch this is a way you can make batch. This is a way you can make batch payments to an exchange so we wanted to payments to an exchange so we wanted to. Payments to an exchange so we wanted to make uh similar functionality possible make uh similar functionality possible. Make uh similar functionality possible in in in sorun uh so the the proposed solution is. Sorun uh so the the proposed solution is sorun uh so the the proposed solution is. To add an extension function called to add an extension function called to add an extension function called. Transfer with memo to the Token standard transfer with memo to the Token standard. Transfer with memo to the Token standard uh if if you want to support memos so uh if if you want to support memos so. Uh if if you want to support memos so the function takes an optional optional the function takes an optional optional. The function takes an optional optional memos for both the from and two memos for both the from and two. Memos for both the from and two addresses and will emit uh transfer addresses and will emit uh transfer. Addresses and will emit uh transfer event with a new topic uh that is a event with a new topic uh that is a. Event with a new topic uh that is a vector of memos uh this this format does vector of memos uh this this format does. Vector of memos uh this this format does need to be discussed though there's need to be discussed though there's. Need to be discussed though there's there's been a lot of discussion on this there's been a lot of discussion on this. There's been a lot of discussion on this recently uh so if we don't expect that recently uh so if we don't expect that. Recently uh so if we don't expect that the memos to be filtered on then it the memos to be filtered on then it. The memos to be filtered on then it should actually be in the data field uh should actually be in the data field uh. Should actually be in the data field uh but putting putting this into the data but putting putting this into the data. But putting putting this into the data field will be a breaking change which is field will be a breaking change which is. Field will be a breaking change which is why I didn't initially update the why I didn't initially update the. Why I didn't initially update the proposal for that uh because the data proposal for that uh because the data. Proposal for that uh because the data field is currently an integer instead of field is currently an integer instead of. Field is currently an integer instead of a map uh but one of the options is is a map uh but one of the options is is. A map uh but one of the options is is making that breaking change and updating making that breaking change and updating. Making that breaking change and updating that um and the the other option is to that um and the the other option is to. That um and the the other option is to split the if you want do want the top split the if you want do want the top. Split the if you want do want the top memos to be filtered on is to split uh memos to be filtered on is to split uh. Memos to be filtered on is to split uh that Vector two separate uh memo fields that Vector two separate uh memo fields. That Vector two separate uh memo fields in the topic uh so we leave the the in the topic uh so we leave the the. In the topic uh so we leave the the memos in the topics and allow them to be memos in the topics and allow them to be. Memos in the topics and allow them to be filtered on there um and instead of so filtered on there um and instead of so. Filtered on there um and instead of so those are updates to the transfer event those are updates to the transfer event. Those are updates to the transfer event uh the other alternative is instead of uh the other alternative is instead of. Uh the other alternative is instead of emitting the transfer event uh we ALS we emitting the transfer event uh we ALS we. Emitting the transfer event uh we ALS we emit a we still we emit the transfer emit a we still we emit the transfer. Emit a we still we emit the transfer event as it exists today and then we event as it exists today and then we. Event as it exists today and then we emit an additional transfer with memo emit an additional transfer with memo. Emit an additional transfer with memo event uh with the with the memo event uh with the with the memo. Event uh with the with the memo information so if you care about the information so if you care about the. Information so if you care about the memo you consume that event as well uh memo you consume that event as well uh. Memo you consume that event as well uh and there's also an alternative proposal and there's also an alternative proposal. And there's also an alternative proposal in the thread I just linked from Dima to. In the thread I just linked from Dima to in the thread I just linked from Dima to. First Class the MOX count type which is First Class the MOX count type which is First Class the MOX count type which is. Which is a a different proposal from the which is a a different proposal from the. Which is a a different proposal from the transfer with transfer with transfer with. Memo uh a methodology that that the cap memo uh a methodology that that the cap memo uh a methodology that that the cap. Defines uh so yeah there I know there's defines uh so yeah there I know there's defines uh so yeah there I know there's. A lot of uh there a lot of opinions on a lot of uh there a lot of opinions on a lot of uh there a lot of opinions on. What we should do here I don't know if what we should do here I don't know if what we should do here I don't know if. Anyone wants to chime in maybe Lee or anyone wants to chime in maybe Lee or anyone wants to chime in maybe Lee or. Dimma yeah I guess I could quickly present my yeah I guess I could quickly present my. Option option option and uh recap some points I've made in and uh recap some points I've made in. And uh recap some points I've made in the discussion Regarding why do I think the discussion Regarding why do I think. The discussion Regarding why do I think that my proposal might be a better that my proposal might be a better. That my proposal might be a better option than an explicit operation uh option than an explicit operation uh. Option than an explicit operation uh code transfer with memo and the gist of code transfer with memo and the gist of. Code transfer with memo and the gist of The Proposal is that The Proposal is that. The Proposal is that uh we make it so from uh we make it so from uh we make it so from. The uh client the uh client the uh client standpoint uh the mark addresses uh do standpoint uh the mark addresses uh do. Standpoint uh the mark addresses uh do not look uh like do not require any not look uh like do not require any. Not look uh like do not require any special treatment meaning that you can special treatment meaning that you can. Special treatment meaning that you can create an st create an st create an st Val um that uh represents for example. Val um that uh represents for example Val um that uh represents for example Max classic account and pass it as out. Max classic account and pass it as out Max classic account and pass it as out to the. To the to the contract and and uh changes are only contract and and uh changes are only. Contract and and uh changes are only necessary on the contract side similar necessary on the contract side similar. Necessary on the contract side similar to to the transfer memo option right the to to the transfer memo option right the. To to the transfer memo option right the changes are necessary on the contract changes are necessary on the contract. Changes are necessary on the contract side to support this uh because if side to support this uh because if. Side to support this uh because if you're are talking about the approach or you're are talking about the approach or. You're are talking about the approach or we literally have a transfer with memo we literally have a transfer with memo. We literally have a transfer with memo function we are kind of reinforcing the function we are kind of reinforcing the. Function we are kind of reinforcing the memo concept that is really problematic memo concept that is really problematic. Memo concept that is really problematic because like we have two different because like we have two different. Because like we have two different identifiers identifiers identifiers um that the users need to care about and. Um that the users need to care about and um that the users need to care about and. We put it deeper into the protocol into we put it deeper into the protocol into we put it deeper into the protocol into. The token standards and then we just the token standards and then we just the token standards and then we just. Expect down Downstream systems to handle expect down Downstream systems to handle. Expect down Downstream systems to handle it in a special way to and if it in a special way to and if. It in a special way to and if represented this singular address I am represented this singular address I am. Represented this singular address I am not sure if this is going to apply like not sure if this is going to apply like. Not sure if this is going to apply like if if this has worked for example I if if this has worked for example I. If if this has worked for example I don't see why wouldn't like changes to don't see why wouldn't like changes to. Don't see why wouldn't like changes to the trade they constantly get issues the trade they constantly get issues. The trade they constantly get issues with memers they could in theory build with memers they could in theory build. With memers they could in theory build an M address and vets could in theory an M address and vets could in theory. An M address and vets could in theory purse an M address and it back into memo purse an M address and it back into memo. Purse an M address and it back into memo and g account um that doesn't happen and g account um that doesn't happen. And g account um that doesn't happen because that's very cumbersome and that because that's very cumbersome and that. Because that's very cumbersome and that Reise on a lot of parties to do the Reise on a lot of parties to do the. Reise on a lot of parties to do the right thing at the same time um whereas right thing at the same time um whereas. Right thing at the same time um whereas in my in my in my proposal um the only thing that a v. Proposal um the only thing that a v proposal um the only thing that a v would need to do is well convert a. Would need to do is well convert a would need to do is well convert a Spring key into an address which is like. Spring key into an address which is like Spring key into an address which is like. Call library function so there is no call library function so there is no call library function so there is no. Need to somehow specially handle this um need to somehow specially handle this um. Need to somehow specially handle this um and we are kind of reinforcing a good and we are kind of reinforcing a good. And we are kind of reinforcing a good pattern of using Max pattern of using Max pattern of using Max. Accounts and the the main benefit of Max accounts and the the main benefit of Max. Accounts and the the main benefit of Max accounts is that they have a canonical accounts is that they have a canonical. Accounts is that they have a canonical single address representation single address representation. Single address representation and in general the user doesn't need to and in general the user doesn't need to. And in general the user doesn't need to worry about what exactly it is only s worry about what exactly it is only s. Worry about what exactly it is only s it's they need to worry about is that it's they need to worry about is that. It's they need to worry about is that this is their address of their exchange this is their address of their exchange. This is their address of their exchange account quote unquote and they need to account quote unquote and they need to. Account quote unquote and they need to deposit money to this account um and uh deposit money to this account um and uh. Deposit money to this account um and uh this is the only thing that they we need this is the only thing that they we need. This is the only thing that they we need to worry about so it's kind of the gist to worry about so it's kind of the gist. To worry about so it's kind of the gist of the proposals there are definitely of the proposals there are definitely. Of the proposals there are definitely information details that could be information details that could be. Information details that could be discussed but um I guess there was lot discussed but um I guess there was lot. Discussed but um I guess there was lot of position on the whole idea of doing of position on the whole idea of doing. Of position on the whole idea of doing doing this which honestly I'm still not doing this which honestly I'm still not. Doing this which honestly I'm still not sure sure sure I understand the reasons behind because. I understand the reasons behind because I understand the reasons behind because again. Again again like um the transfer M proposal is like like um the transfer M proposal is like. Like um the transfer M proposal is like doubling down on the memo hack that has doubling down on the memo hack that has. Doubling down on the memo hack that has been existent in the protocol for a been existent in the protocol for a. Been existent in the protocol for a while um so yeah that's kind while um so yeah that's kind. While um so yeah that's kind of um my side process here with your propos proposal to uh you. Here with your propos proposal to uh you you have a transfer function that would you have a transfer function that would. You have a transfer function that would take two different types right uh it take two different types right uh it. Take two different types right uh it would either it could either take the would either it could either take the. Would either it could either take the address object is exists today or among address object is exists today or among. Address object is exists today or among yeah address object Bally I'd say the yeah address object Bally I'd say the. Yeah address object Bally I'd say the main requirement is that on the client main requirement is that on the client. Main requirement is that on the client side Al xdr should deal with uh SC side Al xdr should deal with uh SC. Side Al xdr should deal with uh SC addresses that represent maxed accounts addresses that represent maxed accounts. Addresses that represent maxed accounts can introduce a concept of Max contracts can introduce a concept of Max contracts. Can introduce a concept of Max contracts as well that's the main as well that's the main. As well that's the main requirement then requirement then requirement then everything else is going into the realm. Everything else is going into the realm everything else is going into the realm of the implementation details and things. Of the implementation details and things of the implementation details and things. May be adjusted for quity if I think uh may be adjusted for quity if I think uh may be adjusted for quity if I think uh. That's needed like uh but yeah in my that's needed like uh but yeah in my that's needed like uh but yeah in my. Original proposals area was that um original proposals area was that um original proposals area was that um. Since the contract types are they by the since the contract types are they by the. Since the contract types are they by the nature of our San design um they're nature of our San design um they're. Nature of our San design um they're polymorphic right or they variant types polymorphic right or they variant types. Polymorphic right or they variant types basically right so um you can pass a basically right so um you can pass a. Basically right so um you can pass a general Val that represents one of the general Val that represents one of the. General Val that represents one of the about of types to the contract which about of types to the contract which. About of types to the contract which means that uh the layer of the contract means that uh the layer of the contract. Means that uh the layer of the contract interfaces there shouldn't be an issue interfaces there shouldn't be an issue. Interfaces there shouldn't be an issue for a contract to be able to accept not for a contract to be able to accept not. For a contract to be able to accept not only add dress object um in a function only add dress object um in a function. Only add dress object um in a function but uh either an address object or maxed but uh either an address object or maxed. But uh either an address object or maxed address object um so is one way this can. Address object um so is one way this can address object um so is one way this can. Be implemented U on like the level of be implemented U on like the level of be implemented U on like the level of. The Cross contract interraction there is the Cross contract interraction there is. The Cross contract interraction there is of course definitely some stuff that of course definitely some stuff that. Of course definitely some stuff that needs to be figured out how how exactly needs to be figured out how how exactly. Needs to be figured out how how exactly do this DEC how do we represent this do this DEC how do we represent this. Do this DEC how do we represent this interface at all but I don't think it's interface at all but I don't think it's. Interface at all but I don't think it's impossible to achieve especially given impossible to achieve especially given. Impossible to achieve especially given that it's kind of a narrow use case I that it's kind of a narrow use case I. That it's kind of a narrow use case I think it could be a separate interface think it could be a separate interface. Think it could be a separate interface that you implement if you want to that you implement if you want to. That you implement if you want to support MOS um and this interface will support MOS um and this interface will. Support MOS um and this interface will be compatible with the interface of the be compatible with the interface of the. Be compatible with the interface of the um Regional uh token contract because um Regional uh token contract because. Um Regional uh token contract because again um protocol itself does not again um protocol itself does not. Again um protocol itself does not enforce any uh type restrictions um Ty enforce any uh type restrictions um Ty. Enforce any uh type restrictions um Ty restrictions happen at the contract restrictions happen at the contract. Restrictions happen at the contract implementation layer so I think um yeah implementation layer so I think um yeah. Implementation layer so I think um yeah can do that and the same goes for the event. That and the same goes for the event trade like um we can do different things trade like um we can do different things. Trade like um we can do different things about the events like we can a transfer about the events like we can a transfer. About the events like we can a transfer event we can like ex option and kind of event we can like ex option and kind of. Event we can like ex option and kind of in favor of which is another benefit of in favor of which is another benefit of. In favor of which is another benefit of this approach is that since we have Max this approach is that since we have Max. This approach is that since we have Max accounts in the accounts in the accounts in the. Protocol um what we could do is we could protocol um what we could do is we could. Protocol um what we could do is we could have a an additional field in the event have a an additional field in the event. Have a an additional field in the event structure itself uh for through this structure itself uh for through this. Structure itself uh for through this mares um I don't know if it is too mares um I don't know if it is too. Mares um I don't know if it is too wasteful or not but at least this is an wasteful or not but at least this is an. Wasteful or not but at least this is an option that we have that does not option that we have that does not. Option that we have that does not require imited additional EV and also require imited additional EV and also. Require imited additional EV and also does not mess up index and for those who does not mess up index and for those who. Does not mess up index and for those who don't care about M so you could have a don't care about M so you could have a. Don't care about M so you could have a set Vector of uh the multiplex Tes um set Vector of uh the multiplex Tes um. Set Vector of uh the multiplex Tes um addresses in the event which would addresses in the event which would. Addresses in the event which would generate automatically so yeah that's generate automatically so yeah that's. Generate automatically so yeah that's kind kind kind of one of the options that this opens up. Of one of the options that this opens up of one of the options that this opens up. As well so the uh the vent point you well so the uh the vent point you mentioned like that's a that's be done. Mentioned like that's a that's be done mentioned like that's a that's be done with either approach right where we. With either approach right where we with either approach right where we separate the max. Separate the max separate the max ID well it depends on versus goes um ID well it depends on versus goes um. ID well it depends on versus goes um like in the transfer memo option it has like in the transfer memo option it has. Like in the transfer memo option it has to go through the normal EV data to go through the normal EV data. To go through the normal EV data structure so it will either belong to structure so it will either belong to. Structure so it will either belong to data or topics um with a protocol based data or topics um with a protocol based. Data or topics um with a protocol based approach we have an option of putting it approach we have an option of putting it. Approach we have an option of putting it into a sort field that is not data and into a sort field that is not data and. Into a sort field that is not data and not a topic Oh you mean the xdr not a topic Oh you mean the xdr. Not a topic Oh you mean the xdr yeah in the xdr yes so if you don't care yeah in the xdr yes so if you don't care. Yeah in the xdr yes so if you don't care about this you will not see it at all about this you will not see it at all. About this you will not see it at all and this event will quite a normal and this event will quite a normal. And this event will quite a normal transfer event transfer event transfer event you interesting okay so that that would. You interesting okay so that that would you interesting okay so that that would require some uh Downstream like some. Require some uh Downstream like some require some uh Downstream like some work in RPC to expose that additional. Work in RPC to expose that additional work in RPC to expose that additional information right because I don't think. Information right because I don't think information right because I don't think RPC currently exposes of course. RPC currently exposes of course RPC currently exposes of course everything course I mean sure any option. Everything course I mean sure any option everything course I mean sure any option. Requires like some sort of additional requires like some sort of additional requires like some sort of additional. Work somewhere yeah and um work somewhere yeah and um work somewhere yeah and um yeah it's not an argument Pro con it's. Yeah it's not an argument Pro con it's yeah it's not an argument Pro con it's not a pro con of any approach yeah sorry. Not a pro con of any approach yeah sorry not a pro con of any approach yeah sorry. I Wasing wanted to say something yeah so I think like we're something yeah so I think like we're. Discussing a few different small discussing a few different small discussing a few different small. Features um that all come together into features um that all come together into features um that all come together into. Sort of these two different ways that we sort of these two different ways that we. Sort of these two different ways that we could implement this um and so I think could implement this um and so I think. Could implement this um and so I think the the four different features we're the the four different features we're. The the four different features we're talking about is um you know should the talking about is um you know should the. Talking about is um you know should the should it be an should it be an M should it be an should it be an M. Should it be an should it be an M address or should it be a g address plus address or should it be a g address plus. Address or should it be a g address plus a memo in the input and then the same a memo in the input and then the same. A memo in the input and then the same thing for the output the thing for the output the. Thing for the output the event and then we're talking about event and then we're talking about. Event and then we're talking about should we reuse the transfer function should we reuse the transfer function. Should we reuse the transfer function the existing transfer function or should the existing transfer function or should. The existing transfer function or should we separate the this use of M memers we separate the this use of M memers. We separate the this use of M memers into a separate into a separate into a separate. Function and then should we reuse the function and then should we reuse the function and then should we reuse the. Transfer event or should we separate transfer event or should we separate transfer event or should we separate. Them into the transfer with memo event them into the transfer with memo event them into the transfer with memo event. Like each of these these things are like like each of these these things are like. Like each of these these things are like separate decisions that we can separate decisions that we can. Separate decisions that we can make um I think some of what you've make um I think some of what you've. Make um I think some of what you've alluded to De about you know the SDK um alluded to De about you know the SDK um. Alluded to De about you know the SDK um and you know what would this look like and you know what would this look like. And you know what would this look like in the S Cas so I understand I think in the S Cas so I understand I think. In the S Cas so I understand I think when we look at from the the host when we look at from the the host. When we look at from the the host interface um yes all values that come interface um yes all values that come. Interface um yes all values that come into a contract are a Val so it's a into a contract are a Val so it's a. Into a contract are a Val so it's a little bit like if you're a Java little bit like if you're a Java. Little bit like if you're a Java programmer and you're familiar with like programmer and you're familiar with like. Programmer and you're familiar with like object you know you can you can make object you know you can you can make. Object you know you can you can make your parameter coming into a function as your parameter coming into a function as. Your parameter coming into a function as object or you can make it some type and object or you can make it some type and. Object or you can make it some type and map to different types so you know we map to different types so you know we. Map to different types so you know we could add nstk type that is I'm not sure could add nstk type that is I'm not sure. Could add nstk type that is I'm not sure what we' call it any address I'm just what we' call it any address I'm just. What we' call it any address I'm just going to use the term any address right going to use the term any address right. Going to use the term any address right now um and address could be this MX now um and address could be this MX. Now um and address could be this MX address or it could be the address we address or it could be the address we. Address or it could be the address we have today so the MX address is an M have today so the MX address is an M. Have today so the MX address is an M address and the address we have today is address and the address we have today is. Address and the address we have today is a g or a c and a g or a c and a g or a c and. So we we could do that but we're sort of so we we could do that but we're sort of. So we we could do that but we're sort of adding um a lot more that I think every adding um a lot more that I think every. Adding um a lot more that I think every token developer is going to be exposed token developer is going to be exposed. Token developer is going to be exposed to and going to have to learn about um to and going to have to learn about um. To and going to have to learn about um and that's like that's a barrier to and that's like that's a barrier to. And that's like that's a barrier to entry that's a um a potential point of entry that's a um a potential point of. Entry that's a um a potential point of confusion so why I think that every confusion so why I think that every. Confusion so why I think that every token developer will be exposed to this token developer will be exposed to this. Token developer will be exposed to this is because uh we can't change we can't is because uh we can't change we can't. Is because uh we can't change we can't have that token interface be something have that token interface be something. Have that token interface be something that's extendable so like right now the that's extendable so like right now the. That's extendable so like right now the SDK has if the function name is the same SDK has if the function name is the same. SDK has if the function name is the same so right now there's this token so right now there's this token. So right now there's this token interface in the S an SDK um and there's interface in the S an SDK um and there's. Interface in the S an SDK um and there's tooling built around that being built tooling built around that being built. Tooling built around that being built around that um by folks like if you go around that um by folks like if you go. Around that um by folks like if you go and have a look at like the open zeppin and have a look at like the open zeppin. And have a look at like the open zeppin contracts and stuff so there's like contracts and stuff so there's like. Contracts and stuff so there's like tooling being both buil bu up around tooling being both buil bu up around. Tooling being both buil bu up around being compatible with it um and we can't being compatible with it um and we can't. Being compatible with it um and we can't have like another trait that provides a have like another trait that provides a. Have like another trait that provides a different type of transfer function that different type of transfer function that. Different type of transfer function that has the same name and has a different has the same name and has a different. Has the same name and has a different type as the type as the type as the input so that means that somebody that. Input so that means that somebody that input so that means that somebody that goes and implements you know one of. Goes and implements you know one of goes and implements you know one of those traits their code might not be. Those traits their code might not be those traits their code might not be compatible with someon the other type of. Compatible with someon the other type of compatible with someon the other type of. The trait um if we have two complete the trait um if we have two complete the trait um if we have two complete. Different traits there sort of sort of different traits there sort of sort of different traits there sort of sort of. Like it's very difficult it's not really like it's very difficult it's not really. Like it's very difficult it's not really simple in Rust to you know rust doesn't simple in Rust to you know rust doesn't. Simple in Rust to you know rust doesn't have this concept of like overloading have this concept of like overloading. Have this concept of like overloading functions um so it's it's just yeah it's functions um so it's it's just yeah it's. Functions um so it's it's just yeah it's a little bit difficult to figure out how. A little bit difficult to figure out how a little bit difficult to figure out how. Do we actually make that work so I think do we actually make that work so I think. Do we actually make that work so I think like the develop like a narrative around. Like the develop like a narrative around like the develop like a narrative around. Like what a developer experiences so like what a developer experiences so like what a developer experiences so. Like on the surface I think like yeah like on the surface I think like yeah like on the surface I think like yeah. This um you know trying to build this um you know trying to build this um you know trying to build. Everything into one function overloading everything into one function overloading. Everything into one function overloading the type um these are all nice the type um these are all nice. The type um these are all nice engineering um these all seem like nice engineering um these all seem like nice. Engineering um these all seem like nice engineering decisions but the narrative engineering decisions but the narrative. Engineering decisions but the narrative that actually results in for the for the that actually results in for the for the. That actually results in for the for the user of the user of the user of the SDK is is reasonably complicated like. SDK is is reasonably complicated like SDK is is reasonably complicated like they need to learn about more things. They need to learn about more things they need to learn about more things whereas most custom token developers. Whereas most custom token developers whereas most custom token developers probably don't need to know about MX. Probably don't need to know about MX probably don't need to know about MX addresses they probably don't need to. Addresses they probably don't need to addresses they probably don't need to know about any address um they probably. Know about any address um they probably know about any address um they probably don't need to know about memos um like a. Don't need to know about memos um like a don't need to know about memos um like a. Lot of what we're adding for like Marx lot of what we're adding for like Marx lot of what we're adding for like Marx. Address and memos is for address and memos is for address and memos is for um yeah I guess some specific UK US. Um yeah I guess some specific UK US um yeah I guess some specific UK US cases where um the token Developers for. Cases where um the token Developers for cases where um the token Developers for those specific U cases would need to be. Those specific U cases would need to be those specific U cases would need to be aware of. Aware of aware of them yeah I'm yeah I I've made a lot of them yeah I'm yeah I I've made a lot of. Them yeah I'm yeah I I've made a lot of like I've answered a lot of these like I've answered a lot of these. Like I've answered a lot of these questions in the discussion but yeah I questions in the discussion but yeah I. Questions in the discussion but yeah I can answer again and I'd really like to can answer again and I'd really like to. Can answer again and I'd really like to challenge a lot of your points because challenge a lot of your points because. Challenge a lot of your points because well first thing is the developer well first thing is the developer. Well first thing is the developer complexity um I think that transfer memo complexity um I think that transfer memo. Complexity um I think that transfer memo option introduces developer complexity option introduces developer complexity. Option introduces developer complexity arguably more developer complexity just arguably more developer complexity just. Arguably more developer complexity just in different place and this place is St in different place and this place is St. In different place and this place is St like wets or block like wets or block like wets or block. Explorers and I would argue that explorers and I would argue that explorers and I would argue that. Complexity in these places is much worse complexity in these places is much worse. Complexity in these places is much worse because instead of you know doing this because instead of you know doing this. Because instead of you know doing this once or a few times in places like open once or a few times in places like open. Once or a few times in places like open zeppin implementations for example right zeppin implementations for example right. Zeppin implementations for example right you actually ask every developer to to you actually ask every developer to to. You actually ask every developer to to either resort to just present in this either resort to just present in this. Either resort to just present in this transfer with memo operation literally transfer with memo operation literally. Transfer with memo operation literally transfer with memo and you know uh we we transfer with memo and you know uh we we. Transfer with memo and you know uh we we kind of just repeat the mistake of kind of just repeat the mistake of. Kind of just repeat the mistake of building them into protocol and we'll building them into protocol and we'll. Building them into protocol and we'll have funds lost because people just have funds lost because people just. Have funds lost because people just forget to paste memo in the operation or forget to paste memo in the operation or. Forget to paste memo in the operation or you have a requirement for the you have a requirement for the. You have a requirement for the downstream developers to have the same downstream developers to have the same. Downstream developers to have the same level of knowledge of what M must do but level of knowledge of what M must do but. Level of knowledge of what M must do but the work around again if we like in case. The work around again if we like in case the work around again if we like in case. Of the SDK if there is at least some of the SDK if there is at least some of the SDK if there is at least some. Possible way of building a samean possible way of building a samean possible way of building a samean. Solution for the solution for the solution for the developers um which we can discuss this. Developers um which we can discuss this developers um which we can discuss this rain firms. Rain firms rain firms options for the downstream it's options for the downstream it's. Options for the downstream it's basically up to them for the basically up to them for the. Basically up to them for the interpretation and I don't see a sane interpretation and I don't see a sane. Interpretation and I don't see a sane way of standardizing this and making way of standardizing this and making. Way of standardizing this and making sure that you know uh every time address sure that you know uh every time address. Sure that you know uh every time address is an address but if you encounter is an address but if you encounter. Is an address but if you encounter transfer res memo somewhere then this is transfer res memo somewhere then this is. Transfer res memo somewhere then this is not an address this is Max address and not an address this is Max address and. Not an address this is Max address and then if you encounter an M address and then if you encounter an M address and. Then if you encounter an M address and user tries to make a transfer you user tries to make a transfer you. User tries to make a transfer you actually need to resort to this actually need to resort to this. Actually need to resort to this different function and you need to break different function and you need to break. Different function and you need to break it down um I think it's complicated I it down um I think it's complicated I. It down um I think it's complicated I think it's more complicated than uh think it's more complicated than uh. Think it's more complicated than uh messing a bit with r traes and um the messing a bit with r traes and um the. Messing a bit with r traes and um the solutions that are proc involve like solutions that are proc involve like. Solutions that are proc involve like what if token interface accepted just a what if token interface accepted just a. What if token interface accepted just a valve for examp example um which is valve for examp example um which is. Valve for examp example um which is that's type safe but you know token that's type safe but you know token. That's type safe but you know token implementation just makes a check if it implementation just makes a check if it. Implementation just makes a check if it is address in one case Max address in is address in one case Max address in. Is address in one case Max address in the other case um then like we don't the other case um then like we don't. The other case um then like we don't even need separate traes or it just move even need separate traes or it just move. Even need separate traes or it just move the check out of SDK autom magical type the check out of SDK autom magical type. The check out of SDK autom magical type conversion into um into the contract conversion into um into the contract. Conversion into um into the contract project there just one option we we can project there just one option we we can. Project there just one option we we can think about more my point is that like think about more my point is that like. Think about more my point is that like I feel like fundamentally this is I feel like fundamentally this is. I feel like fundamentally this is just a better place to put complexity just a better place to put complexity. Just a better place to put complexity because it's higher upstream and because it's higher upstream and. Because it's higher upstream and ultimately not many people need to deal ultimately not many people need to deal. Ultimately not many people need to deal with it especially like you know if it's with it especially like you know if it's. With it especially like you know if it's always once and something like opens up always once and something like opens up. Always once and something like opens up implementations but but also sorry one implementations but but also sorry one. Implementations but but also sorry one last thing I wanted wait like one last last thing I wanted wait like one last. Last thing I wanted wait like one last point I wanted to make I don't agree point I wanted to make I don't agree. Point I wanted to make I don't agree that most of the token developers should that most of the token developers should. That most of the token developers should not care about memos um I think they do not care about memos um I think they do. Not care about memos um I think they do because because because like they probably would hope their. Like they probably would hope their like they probably would hope their tokens being listed on the exchanges at. Tokens being listed on the exchanges at tokens being listed on the exchanges at some point sooner or later so I. Some point sooner or later so I some point sooner or later so I think in either option they will kind of. Think in either option they will kind of think in either option they will kind of. Need to worry about this in one way or need to worry about this in one way or need to worry about this in one way or. Another either by implementing transfer another either by implementing transfer another either by implementing transfer. B memo or Max Account Support um so yeah B memo or Max Account Support um so yeah. B memo or Max Account Support um so yeah again I'm not sure if we are saving again I'm not sure if we are saving. Again I'm not sure if we are saving something here something here something here specifically yeah um yeah so I think one. Specifically yeah um yeah so I think one specifically yeah um yeah so I think one. Thing I I think was interesting you you thing I I think was interesting you you thing I I think was interesting you you. Talked about talked about talked about the um you this this idea that like we the um you this this idea that like we. The um you this this idea that like we want to be able to encourage madress use want to be able to encourage madress use. Want to be able to encourage madress use and we we we don't want to go down that and we we we don't want to go down that. And we we we don't want to go down that past where you know the two were past where you know the two were. Past where you know the two were separated because that was you know a separated because that was you know a. Separated because that was you know a mistake it was easy to forget them I mistake it was easy to forget them I. Mistake it was easy to forget them I think we're conflating some of the think we're conflating some of the. Think we're conflating some of the layers here so when esses were added layers here so when esses were added. Layers here so when esses were added there were actually two problems to there were actually two problems to. There were actually two problems to solve so the first problem was people solve so the first problem was people. Solve so the first problem was people not forgetting the the the memo and not forgetting the the the memo and. Not forgetting the the the memo and displaying that information so displaying that information so. Displaying that information so displaying that combined information in displaying that combined information in. Displaying that combined information in just a single identify that they could just a single identify that they could. Just a single identify that they could just copy and paste the wallet now the just copy and paste the wallet now the. Just copy and paste the wallet now the second problem that had to be solved was second problem that had to be solved was. Second problem that had to be solved was how do we get that information into the how do we get that information into the. How do we get that information into the existing transaction xdr the way that we existing transaction xdr the way that we. Existing transaction xdr the way that we settled on solving that second piece is settled on solving that second piece is. Settled on solving that second piece is actually largely an implementation actually largely an implementation. Actually largely an implementation decision so that first piece is like the decision so that first piece is like the. Decision so that first piece is like the actual problem the problem we were actual problem the problem we were. Actual problem the problem we were trying to solve the user problem the trying to solve the user problem the. Trying to solve the user problem the second piece was the implementation is second piece was the implementation is. Second piece was the implementation is just implementation details and the way just implementation details and the way. Just implementation details and the way we tried to solve that at the time which we tried to solve that at the time which. We tried to solve that at the time which was largely led by just the existing was largely led by just the existing. Was largely led by just the existing structure of the xdr was was to put that structure of the xdr was was to put that. Structure of the xdr was was to put that memo ID next to the account inside this memo ID next to the account inside this. Memo ID next to the account inside this moxed account structure because we could moxed account structure because we could. Moxed account structure because we could actually do that in a way that didn't actually do that in a way that didn't. Actually do that in a way that didn't break a lot of the existing xdr but the break a lot of the existing xdr but the. Break a lot of the existing xdr but the goal was really just to get the memo goal was really just to get the memo. Goal was really just to get the memo alongside um each of these places where alongside um each of these places where. Alongside um each of these places where where where we needed to basically you where where we needed to basically you. Where where we needed to basically you know attach to a destination or attach know attach to a destination or attach. Know attach to a destination or attach it to the source so I think like that it to the source so I think like that. It to the source so I think like that last part is largely an implementation last part is largely an implementation. Last part is largely an implementation decision the Sol the problem that was decision the Sol the problem that was. Decision the Sol the problem that was originally solved with MOX accounts is originally solved with MOX accounts is. Originally solved with MOX accounts is that first part you user copy and that first part you user copy and. That first part you user copy and pasting a single ID into their wallet pasting a single ID into their wallet. Pasting a single ID into their wallet and I don't like both of the solutions and I don't like both of the solutions. And I don't like both of the solutions we're discussing here they both satisfy we're discussing here they both satisfy. We're discussing here they both satisfy that first problem which I think is like that first problem which I think is like. That first problem which I think is like you know if we're going to continue to you know if we're going to continue to. You know if we're going to continue to support MOX accounts that's like that's support MOX accounts that's like that's. Support MOX accounts that's like that's sort of the thing we have to make sure sort of the thing we have to make sure. Sort of the thing we have to make sure that continues to get solved um and that continues to get solved um and. That continues to get solved um and otherwise like a lot of the those otherwise like a lot of the those. Otherwise like a lot of the those details about you know does the wallet details about you know does the wallet. Details about you know does the wallet split apart the M address wallets split apart the M address wallets. Split apart the M address wallets already need to know about M addresses already need to know about M addresses. Already need to know about M addresses so like that's not a big deal does the so like that's not a big deal does the. So like that's not a big deal does the or you know they could potentially we or you know they could potentially we. Or you know they could potentially we could make the SDK easier at you know could make the SDK easier at you know. Could make the SDK easier at you know doing that for them but um that's doing that for them but um that's. Doing that for them but um that's largely an implementation largely an implementation. Largely an implementation detail detail detail uh so I guess I'm not really seeing like. Uh so I guess I'm not really seeing like uh so I guess I'm not really seeing like. The connect with like how the connect with like how the connect with like how adding continuing to propagate passing. Adding continuing to propagate passing adding continuing to propagate passing those because I mean in the XTR like to. Those because I mean in the XTR like to those because I mean in the XTR like to be really clear like in the XTR an M. Be really clear like in the XTR an M be really clear like in the XTR an M address is still two parts the Melo is. Address is still two parts the Melo is address is still two parts the Melo is still separated from the you know the. Still separated from the you know the still separated from the you know the public here sure totally but the thing. Public here sure totally but the thing public here sure totally but the thing is that again this transfer with memo we. Is that again this transfer with memo we is that again this transfer with memo we. Have like two separate contract call have like two separate contract call have like two separate contract call. Arguments and yeah of course it is an arguments and yeah of course it is an arguments and yeah of course it is an. Implementation detail but this is a implementation detail but this is a implementation detail but this is a. Detail that will cause a lot of bad detail that will cause a lot of bad detail that will cause a lot of bad. Decisions Downstream wait again decisions Downstream wait again decisions Downstream wait again. Um one decision can we talk specifically um one decision can we talk specifically. Um one decision can we talk specifically can we talk specifically about what can we talk specifically about what. Can we talk specifically about what decisions are because because something decisions are because because something. Decisions are because because something I just want to highlight is that I just want to highlight is that. I just want to highlight is that Downstream systems will want to filter Downstream systems will want to filter. Downstream systems will want to filter these events by the G address not by the these events by the G address not by the. These events by the G address not by the no no I'm not talking about the events no no I'm not talking about the events. No no I'm not talking about the events I'm talking about the I'm talking about the. I'm talking about the C and again to make me Point Clear like C and again to make me Point Clear like. C and again to make me Point Clear like I I'm not even insisting on any specific I I'm not even insisting on any specific. I I'm not even insisting on any specific solution to the events I'm talking solution to the events I'm talking. Solution to the events I'm talking specific about how is this function specific about how is this function. Specific about how is this function being called I'm arguing that transfer being called I'm arguing that transfer. Being called I'm arguing that transfer mem is harmful because well you have a mem is harmful because well you have a. Mem is harmful because well you have a functions that has four arguments and functions that has four arguments and. Functions that has four arguments and downstream when you're building this downstream when you're building this. Downstream when you're building this call um and trying to get user input for call um and trying to get user input for. Call um and trying to get user input for it you basically have two options one it you basically have two options one. It you basically have two options one option is do what you do every other option is do what you do every other. Option is do what you do every other time for every other function which is time for every other function which is. Time for every other function which is like uh have a strict matin of a cous to like uh have a strict matin of a cous to. Like uh have a strict matin of a cous to input function input function input function. Arguments um what we are proposing here arguments um what we are proposing here arguments um what we are proposing here. With transfer memos is that well in this with transfer memos is that well in this. With transfer memos is that well in this particular case they will need to particular case they will need to. Particular case they will need to somehow um somehow um somehow um either um take M address as user input. Either um take M address as user input either um take M address as user input and split it into two parts or I don't. And split it into two parts or I don't and split it into two parts or I don't know I'm not sure how this is supposed. Know I'm not sure how this is supposed know I'm not sure how this is supposed to look like and then when we are. To look like and then when we are to look like and then when we are talking about R which again kind of us. Talking about R which again kind of us talking about R which again kind of us with a function arguments we're in. With a function arguments we're in with a function arguments we're in exactly the same position where we kind. Exactly the same position where we kind exactly the same position where we kind of need. Of need of need to um in this particular case we need to to um in this particular case we need to. To um in this particular case we need to do something about like this mapin of do something about like this mapin of. Do something about like this mapin of arguments that is normally one to one arguments that is normally one to one. Arguments that is normally one to one and you know your code would be hey if I and you know your code would be hey if I. And you know your code would be hey if I say C address a render is a string key say C address a render is a string key. Say C address a render is a string key but here is say no no no like you you but here is say no no no like you you. But here is say no no no like you you cannot render this as a string key you cannot render this as a string key you. Cannot render this as a string key you actually need to render first and second actually need to render first and second. Actually need to render first and second argument as this m spring key um so you argument as this m spring key um so you. Argument as this m spring key um so you know I I doubt this will work know I I doubt this will work. Know I I doubt this will work um and this is honestly like how again I um and this is honestly like how again I. Um and this is honestly like how again I I made this point before like we can say. I made this point before like we can say I made this point before like we can say. That transaction memo is an that transaction memo is an that transaction memo is an. Implementation detail just renders implementation detail just renders implementation detail just renders. Destination as an M address of memo plus destination as an M address of memo plus. Destination as an M address of memo plus um was a destination account like that um was a destination account like that. Um was a destination account like that that works on paper if you have a single that works on paper if you have a single. That works on paper if you have a single payment um but we will don't do that payment um but we will don't do that. Payment um but we will don't do that because it's like very unintuitive and because it's like very unintuitive and. Because it's like very unintuitive and error prone um for were you were you there yep um just um I don't know if. There yep um just um I don't know if there yep um just um I don't know if George would like to George is typing. George would like to George is typing George would like to George is typing some things in here it sounds like he. Some things in here it sounds like he some things in here it sounds like he has some perspective to. Share don't know if he wants to join the share don't know if he wants to join the. Stage sure yeah I mean I can just reiterate sure yeah I mean I can just reiterate. What I put in the chat which is uh what I put in the chat which is uh what I put in the chat which is uh. Pretty similar to Demus points I think pretty similar to Demus points I think pretty similar to Demus points I think. Which is that uh having separate which is that uh having separate which is that uh having separate. Functions for this and separate functions for this and separate functions for this and separate. Parameters for this just reintroduces parameters for this just reintroduces parameters for this just reintroduces. The problem at the user layer that you the problem at the user layer that you the problem at the user layer that you. Mentioned Lee which is that people mentioned Lee which is that people mentioned Lee which is that people. Forget their memos right so by by forget their memos right so by by forget their memos right so by by. Separating it out you're just separating it out you're just separating it out you're just. Reintroducing that possible confusion um reintroducing that possible confusion um. Reintroducing that possible confusion um it seems to me that if we want it seems to me that if we want. It seems to me that if we want first class support first class support first class support. For uh custodial wallets which is like for uh custodial wallets which is like for uh custodial wallets which is like. The main user of M addresses then you the main user of M addresses then you the main user of M addresses then you. Would want first class support and would want first class support and would want first class support and. Transfers right and you would want that transfers right and you would want that transfers right and you would want that. To also be present in uh custom tokens to also be present in uh custom tokens to also be present in uh custom tokens. If if a token doesn't support M if if a token doesn't support M if if a token doesn't support M. Addresses right then you can't use it in addresses right then you can't use it in. Addresses right then you can't use it in the exchanges uh which you know might be. The exchanges uh which you know might be the exchanges uh which you know might be. Fine and might be a decision that the fine and might be a decision that the fine and might be a decision that the. Token makes but I feel like we would token makes but I feel like we would token makes but I feel like we would. Want to encourage that rather than make want to encourage that rather than make want to encourage that rather than make. It this very um it this very um it this very um distinct opt in thing that you have to. Distinct opt in thing that you have to distinct opt in thing that you have to have a separate function to. Handle you mentioned that people will handle you mentioned that people will forget the memo but if an exchange is. Forget the memo but if an exchange is forget the memo but if an exchange is still displaying in M address and the. Still displaying in M address and the still displaying in M address and the wallet is receiving that M address I. Wallet is receiving that M address I wallet is receiving that M address I mean if the wallet doesn't know what to. Mean if the wallet doesn't know what to mean if the wallet doesn't know what to do with an M address it's going to. Do with an M address it's going to do with an M address it's going to failed there's going to be some sort of. Failed there's going to be some sort of failed there's going to be some sort of error but if a wet knows what to do with. Error but if a wet knows what to do with error but if a wet knows what to do with. An M address it's going to unpack an M address it's going to unpack an M address it's going to unpack. It um so I'm I'm I'm trying to figure it um so I'm I'm I'm trying to figure it um so I'm I'm I'm trying to figure. Out where is the use where is the out where is the use where is the out where is the use where is the. Forgetting the memo paste coming forgetting the memo paste coming forgetting the memo paste coming. In you're suggesting we would continue in you're suggesting we would continue in you're suggesting we would continue. To use the M string key but not actually to use the M string key but not actually. To use the M string key but not actually propagate that at anything but the UI propagate that at anything but the UI. Propagate that at anything but the UI layer layer layer correct that's the layer that's like the. Correct that's the layer that's like the correct that's the layer that's like the. Input into creating a transaction that's input into creating a transaction that's. Input into creating a transaction that's the layer where this the M address came the layer where this the M address came. The layer where this the M address came about to solve the problem I see and so the application. Problem I see and so the application developer would be responsible for developer would be responsible for. Developer would be responsible for dissecting the M address rather than dissecting the M address rather than. Dissecting the M address rather than just passing it just passing it just passing it. Along along along yep now that's that's not without a cost yep now that's that's not without a cost. Yep now that's that's not without a cost I I I acknowledge but I think the cost like. Acknowledge but I think the cost like acknowledge but I think the cost like this is we're discussing. Tradeoffs yeah and the cost in the tradeoffs yeah and the cost in the solution I'm proposing is just using uh. Solution I'm proposing is just using uh solution I'm proposing is just using uh new version of spring key library. New version of spring key library new version of spring key library because again it just Maps into address. Because again it just Maps into address because again it just Maps into address um but arguably things are a bit more. Um but arguably things are a bit more um but arguably things are a bit more complex on the con side which yeah yeah. Complex on the con side which yeah yeah complex on the con side which yeah yeah I'm not sure if it's necessarily. I'm not sure if it's necessarily I'm not sure if it's necessarily significantly more complex could you. Significantly more complex could you significantly more complex could you elaborate on what you mean by an M. Elaborate on what you mean by an M elaborate on what you mean by an M address maps to C. Address maps to C address maps to C address uh SC address sorry SC so so address uh SC address sorry SC so so. Address uh SC address sorry SC so so basically when basically when basically when. Because like what I'm proposing like I because like what I'm proposing like I because like what I'm proposing like I. Want V to just wait do what they are want V to just wait do what they are want V to just wait do what they are. Likely doing now right um it would paste likely doing now right um it would paste. Likely doing now right um it would paste the destination as a string key and you the destination as a string key and you. The destination as a string key and you can just take this string key uh convert can just take this string key uh convert. Can just take this string key uh convert it into address SC well pass it to the it into address SC well pass it to the. It into address SC well pass it to the co um and this is like like this is what co um and this is like like this is what. Co um and this is like like this is what you have to do now to support sound you have to do now to support sound. You have to do now to support sound transfers right and the only you will transfers right and the only you will. Transfers right and the only you will need to do to support Max transfers as need to do to support Max transfers as. Need to do to support Max transfers as well updates the libraries um things well updates the libraries um things. Well updates the libraries um things will magically work um it is a lot less will magically work um it is a lot less. Will magically work um it is a lot less work and a l a lot less chances of just work and a l a lot less chances of just. Work and a l a lot less chances of just doing something doing something doing something. Weird yeah what um what typically weird yeah what um what typically weird yeah what um what typically. Happens in I think most sdks uh George happens in I think most sdks uh George happens in I think most sdks uh George. You can probably correct me if I'm wrong you can probably correct me if I'm wrong. You can probably correct me if I'm wrong about this or if it's not most but I about this or if it's not most but I. About this or if it's not most but I think what most stks do is you give them think what most stks do is you give them. Think what most stks do is you give them a string so you give them the M address a string so you give them the M address. A string so you give them the M address or the G address and then the SDK is the or the G address and then the SDK is the. Or the G address and then the SDK is the one that builds the MOX account on the one that builds the MOX account on the. One that builds the MOX account on the classic side um yeah whatever the xdr classic side um yeah whatever the xdr. Classic side um yeah whatever the xdr types are so most applications don't types are so most applications don't. Types are so most applications don't build the xdr types themselves but right build the xdr types themselves but right. Build the xdr types themselves but right that's the point right but say that's the point right but say. That's the point right but say like do we make contract codes with just like do we make contract codes with just. Like do we make contract codes with just like strings and even Z like you still like strings and even Z like you still. Like strings and even Z like you still know need to know which contract code to know need to know which contract code to. Know need to know which contract code to make right because your safe default make right because your safe default. Make right because your safe default should probably be should probably be should probably be. Transfer um but then or maybe the saet transfer um but then or maybe the saet transfer um but then or maybe the saet. Default should be transferred with memo default should be transferred with memo default should be transferred with memo. But that's not always going to but that's not always going to but that's not always going to. Succeed um so there is definitely some L succeed um so there is definitely some L. Succeed um so there is definitely some L of projects that needs to happen even of projects that needs to happen even. Of projects that needs to happen even like ticated build calls just from the like ticated build calls just from the. Like ticated build calls just from the strings um but I'm not even sure if strings um but I'm not even sure if. Strings um but I'm not even sure if that's the case right because conversion that's the case right because conversion. That's the case right because conversion and building actual call is different and building actual call is different. And building actual call is different and here like we are mixing the and here like we are mixing the. And here like we are mixing the conversion and building the call because conversion and building the call because. Conversion and building the call because currently again for each and every currently again for each and every. Currently again for each and every contract call um the conversion is one contract call um the conversion is one. Contract call um the conversion is one to one you have like two string keys and to one you have like two string keys and. To one you have like two string keys and an amount and this is argument to the an amount and this is argument to the. An amount and this is argument to the transfer and here is say well here is transfer and here is say well here is. Transfer and here is say well here is like three two string keys and amount like three two string keys and amount. Like three two string keys and amount but you need to M this to four arguments but you need to M this to four arguments. But you need to M this to four arguments and sure which where it should happen um. And sure which where it should happen um and sure which where it should happen um. This is like how capsulated in it decay this is like how capsulated in it decay this is like how capsulated in it decay. Or V care about it or whatever client so or V care about it or whatever client so. Or V care about it or whatever client so I don't I don't I don't know maybe there is some good Solutions. Know maybe there is some good Solutions know maybe there is some good Solutions there but but I feel like it's kind of. There but but I feel like it's kind of there but but I feel like it's kind of hacky and error prone. Hacky and error prone hacky and error prone um and then again as I pointed in the. Um and then again as I pointed in the um and then again as I pointed in the discussion like BL explorers May. Discussion like BL explorers May discussion like BL explorers May displays is differently as well so if. Displays is differently as well so if displays is differently as well so if you were to check your transactions. You were to check your transactions you were to check your transactions there you would be. There you would be there you would be confused confused confused yeah so I think we're I think like where. Yeah so I think we're I think like where yeah so I think we're I think like where. These different ideas were optimizing these different ideas were optimizing these different ideas were optimizing. For different things so I think for different things so I think for different things so I think. Um the proposal for um transfer with um the proposal for um transfer with um the proposal for um transfer with. Memo is like very simple to add to the memo is like very simple to add to the memo is like very simple to add to the. SDK and the experience or the knowledge SDK and the experience or the knowledge SDK and the experience or the knowledge. About what you or what you need to know about what you or what you need to know about what you or what you need to know. About that extension of a token is about that extension of a token is about that extension of a token is. Really isolated um and so I think like really isolated um and so I think like really isolated um and so I think like. There are benefits there are benefits there are benefits to uh developer onboarding for contract. To uh developer onboarding for contract to uh developer onboarding for contract development in the Stellar e system. Development in the Stellar e system development in the Stellar e system because of that and then I think the the. Because of that and then I think the the because of that and then I think the the. Idea um that you're presenting is idea um that you're presenting is idea um that you're presenting is. Optimizing for there being one interface optimizing for there being one interface. Optimizing for there being one interface a single interface um people need to a single interface um people need to. A single interface um people need to learn with so people need to know about learn with so people need to know about. Learn with so people need to know about this stuff so there's more for them to this stuff so there's more for them to. This stuff so there's more for them to maybe know up front as a contract maybe know up front as a contract. Maybe know up front as a contract developer but once they know that developer but once they know that. Developer but once they know that information it's a single information it's a single. Information it's a single interface uh and then an added benefit interface uh and then an added benefit. Interface uh and then an added benefit of this is that in things like stks or of this is that in things like stks or. Of this is that in things like stks or at that client level you do still get at that client level you do still get. At that client level you do still get like that single view of the M address like that single view of the M address. Like that single view of the M address whereas with the First with the the whereas with the First with the the. Whereas with the First with the the first proposal we don't you don't get first proposal we don't you don't get. First proposal we don't you don't get like the single view because clients like the single view because clients. Like the single view because clients need to unpack things so I think like need to unpack things so I think like. Need to unpack things so I think like these two different approaches are these two different approaches are. These two different approaches are optimizing for different things trading optimizing for different things trading. Optimizing for different things trading off different things um I off different things um I. Off different things um I think uh something that you mentioned think uh something that you mentioned. Think uh something that you mentioned before deer is like we don't we haven't before deer is like we don't we haven't. Before deer is like we don't we haven't really figured out exactly what the SDK really figured out exactly what the SDK. Really figured out exactly what the SDK would look like and what the experience would look like and what the experience. Would look like and what the experience would be there maybe we need um you know would be there maybe we need um you know. Would be there maybe we need um you know assuming that we have all the time in assuming that we have all the time in. Assuming that we have all the time in the world Maybe we need to actually do a the world Maybe we need to actually do a. The world Maybe we need to actually do a spike there spike there spike there to make sure that we don't have any. To make sure that we don't have any to make sure that we don't have any unknowns and that we have a Clear Vision. Unknowns and that we have a Clear Vision unknowns and that we have a Clear Vision. For like what the contract developer for like what the contract developer for like what the contract developer. Experience is going to be yeah sure I agree that uh prototype be yeah sure I agree that uh prototype. Wouldn't hurt um because yeah I want to wouldn't hurt um because yeah I want to wouldn't hurt um because yeah I want to. Make make make sure this makes sense aswi I think um maybe we could discuss the I think um maybe we could discuss the. Event portion of this so like I event portion of this so like I event portion of this so like I. I uh earlier I listed out like there I uh earlier I listed out like there I uh earlier I listed out like there. Were like four micro decisions we sort were like four micro decisions we sort were like four micro decisions we sort. Of need to make within these decisions of need to make within these decisions of need to make within these decisions. And one of those decisions or two of and one of those decisions or two of and one of those decisions or two of. Those decisions is around the event so I those decisions is around the event so I. Those decisions is around the event so I think we've talked quite a lot about think we've talked quite a lot about. Think we've talked quite a lot about like the input the trans the transfer like the input the trans the transfer. Like the input the trans the transfer function versus the transfer M function function versus the transfer M function. Function versus the transfer M function and then you know should it be G memo and then you know should it be G memo. And then you know should it be G memo and M on the inputs for the outputs um I and M on the inputs for the outputs um I. And M on the inputs for the outputs um I don't think I saw in your proposal that don't think I saw in your proposal that. Don't think I saw in your proposal that they would be an M address so so is are they would be an M address so so is are. They would be an M address so so is are both proposals consistent that whatever both proposals consistent that whatever. Both proposals consistent that whatever the event is it would both the event the event is it would both the event. The event is it would both the event would contain a g and then a separate would contain a g and then a separate. Would contain a g and then a separate memo yeah say don't have a strong memo yeah say don't have a strong. Memo yeah say don't have a strong opinion we have options um and the opinion we have options um and the. Opinion we have options um and the tradeoffs are are like much less clear tradeoffs are are like much less clear. Tradeoffs are are like much less clear to me because well um we could easily to me because well um we could easily. To me because well um we could easily put M addresses right there in the event put M addresses right there in the event. Put M addresses right there in the event and look the same but the concern is and look the same but the concern is. And look the same but the concern is that it will confuse consumers that that it will confuse consumers that. That it will confuse consumers that don't care about htic rate don't care about htic rate. Don't care about htic rate um which is why we could do either um which is why we could do either. Um which is why we could do either separate field that is protocal defined separate field that is protocal defined. Separate field that is protocal defined for this MOS um which has again a down for this MOS um which has again a down. For this MOS um which has again a down set of B it's a protocal change and also set of B it's a protocal change and also. Set of B it's a protocal change and also it adds with four bites to the all the it adds with four bites to the all the. It adds with four bites to the all the events events events just kind of bad um but of course you. Just kind of bad um but of course you just kind of bad um but of course you can just do whatever you would do with. Can just do whatever you would do with can just do whatever you would do with transfer this memo um by just you know. Transfer this memo um by just you know transfer this memo um by just you know providing ways of um getting the mar. Providing ways of um getting the mar providing ways of um getting the mar from and and then you can do basically. From and and then you can do basically from and and then you can do basically anything you want to structure and I. Anything you want to structure and I anything you want to structure and I think U you know there is no difference. Think U you know there is no difference think U you know there is no difference between transfer this memo and my. Between transfer this memo and my between transfer this memo and my proposal the scenar we if the all. Proposal the scenar we if the all proposal the scenar we if the all resarch to split Max address into two. Resarch to split Max address into two resarch to split Max address into two parts um then they very can cze whatever. Parts um then they very can cze whatever parts um then they very can cze whatever. Events we think are the best trade of events we think are the best trade of events we think are the best trade of. Yeah the only distinctive thing about my yeah the only distinctive thing about my. Yeah the only distinctive thing about my proposal that we had this yet another proposal that we had this yet another. Proposal that we had this yet another option of having M thiz as a parallel option of having M thiz as a parallel. Option of having M thiz as a parallel field to uh topics and data um but other field to uh topics and data um but other. Field to uh topics and data um but other than that I don't have to strong opinion. Than that I don't have to strong opinion than that I don't have to strong opinion. On what the event should look like yeah to's not here today but I did run yeah to's not here today but I did run. This by him yesterday like what u based this by him yesterday like what u based this by him yesterday like what u based. Off what he knows from a product off what he knows from a product off what he knows from a product. Perspective um would it make more sense perspective um would it make more sense perspective um would it make more sense. For exchangers to you know filter on or for exchangers to you know filter on or for exchangers to you know filter on or. Exchangers or anchors to filter on that exchangers or anchors to filter on that exchangers or anchors to filter on that. M versus a jress his opinion was a Gess m versus a jress his opinion was a Gess m versus a jress his opinion was a Gess. I think we haven't I don't think we have I think we haven't I don't think we have. I think we haven't I don't think we have like like like a survey of how people typically filter. A survey of how people typically filter a survey of how people typically filter but existing exchanges would be. But existing exchanges would be but existing exchanges would be um given that historically there were. Um given that historically there were um given that historically there were just a separate G and a memo are. Just a separate G and a memo are just a separate G and a memo are probably filtering on G. Probably filtering on G probably filtering on G address oh yeah totally I kind of like. Address oh yeah totally I kind of like address oh yeah totally I kind of like we know status quo that most exchanges. We know status quo that most exchanges we know status quo that most exchanges use G+ memo um MH but they also don't. Use G+ memo um MH but they also don't use G+ memo um MH but they also don't use the events which is what we're. Use the events which is what we're use the events which is what we're discussing here. Discussing here discussing here so there may be honestly an opportunity so there may be honestly an opportunity. So there may be honestly an opportunity here like to kind here like to kind here like to kind. Of if people need to migrate anyway you of if people need to migrate anyway you of if people need to migrate anyway you. Can kind of try to promote well can kind of try to promote well can kind of try to promote well. Something maybe a bit but I think for something maybe a bit but I think for something maybe a bit but I think for. Non- exchangers memos maybe kind of know non- exchangers memos maybe kind of know. Non- exchangers memos maybe kind of know to deal this so right but exchanges to deal this so right but exchanges. To deal this so right but exchanges would be using would be using would be using Horizon um and Horizon typically. Horizon um and Horizon typically Horizon um and Horizon typically uhit uh imits in air quotes um Things. Uhit uh imits in air quotes um Things uhit uh imits in air quotes um Things based on account so. Based on account so based on account so um I think that's where like the the um I think that's where like the the. Um I think that's where like the the idea that okay like exchangers they idea that okay like exchangers they. Idea that okay like exchangers they currently collect these events affects currently collect these events affects. Currently collect these events affects payments VI account so we should payments VI account so we should. Payments VI account so we should probably just keep doing the same thing probably just keep doing the same thing. Probably just keep doing the same thing in a mid Advance buy account um which I in a mid Advance buy account um which I. In a mid Advance buy account um which I think makes sense because like these think makes sense because like these. Think makes sense because like these topics are intended to be things that topics are intended to be things that. Topics are intended to be things that you could filter on and so if I'm if I'm you could filter on and so if I'm if I'm. You could filter on and so if I'm if I'm running a system that's catering for n running a system that's catering for n. Running a system that's catering for n number of events coming in to one g number of events coming in to one g. Number of events coming in to one g but you know across like all those but you know across like all those. But you know across like all those n um uh number n um uh number n um uh number of moed IDs like it from a scaling. Of moed IDs like it from a scaling of moed IDs like it from a scaling perspective it's difficult how would you. Perspective it's difficult how would you perspective it's difficult how would you. Use an RPC to filter on all of those use an RPC to filter on all of those use an RPC to filter on all of those. Things you wouldn't you'd be just You' things you wouldn't you'd be just You' things you wouldn't you'd be just You'. Just have your system ingesting just have your system ingesting just have your system ingesting. Everything relating to the geod and then everything relating to the geod and then. Everything relating to the geod and then splitting them out oh I see Nico he's out oh I see Nico he's. On yes so uh yeah I guess you guys were on yes so uh yeah I guess you guys were on yes so uh yeah I guess you guys were. Talking yeah there's the you know number talking yeah there's the you know number. Talking yeah there's the you know number two right that is the do you want to two right that is the do you want to. Two right that is the do you want to expose the G Plus memo or the m in the expose the G Plus memo or the m in the. Expose the G Plus memo or the m in the um in the output right as an as an event um in the output right as an as an event. Um in the output right as an as an event I think maybe we should maybe talk first. I think maybe we should maybe talk first I think maybe we should maybe talk first. About number about number about number four uh in your list right that is is it four uh in your list right that is is it. Four uh in your list right that is is it a single transer event or is it multiple. A single transer event or is it multiple a single transer event or is it multiple. Events because I think you know like events because I think you know like events because I think you know like. They are like um implications uh in this they are like um implications uh in this. They are like um implications uh in this context like the the way I'm thinking context like the the way I'm thinking. Context like the the way I'm thinking about this is that the tradeoff is that about this is that the tradeoff is that. About this is that the tradeoff is that um so if we have separate events the um so if we have separate events the. Um so if we have separate events the nice thing about it is that we keep the nice thing about it is that we keep the. Nice thing about it is that we keep the transfer events for the uh standard transfer events for the uh standard. Transfer events for the uh standard token contract as a you know fairly token contract as a you know fairly. Token contract as a you know fairly clean like it's the same thing we don't clean like it's the same thing we don't. Clean like it's the same thing we don't you know mess with it you know mess with it. You know mess with it um the problem with that approach where um the problem with that approach where. Um the problem with that approach where you have two events is that you need to you have two events is that you need to. You have two events is that you need to do some sort of um do some sort of um do some sort of um. Reconciliation uh from The Exchange side reconciliation uh from The Exchange side. Reconciliation uh from The Exchange side if people send uh so assuming that like if people send uh so assuming that like. If people send uh so assuming that like the The Exchange requires the The Exchange requires. The The Exchange requires memo but for some reason somebody sends memo but for some reason somebody sends. Memo but for some reason somebody sends money and forgets to specify the money and forgets to specify the. Money and forgets to specify the memo um they actually need to reconcile memo um they actually need to reconcile. Memo um they actually need to reconcile the um those two event streams in some the um those two event streams in some. The um those two event streams in some way basically to find the U the way basically to find the U the. Way basically to find the U the transfers that happened that don't have transfers that happened that don't have. Transfers that happened that don't have uh a you know transfer with memo uh a you know transfer with memo. Uh a you know transfer with memo equivalent um and that sounds a bit equivalent um and that sounds a bit. Equivalent um and that sounds a bit complicated to do I mean it's doable complicated to do I mean it's doable. Complicated to do I mean it's doable it's just like you have to to kind of it's just like you have to to kind of. It's just like you have to to kind of you do this kind of reconciliation on a you do this kind of reconciliation on a. You do this kind of reconciliation on a per transaction per transaction per transaction. Basis basis basis um so yeah so like um I don't know what um so yeah so like um I don't know what. Um so yeah so like um I don't know what you guys think about about this one you guys think about about this one. You guys think about about this one because yeah if if we can get one event because yeah if if we can get one event. Because yeah if if we can get one event that's the the other ation I starting a that's the the other ation I starting a. That's the the other ation I starting a discussion right that was um I think the discussion right that was um I think the. Discussion right that was um I think the the type of problem we um we have in the type of problem we um we have in. The type of problem we um we have in that context that context that context is how does um extensions to a standard. Is how does um extensions to a standard is how does um extensions to a standard on as an event right like how do they. On as an event right like how do they on as an event right like how do they look look. Look like um right now like we're saying like um right now like we're saying like um right now like we're saying. Maybe we keep adding topics to the to maybe we keep adding topics to the to maybe we keep adding topics to the to. The the the event the problem I see with doing that event the problem I see with doing that. Event the problem I see with doing that if we're not uh like super careful on on if we're not uh like super careful on on. If we're not uh like super careful on on on that on that on that is you know as you add more extensions. Is you know as you add more extensions is you know as you add more extensions to like how does that work like you you. To like how does that work like you you to like how does that work like you you know to keep uh you know they are. Know to keep uh you know they are know to keep uh you know they are basically um Index right in the in some. Basically um Index right in the in some basically um Index right in the in some arrays. Arrays arrays so um if you only implementing one of so um if you only implementing one of. So um if you only implementing one of those extension you know extension those extension you know extension. Those extension you know extension number 20 does that mean you have to put number 20 does that mean you have to put. Number 20 does that mean you have to put a bunch of voids you know like in the a bunch of voids you know like in the. A bunch of voids you know like in the you know up to 20 basically um that's you know up to 20 basically um that's. You know up to 20 basically um that's that the type of things that happens in that the type of things that happens in. That the type of things that happens in that World um that World um that World um. And uh yeah who manages the and uh yeah who manages the and uh yeah who manages the. Uh the namespace I mean the name spacing uh the namespace I mean the name spacing. Uh the namespace I mean the name spacing here being you know just a number but um. Here being you know just a number but um here being you know just a number but um. There's a bit of that question that kind there's a bit of that question that kind. There's a bit of that question that kind of uh pops of uh pops of uh pops up in this case it probably makes sense. Up in this case it probably makes sense up in this case it probably makes sense I think you mentioned this it it would. I think you mentioned this it it would I think you mentioned this it it would make sense for the topics to be in the. Make sense for the topics to be in the make sense for the topics to be in the data field uh not the topics and you. Data field uh not the topics and you data field uh not the topics and you would you if you turn the data into a. Would you if you turn the data into a would you if you turn the data into a map then you only look look for what you. Map then you only look look for what you map then you only look look for what you. Care about I age care about I age care about I age extending topics definely the extensions. Extending topics definely the extensions extending topics definely the extensions. Would uh have their own um name of sort would uh have their own um name of sort would uh have their own um name of sort. Like maybe here would say memos or like maybe here would say memos or like maybe here would say memos or. Something and then that's a string and something and then that's a string and something and then that's a string and. Then that's how you can then have a then that's how you can then have a then that's how you can then have a. Custom data attached to it yeah that's the cleanest option Le is it yeah that's the cleanest option Le is. That what you were is that what you were that what you were is that what you were. That what you were is that what you were thinking too uh yeah my point was just thinking too uh yeah my point was just. Thinking too uh yeah my point was just to move them out of the topics in to move them out of the topics in. To move them out of the topics in general I mean I I think in general the general I mean I I think in general the. General I mean I I think in general the memo probably don't belong there like memo probably don't belong there like. Memo probably don't belong there like filtering on the memo IDs is um is filtering on the memo IDs is um is. Filtering on the memo IDs is um is getting a little too granular like we getting a little too granular like we. Getting a little too granular like we these topics are meant to be like things these topics are meant to be like things. These topics are meant to be like things that you could filter on um that you that you could filter on um that you. That you could filter on um that you know most people are going to want to know most people are going to want to. Know most people are going to want to filter on because I I think maybe George filter on because I I think maybe George. Filter on because I I think maybe George you can confirm this like I think the you can confirm this like I think the. You can confirm this like I think the RPC or different systems have to index RPC or different systems have to index. RPC or different systems have to index these topics so like we've already got these topics so like we've already got. These topics so like we've already got four topics like once you start adding four topics like once you start adding. Four topics like once you start adding more topics it's like more topics it's like. More topics it's like PE um yeah yeah I I agree I don't think the um yeah yeah I I agree I don't think the. Memo needs to be a topic but the and for memo needs to be a topic but the and for. Memo needs to be a topic but the and for the the same reasons that you know Nik the the same reasons that you know Nik. The the same reasons that you know Nik is mentioning too like having to add in is mentioning too like having to add in. Is mentioning too like having to add in all these voids like now we got six all these voids like now we got six. All these voids like now we got six topics and then like you get to like 20 topics and then like you get to like 20. Topics and then like you get to like 20 topics eventually when there's even more topics eventually when there's even more. Topics eventually when there's even more extensions this doesn't extensions this doesn't. Extensions this doesn't really um it doesn't create an interface really um it doesn't create an interface. Really um it doesn't create an interface that's intuitive at all I think but I think this is like one of. Think but I think this is like one of the nice things about the separate event the nice things about the separate event. The nice things about the separate event the transfer of memo event is it's it's the transfer of memo event is it's it's. The transfer of memo event is it's it's very very explicit like you know if you very very explicit like you know if you. Very very explicit like you know if you if you want to ingest um if you're if you want to ingest um if you're. If you want to ingest um if you're looking at an operation and there's a looking at an operation and there's a. Looking at an operation and there's a transfer and a transfer of memo and you transfer and a transfer of memo and you. Transfer and a transfer of memo and you care about me if you don't care about care about me if you don't care about. Care about me if you don't care about memos for starters you just don't you memos for starters you just don't you. Memos for starters you just don't you just don't care about that other event just don't care about that other event. Just don't care about that other event um and if you do care about memos then um and if you do care about memos then. Um and if you do care about memos then you can adjust that one instead for that operation but like I like I was saying. Operation but like I like I was saying though Exchange is care about though Exchange is care about. Though Exchange is care about both because they need both because they need both because they need. To to basically ingest those transfer to to basically ingest those transfer to to basically ingest those transfer. With no MOS because that's basically how with no MOS because that's basically how. With no MOS because that's basically how they can uh you know through tech they can uh you know through tech. They can uh you know through tech support or support or support or whatever uh they can return the money to. Whatever uh they can return the money to whatever uh they can return the money to. The the the sender yeah so for them like there is sender yeah so for them like there is. Sender yeah so for them like there is this other issue that's I feel like this this other issue that's I feel like this. This other issue that's I feel like this has come up like so many times um that has come up like so many times um that. Has come up like so many times um that there's this other issue that okay now there's this other issue that okay now. There's this other issue that okay now we have two events so then they have to we have two events so then they have to. We have two events so then they have to figure out not double processing them figure out not double processing them. Figure out not double processing them not double counting them um and I I I not double counting them um and I I I. Not double counting them um and I I I think we shouldn't not do this for that think we shouldn't not do this for that. Think we shouldn't not do this for that reason because we should solve that reason because we should solve that. Reason because we should solve that problem or we should have a story for problem or we should have a story for. Problem or we should have a story for that for that for that for that um for how to solve that problem it. That um for how to solve that problem it that um for how to solve that problem it. Doesn't necessarily have to be solved doesn't necessarily have to be solved doesn't necessarily have to be solved. Today but it's something we should solve whether that be through like I solve whether that be through like I. Think you know we've talked about ideas think you know we've talked about ideas think you know we've talked about ideas. Like an invocation ID so then you just like an invocation ID so then you just like an invocation ID so then you just. Say like okay like this this memo and say like okay like this this memo and say like okay like this this memo and. This other transfer they're in the same this other transfer they're in the same this other transfer they're in the same. Invocations um I don't double count the invocations um I don't double count the invocations um I don't double count the. Other one or something like other one or something like other one or something like. That yeah unfortunately I I feel like that yeah unfortunately I I feel like that yeah unfortunately I I feel like. Invocation w't help here like there was invocation w't help here like there was invocation w't help here like there was. An unrated discussion which is unrated an unrated discussion which is unrated an unrated discussion which is unrated. Now about like what if a now about like what if a now about like what if a token um wants to uh charge s during a. Token um wants to uh charge s during a token um wants to uh charge s during a transfer for example and you'll have an. Transfer for example and you'll have an transfer for example and you'll have an for example to transfer events that are. For example to transfer events that are for example to transfer events that are actually separate transfer events um in. Actually separate transfer events um in actually separate transfer events um in general I feel like if we were to come. General I feel like if we were to come general I feel like if we were to come up with a good event linking mechanism. Up with a good event linking mechanism up with a good event linking mechanism it would be almost exactly the same. It would be almost exactly the same it would be almost exactly the same thing as converting data into map like. Thing as converting data into map like thing as converting data into map like almost because what I think we could do. Almost because what I think we could do almost because what I think we could do is say like for the event we can say. Is say like for the event we can say is say like for the event we can say what is some special link in a and you. What is some special link in a and you what is some special link in a and you know you can think of every event with. Know you can think of every event with know you can think of every event with assembly in caned is a part of the same. Assembly in caned is a part of the same assembly in caned is a part of the same event but at this point honestly like. Event but at this point honestly like event but at this point honestly like why don't just make data. Map because I think that's the only way map because I think that's the only way really to prevent double counter is like. Really to prevent double counter is like really to prevent double counter is like. You have unambiguous way to say like you you have unambiguous way to say like you. You have unambiguous way to say like you know these two events are actually know these two events are actually. Know these two events are actually describing the same things that has describing the same things that has. Describing the same things that has happened um so maybe map is really it's happened um so maybe map is really it's. Happened um so maybe map is really it's right way to go sure so that's what it's um I guess we. Sure so that's what it's um I guess we can maybe discuss it offline we have can maybe discuss it offline we have. Can maybe discuss it offline we have maybe 10 minutes left but the one of the maybe 10 minutes left but the one of the. Maybe 10 minutes left but the one of the questions to answer is do we either use questions to answer is do we either use. Questions to answer is do we either use a new event or make a breaking change to a new event or make a breaking change to. A new event or make a breaking change to the data field and make it a map the data field and make it a map. The data field and make it a map is that right does that sound good I I guess have a question I don't. Good I I guess have a question I don't know how like consumers of those things know how like consumers of those things. Know how like consumers of those things uh you know what they do but like if if uh you know what they do but like if if. Uh you know what they do but like if if it was an extra field at the it was an extra field at the. It was an extra field at the end of the event that is end of the event that is end of the event that is. Added would that really uh added would that really uh added would that really uh like like be a much of a breaking in. Like like be a much of a breaking in like like be a much of a breaking in change basically like uh like people are. Change basically like uh like people are change basically like uh like people are. Just using the index zero whatever like just using the index zero whatever like just using the index zero whatever like. You know you know you know the I mean it's already an array right the I mean it's already an array right. The I mean it's already an array right so like at theend you talk about the so like at theend you talk about the. So like at theend you talk about the topic or the data data the data isn't an topic or the data data the data isn't an. Topic or the data data the data isn't an array right now it's a an array right now it's a an. Array right now it's a an integer that's the breaking change like integer that's the breaking change like. Integer that's the breaking change like making yeah that's a pretty big breaking making yeah that's a pretty big breaking. Making yeah that's a pretty big breaking change yeah I thought it was like we had. Change yeah I thought it was like we had change yeah I thought it was like we had. A vector a vector a vector already originally it was a map and then already originally it was a map and then. Already originally it was a map and then I think it got changed to a vector and I think it got changed to a vector and. I think it got changed to a vector and then I think got changed to an um okay so yeah we have that question to. Um okay so yeah we have that question to answer uh and for the uh answer uh and for the uh. Answer uh and for the uh the transer memo prop like function the transer memo prop like function. The transer memo prop like function versus Deus proposal I think the yeah versus Deus proposal I think the yeah. Versus Deus proposal I think the yeah that what we want to do is prototype that what we want to do is prototype. That what we want to do is prototype what that looks like in the SDK to see what that looks like in the SDK to see. What that looks like in the SDK to see what it looks like so that that's the what it looks like so that that's the. What it looks like so that that's the I'm guessing I think that's the status I'm guessing I think that's the status. I'm guessing I think that's the status of that question that is number uh three of that question that is number uh three. Of that question that is number uh three right go ahead that's that's a right go ahead that's that's a. Right go ahead that's that's a suggestion yeah I mean that that's I suggestion yeah I mean that that's I. Suggestion yeah I mean that that's I think it's a good idea my suggestion is think it's a good idea my suggestion is. Think it's a good idea my suggestion is if we're if we're leaning towards that if we're if we're leaning towards that. If we're if we're leaning towards that approach we absolutely should spike out approach we absolutely should spike out. Approach we absolutely should spike out what the develop contract developer what the develop contract developer. What the develop contract developer experiences um because I I don't think experiences um because I I don't think. Experiences um because I I don't think for something that I suspect will be as for something that I suspect will be as. For something that I suspect will be as intrusive to the developer experience on intrusive to the developer experience on. Intrusive to the developer experience on the contract developer side I don't the contract developer side I don't. The contract developer side I don't think we should trade that off for the think we should trade that off for the. Think we should trade that off for the benefit of clients not having to unpack benefit of clients not having to unpack. Benefit of clients not having to unpack an M address because I think both of an M address because I think both of. An M address because I think both of these things obviously have a cost these things obviously have a cost. These things obviously have a cost there's a cost saying to wallet clients there's a cost saying to wallet clients. There's a cost saying to wallet clients you have to unpack an M address to put you have to unpack an M address to put. You have to unpack an M address to put it into the to the SDK it into the to the SDK. It into the to the SDK um but um but um but that's yeah I think I would prefer that. That's yeah I think I would prefer that that's yeah I think I would prefer that cost. Cost cost over over over um MX addresses and and Mos sort of um MX addresses and and Mos sort of. Um MX addresses and and Mos sort of intrusive intrusively entering every to implementation but this is why to SP it. Implementation but this is why to SP it I think just you know to see how bad I think just you know to see how bad. I think just you know to see how bad that that that is and to see what surprises there are I. Is and to see what surprises there are I is and to see what surprises there are I. Think you know one thing that came up in think you know one thing that came up in. Think you know one thing that came up in the the chat um was in the past we've the the chat um was in the past we've. The the chat um was in the past we've been concerned about um M addresses been concerned about um M addresses. Been concerned about um M addresses accidentally being having balances stor accidentally being having balances stor. Accidentally being having balances stor against them um and that's one reason against them um and that's one reason. Against them um and that's one reason why we wouldn't want to add the M why we wouldn't want to add the M. Why we wouldn't want to add the M address to the main address type um it address to the main address type um it. Address to the main address type um it it just be so easy for a developer just it just be so easy for a developer just. It just be so easy for a developer just to store balances against the M but then to store balances against the M but then. To store balances against the M but then that then that that's not accessible to that then that that's not accessible to. That then that that's not accessible to to use by the G by the G address to use by the G by the G address. To use by the G by the G address requiring or or something okay um the uh I noticed that even with this. Uh I noticed that even with this proposal that problem could still occur proposal that problem could still occur. Proposal that problem could still occur if I'm understanding correctly like this if I'm understanding correctly like this. If I'm understanding correctly like this m address will be convertible with Val m address will be convertible with Val. M address will be convertible with Val so that it can be used as an so that it can be used as an. So that it can be used as an input um and so in theory you'd be able input um and so in theory you'd be able. Input um and so in theory you'd be able to store it as well oh I mean same can to store it as well oh I mean same can. To store it as well oh I mean same can be said about transfer like you can do be said about transfer like you can do. Be said about transfer like you can do whatever sorts of stupid things in your whatever sorts of stupid things in your. Whatever sorts of stupid things in your contract like nothing PR you from contract like nothing PR you from. Contract like nothing PR you from storing some inders in storage for no storing some inders in storage for no. Storing some inders in storage for no reason yeah but there's like if reason yeah but there's like if. Reason yeah but there's like if something's going to become a thing that something's going to become a thing that. Something's going to become a thing that people shouldn't do we shouldn't set people shouldn't do we shouldn't set. People shouldn't do we shouldn't set them up to fail but but also yeah that's them up to fail but but also yeah that's. Them up to fail but but also yeah that's what I wanted to say like if you're what I wanted to say like if you're. What I wanted to say like if you're concerned about this like you can concerned about this like you can. Concerned about this like you can just make it impossible to make this just make it impossible to make this. Just make it impossible to make this keep um prevent people doing themselves keep um prevent people doing themselves. Keep um prevent people doing themselves you know you know you know um I'm not sure we can I'm I'm not sure. Um I'm not sure we can I'm I'm not sure um I'm not sure we can I'm I'm not sure we can with the existing um the way the. We can with the existing um the way the we can with the existing um the way the rust type system is so I mean obviously. Rust type system is so I mean obviously rust type system is so I mean obviously we can do anything we want if. We can do anything we want if we can do anything we want if we Val implementation no no we can we. We Val implementation no no we can we we Val implementation no no we can we can do this as the host level yeah I'm. Can do this as the host level yeah I'm can do this as the host level yeah I'm not saying it's SDK level can just make. Not saying it's SDK level can just make not saying it's SDK level can just make it. It it fail but these types are just a these fail but these types are just a these. Fail but these types are just a these types are just a contract type right is types are just a contract type right is. Types are just a contract type right is is MX address cont it is it is a c Val is MX address cont it is it is a c Val. Is MX address cont it is it is a c Val like we can say like if your leer key SC like we can say like if your leer key SC. Like we can say like if your leer key SC contains a maxed address contains a maxed address. Contains a maxed address you just will not trate you just will not trate you just will not trate. It right totally totally it right totally totally it right totally totally do we could do that if it's anywhere in. Do we could do that if it's anywhere in do we could do that if it's anywhere in the anywhere like if it's inside a VC or. The anywhere like if it's inside a VC or the anywhere like if it's inside a VC or. If it's if it's if it's inside um like a nested type or inside um like a nested type or. Inside um like a nested type or something like that is that what I'm something like that is that what I'm. Something like that is that what I'm saying yeah yes we we have similar saying yeah yes we we have similar. Saying yeah yes we we have similar checks to what like we make sure that checks to what like we make sure that. Checks to what like we make sure that you you know cannot you you know cannot you you know cannot. Create AAL or C out of non-representable create AAL or C out of non-representable. Create AAL or C out of non-representable types and stuff like this so defin have types and stuff like this so defin have. Types and stuff like this so defin have validations like that not in the St validations like that not in the St. Validations like that not in the St specifically but uh you know they pretty specifically but uh you know they pretty. Specifically but uh you know they pretty flexible in host in terms of like um flexible in host in terms of like um. Flexible in host in terms of like um restriction types so really I was restriction types so really I was. Restriction types so really I was thinking about this as well like if thinking about this as well like if. Thinking about this as well like if you're concerned which is a valid you're concerned which is a valid. You're concerned which is a valid concern like you know to not shoot concern like you know to not shoot. Concern like you know to not shoot yourself in a EG like you still will be yourself in a EG like you still will be. Yourself in a EG like you still will be able to probably extract an integer and able to probably extract an integer and. Able to probably extract an integer and if you really want to you will be able if you really want to you will be able. If you really want to you will be able to store like this for for some reason to store like this for for some reason. To store like this for for some reason but the same can be said about transfer but the same can be said about transfer. But the same can be said about transfer Le you need to be very intentional about Le you need to be very intentional about. Le you need to be very intentional about doing something bad and we can prevent doing something bad and we can prevent. Doing something bad and we can prevent the most obvious mistake which is we the most obvious mistake which is we. The most obvious mistake which is we just write in Mar address um window just write in Mar address um window. Just write in Mar address um window storage um this is preventable okay preventable okay. So we uh that that's question number uh so we uh that that's question number uh so we uh that that's question number uh. That's that was the decision number that's that was the decision number that's that was the decision number. Three we still have to figure that out three we still have to figure that out three we still have to figure that out. Like a lot of complexity it feels like like a lot of complexity it feels like like a lot of complexity it feels like. We're discussing a lot of complexity we're discussing a lot of complexity we're discussing a lot of complexity. Just yeah just yeah just yeah yeah just to improve that one little yeah just to improve that one little. Yeah just to improve that one little thing at the thing at the thing at the CL okay then for decision two I think we. CL okay then for decision two I think we CL okay then for decision two I think we. Agreed that we should that the output agreed that we should that the output agreed that we should that the output. Should have the event should have G Plus should have the event should have G Plus. Should have the event should have G Plus memo right instead of just the memo right instead of just the. Memo right instead of just the mend mend mend uh and I guess one is tied to three. Uh and I guess one is tied to three uh and I guess one is tied to three right like the G Plus versus M for. Right like the G Plus versus M for right like the G Plus versus M for input um so I guess that's something we. Input um so I guess that's something we input um so I guess that's something we still need. Still need still need to we still need to answer it are there to we still need to answer it are there. To we still need to answer it are there any we're running out of time are there any we're running out of time are there. Any we're running out of time are there any other open any other open any other open. Questions sounds like we still have uh questions sounds like we still have uh questions sounds like we still have uh. Some stuff to discuss yes I guess the question on the yeah yes I guess the question on the yeah. Single event or not right that's number single event or not right that's number single event or not right that's number. Four by going back to this right like four by going back to this right like four by going back to this right like. This one is this one is this one is um it could be a I mean it's a breaking um it could be a I mean it's a breaking. Um it could be a I mean it's a breaking change potentially right if it's a change potentially right if it's a. Change potentially right if it's a um um um for um like the downstream uh you know. For um like the downstream uh you know for um like the downstream uh you know like. Like like like systems right that are like systems right that are like systems right that are. Ingesting um I don't necessarily think ingesting um I don't necessarily think ingesting um I don't necessarily think. That it's that it's that it's U like as a breaking change like that U like as a breaking change like that. U like as a breaking change like that it's not necessarily like insurmountable it's not necessarily like insurmountable. It's not necessarily like insurmountable right like it's a basically it's like right like it's a basically it's like. Right like it's a basically it's like kind of like the type of thing you do in kind of like the type of thing you do in. Kind of like the type of thing you do in you know in in many situations we can you know in in many situations we can. You know in in many situations we can allow like we have to allow in the token allow like we have to allow in the token. Allow like we have to allow in the token standard that it's either standard that it's either. Standard that it's either a uh single a uh single a uh single amount or a uh amount or a uh. Amount or a uh or or some or something something else or or some or something something else. Or or some or something something else right and then you have to dynamically right and then you have to dynamically. Right and then you have to dynamically Downstream then U do something different Downstream then U do something different. Downstream then U do something different based on either the type based on either the type. Based on either the type or or or if it's you know I guess it's or or or if it's you know I guess it's. Or or or if it's you know I guess it's the type yeah that that tries this yeah the type yeah that that tries this yeah. The type yeah that that tries this yeah you're talking about making the data you're talking about making the data. You're talking about making the data field a map right if it was a map or or field a map right if it was a map or or. Field a map right if it was a map or or a vector yeah yeah I yeah um we we've a vector yeah yeah I yeah um we we've. A vector yeah yeah I yeah um we we've discussed this a bit internally there discussed this a bit internally there. Discussed this a bit internally there doesn't seem it is a breaking change but doesn't seem it is a breaking change but. Doesn't seem it is a breaking change but there doesn't seem to be much opposition. There doesn't seem to be much opposition there doesn't seem to be much opposition. To this to this to this um we can bring this back up if if it um we can bring this back up if if it. Um we can bring this back up if if it helps in this case yeah I think I think helps in this case yeah I think I think. Helps in this case yeah I think I think to like the way we would do this if if to like the way we would do this if if. To like the way we would do this if if this memo thing is a separate Set uh and this memo thing is a separate Set uh and. This memo thing is a separate Set uh and an extension we'd make a change to set an extension we'd make a change to set. An extension we'd make a change to set 41 as well as the extension so like SE 41 as well as the extension so like SE. 41 as well as the extension so like SE 40 ideally we'd change set 41 so that uh 40 ideally we'd change set 41 so that uh. 40 ideally we'd change set 41 so that uh it says that the field could be an it says that the field could be an. It says that the field could be an amount or or a map that contains an amount or or a map that contains an. Amount or or a map that contains an amount yeah um so that if folks are amount yeah um so that if folks are. Amount yeah um so that if folks are developing they they're not they don't developing they they're not they don't. Developing they they're not they don't feel like they need to use just the feel like they need to use just the. Feel like they need to use just the amount if the for non-mo transfers yeah mount as an integer fi. Transfers yeah mount as an integer fi definitely has to be a part of the definitely has to be a part of the. Definitely has to be a part of the standard like we cannot decate it standard like we cannot decate it. Standard like we cannot decate it because the historical events have it because the historical events have it. Because the historical events have it already already already yeah would remove it we just say that. Both all right now we're out of time so both all right now we're out of time so this there's are there any other. This there's are there any other this there's are there any other questions or concerns right now um. Questions or concerns right now um questions or concerns right now um continue adding them to the chat and uh. Continue adding them to the chat and uh continue adding them to the chat and uh we can we can address them and we'll. We can we can address them and we'll we can we can address them and we'll continue continue any any open questions. Continue continue any any open questions continue continue any any open questions. In the uh GitHub.
