Everyone and Welcome to our weekly everyone and Welcome to our weekly Soroban design discussion it sounds like. Soroban design discussion it sounds like Soroban design discussion it sounds like. Justin has some AV issues so Justin has some AV issues so Justin has some AV issues so. I think we're gonna get started I think we're gonna get started I think we're gonna get started. Without him today we have two main without him today we have two main without him today we have two main. Topics to discuss there is metadata and topics to discuss there is metadata and topics to discuss there is metadata and. There is changes to the Token interface there is changes to the Token interface there is changes to the Token interface. I think we're just gonna jump right I think we're just gonna jump right I think we're just gonna jump right. Into it with metadata sit are you into it with metadata sit are you into it with metadata sit are you. Gonna take this gonna take this gonna take this yeah oh yeah so yeah oh yeah so yeah oh yeah so. you know broadly metadata is just you know broadly metadata is just you know broadly metadata is just. A static data that can be read by a static data that can be read by a static data that can be read by. Consumers without calling it without consumers without calling it without consumers without calling it without. calling contract function and invoking a calling contract function and invoking a. Calling contract function and invoking a awesome VM awesome VM awesome VM so there are two levels of contract. so there are two levels of contract so there are two levels of contract metadata one is the code metadata. Metadata one is the code metadata metadata one is the code metadata right in sorbine we have this concept of. Right in sorbine we have this concept of right in sorbine we have this concept of. These code entries that have like the these code entries that have like the these code entries that have like the. Contain wasn't and then we have contain wasn't and then we have contain wasn't and then we have. Instances instances instances that are tied to specific contract that are tied to specific contract. that are tied to specific contract IDs and those instances instances IDs and those instances instances . IDs and those instances instances will also have some metadata tied to will also have some metadata tied to. Will also have some metadata tied to them so for contract metadata our plan them so for contract metadata our plan. Them so for contract metadata our plan is to is to is to put them at it into a wasm custom. Put them at it into a wasm custom put them at it into a wasm custom section and just add support in the SDK. Section and just add support in the SDK section and just add support in the SDK to allow for this. To allow for this to allow for this so for example you can you know when so for example you can you know when. so for example you can you know when you build a contract you can the SK can you build a contract you can the SK can. You build a contract you can the SK can put in put in put in like build related information. like build related information like build related information the questions we still need to answer. the questions we still need to answer the questions we still need to answer. Are more around instance metadata so the are more around instance metadata so the. Are more around instance metadata so the easy option is to not add any explicit easy option is to not add any explicit. Easy option is to not add any explicit protocol support instead of instead have protocol support instead of instead have. Protocol support instead of instead have an ecosystem standard on how an ecosystem standard on how. An ecosystem standard on how metadata should be stored in contract metadata should be stored in contract. Metadata should be stored in contract data so you know whoever creates the data so you know whoever creates the. Data so you know whoever creates the contract can follow the standard and contract can follow the standard and. Contract can follow the standard and just put you know a certain information just put you know a certain information. Just put you know a certain information into the Sentry and you users will know into the Sentry and you users will know. Into the Sentry and you users will know where to look just based off of the where to look just based off of the. Where to look just based off of the standard on the SDK we can build tooling standard on the SDK we can build tooling. Standard on the SDK we can build tooling around in the SDK to allow for this around in the SDK to allow for this. Around in the SDK to allow for this there's the one question here is there's the one question here is. there's the one question here is how would paying rent on this entry look how would paying rent on this entry look. How would paying rent on this entry look because this entry is not expected to be. Because this entry is not expected to be because this entry is not expected to be. Accessed on chain so accessed on chain so accessed on chain so if that if you know for no access is. If that if you know for no access is if that if you know for no access is Unchained then it would be very easy for. Unchained then it would be very easy for Unchained then it would be very easy for. It to expire it to expire it to expire so so so you know one solution to this is we can. You know one solution to this is we can you know one solution to this is we can provide a mechanism to tie the contract. Provide a mechanism to tie the contract provide a mechanism to tie the contract instance to any contract data keys that. Instance to any contract data keys that instance to any contract data keys that the contract developer wants so whenever. The contract developer wants so whenever the contract developer wants so whenever. You pay rent for the instance it you pay rent for the instance it you pay rent for the instance it. Would also pay rent for those keys that would also pay rent for those keys that would also pay rent for those keys that. Are attached to it are attached to it are attached to it that's one option and then another. that's one option and then another that's one option and then another option for instance metadata is to. Option for instance metadata is to option for instance metadata is to include an explicit metadata field in. Include an explicit metadata field in include an explicit metadata field in the contract instance. The contract instance the contract instance and the the contract developer can. and the the contract developer can and the the contract developer can. Write into that this is still only write into that this is still only write into that this is still only. Standardizes how like where metadata is standardizes how like where metadata is standardizes how like where metadata is. Stored not how it actually looks like in stored not how it actually looks like in. Stored not how it actually looks like in the protocol the protocol the protocol but this would also if we do this we. but this would also if we do this we but this would also if we do this we can also . Can also can also allow contracts to access metadata for allow contracts to access metadata for. Allow contracts to access metadata for other contracts without calling it to a other contracts without calling it to a. Other contracts without calling it to a awesome VM like we could we could expose awesome VM like we could we could expose. Awesome VM like we could we could expose that that information that that information. That that information because right now contracts are because right now contracts are. because right now contracts are not allowed to look at and look at data not allowed to look at and look at data. Not allowed to look at and look at data from other contracts without calling from other contracts without calling. From other contracts without calling into a wazen VM like you have to go into a wazen VM like you have to go. Into a wazen VM like you have to go through or contract function so you have through or contract function so you have. Through or contract function so you have to go through the interface of the to go through the interface of the. To go through the interface of the contract we could instead allow contract we could instead allow. Contract we could instead allow contracts just load directly the contracts just load directly the. Contracts just load directly the metadata field from another contract metadata field from another contract. Metadata field from another contract instance allowing you to you know look instance allowing you to you know look. Instance allowing you to you know look at you know information like for their at you know information like for their. At you know information like for their example in the token you can look at the example in the token you can look at the. Example in the token you can look at the decimals or the token name if you want decimals or the token name if you want. Decimals or the token name if you want to without to without to without calling a contract function. so yeah that's that's like the that's so yeah that's that's like the that's. The one thing where we're still thinking the one thing where we're still thinking. The one thing where we're still thinking about for metadata but I think that's about for metadata but I think that's. About for metadata but I think that's that once we figure that out we should that once we figure that out we should. That once we figure that out we should we should be able to we should be able to we should be able to. Move forward on this move forward on this move forward on this any questions any questions. Any questions what are some examples of scenarios in what are some examples of scenarios in. What are some examples of scenarios in which contracts need access to other which contracts need access to other. Which contracts need access to other contracts is metadata contracts is metadata. Contracts is metadata so it's not a so it's not a so it's not a yeah this won't be like a common. Yeah this won't be like a common yeah this won't be like a common scenario but if a contract wants say the. Scenario but if a contract wants say the scenario but if a contract wants say the. Token's decibel number for some reason token's decibel number for some reason token's decibel number for some reason. Right like we expose that in the token right like we expose that in the token right like we expose that in the token. Interface right we have the name the interface right we have the name the interface right we have the name the. Decimal function decimal function decimal function and the token function and we did. and the token function and we did and the token function and we did that because there is no other way to. That because there is no other way to that because there is no other way to get that right we don't because we don't. Get that right we don't because we don't get that right we don't because we don't. Have metadata right now but if a have metadata right now but if a have metadata right now but if a. Contract wants that for some reason contract wants that for some reason contract wants that for some reason. Right this would be a way to get it I right this would be a way to get it I right this would be a way to get it I I. Don't think this this I don't think don't think this this I don't think don't think this this I don't think. We need to optimize for the scenario we need to optimize for the scenario we need to optimize for the scenario. Where where where you know you want to call into metadata you know you want to call into metadata. You know you want to call into metadata in a contract without calling through a in a contract without calling through a. In a contract without calling through a contract function because it will be contract function because it will be. Contract function because it will be rare and because of that you know it's rare and because of that you know it's. Rare and because of that you know it's fine to expose that in the interface and fine to expose that in the interface and. Fine to expose that in the interface and call into a contract function but call into a contract function but. Call into a contract function but yeah like that's one example yeah like that's one example. yeah like that's one example it yeah but my like I'd love to learn it yeah but my like I'd love to learn. It yeah but my like I'd love to learn about like concrete uses for this about like concrete uses for this. About like concrete uses for this because it looks like all the metadata because it looks like all the metadata. Because it looks like all the metadata uses that we've been discussing are uses that we've been discussing are. uses that we've been discussing are mostly for Downstream systems it's not mostly for Downstream systems it's not. Mostly for Downstream systems it's not for other contracts to consume for other contracts to consume. For other contracts to consume and if if that's the case then you and if if that's the case then you. and if if that's the case then you know I definitely agree that having just know I definitely agree that having just. Know I definitely agree that having just a standard metadata a standard metadata a standard metadata. you know Ledger entry and a way to you know Ledger entry and a way to you know Ledger entry and a way to. Access it is kind of like makes the most access it is kind of like makes the most. Access it is kind of like makes the most sense for everyone the question is sense for everyone the question is. Sense for everyone the question is like are we losing anything are we like are we losing anything are we. Like are we losing anything are we losing like this important optimization losing like this important optimization. Losing like this important optimization here yeah I'm looking at the Oracle consumer. Yeah I'm looking at the Oracle consumer interface precept let's try it in the interface precept let's try it in the. Interface precept let's try it in the store Dev I don't know if everybody store Dev I don't know if everybody. Store Dev I don't know if everybody has seen it here has seen it here has seen it here. it basically tries to come up with it basically tries to come up with. it basically tries to come up with a standardized historical interface and a standardized historical interface and. A standardized historical interface and you know it has a bunch of functions you know it has a bunch of functions. You know it has a bunch of functions like base asset the list of supported like base asset the list of supported. Like base asset the list of supported assets decimals resolution that assets decimals resolution that. Assets decimals resolution that I suspect may be useful I suspect may be useful I suspect may be useful. when you use the machine for the when you use the machine for the when you use the machine for the. Oracle users correct me if I'm Oracle users correct me if I'm Oracle users correct me if I'm. Running as into modes and OrbitLens running as into modes and OrbitLens running as into modes and OrbitLens . Here so yeah let me know what what you here so yeah let me know what what you here so yeah let me know what what you. Think about contracts for example like think about contracts for example like think about contracts for example like. It seems to me like this property seemed it seems to me like this property seemed. It seems to me like this property seemed to be useful for some function to be useful for some function. To be useful for some function operations and you know optimizing just operations and you know optimizing just. Operations and you know optimizing just cases would be generally beneficial cases would be generally beneficial. Cases would be generally beneficial if you are talking about the Oracle. if you are talking about the Oracle if you are talking about the Oracle contract interface in particular I think. Contract interface in particular I think contract interface in particular I think. That that that we need to Define we need to Define we need to Define .   Define the Define the Define the validity of those values for example . Validity of those values for example validity of those values for example if we. If we if we expose decimals and other let's say expose decimals and other let's say. Expose decimals and other let's say static properties of the contract static properties of the contract. Static properties of the contract in the contract itself via methods in in the contract itself via methods in. In the contract itself via methods in the interface all all other consumers can all other consumers can. Pretty easily fetch this data but for pretty easily fetch this data but for pretty easily fetch this data but for. All other options I don't see that all other options I don't see that all other options I don't see that. It will be as optimal for example if I it will be as optimal for example if I it will be as optimal for example if I. Understand correctly understand correctly understand correctly contract code can be upgraded and in. Contract code can be upgraded and in contract code can be upgraded and in fact during the upgrade we can lose. Fact during the upgrade we can lose fact during the upgrade we can lose those values or they they can be. Those values or they they can be those values or they they can be replaced with some other values so. Replaced with some other values so replaced with some other values so from what I'm seeing right now . From what I'm seeing right now from what I'm seeing right now I don't I don't like see any . I don't I don't like see any I don't I don't like see any benefits from providing . Benefits from providing benefits from providing some external some external. Some external external access to this metadata in external access to this metadata in. External access to this metadata in vasmo contractor entry or data laser vasmo contractor entry or data laser. Vasmo contractor entry or data laser entries entries entries and definitely it shouldn't be installed. And definitely it shouldn't be installed and definitely it shouldn't be installed. On because store Tom is bringing is on because store Tom is bringing is on because store Tom is bringing is. Bringing the logic outside of the system bringing the logic outside of the system. Bringing the logic outside of the system and it really has a lot of problems in and it really has a lot of problems in. And it really has a lot of problems in terms of terms of terms of usage from the from the consumer. Usage from the from the consumer usage from the from the consumer perspective if if a token that store. Perspective if if a token that store perspective if if a token that store tomb is is one of the options on the. Tomb is is one of the options on the tomb is is one of the options on the table then we can just. Table then we can just table then we can just just expose the static values on the. Just expose the static values on the just expose the static values on the project website and that's it because. Project website and that's it because project website and that's it because even in in that way it will be probably. Even in in that way it will be probably even in in that way it will be probably more more reliable than using Stellar. More more reliable than using Stellar more more reliable than using Stellar tool yeah I don't think store Thomas. Tool yeah I don't think store Thomas tool yeah I don't think store Thomas on the table so my question is rather. On the table so my question is rather on the table so my question is rather. Like what do you think as a user of an like what do you think as a user of an like what do you think as a user of an. Oracle contract for example as a oracle contract for example as a oracle contract for example as a. Contract user as it is contract user as it is contract user as it is would you be ever interested in. would you be ever interested in would you be ever interested in calling functions like base asset or. Calling functions like base asset or calling functions like base asset or decimals or list of assets I say modes. Decimals or list of assets I say modes decimals or list of assets I say modes has posted on the. Has posted on the has posted on the CAD that contracts are expected for CAD that contracts are expected for. CAD that contracts are expected for example to fetch decimals from tokens example to fetch decimals from tokens. Example to fetch decimals from tokens which might be the case as well right which might be the case as well right. which might be the case as well right I think it's probably like one time only. I think it's probably like one time only I think it's probably like one time only. Calls because most of this methods calls because most of this methods. Calls because most of this methods functions you mentioned they are functions you mentioned they are. functions you mentioned they are actually a static right actually a static right. Actually a static right but anyways I think that for consistency but anyways I think that for consistency. But anyways I think that for consistency they should be there if we can for they should be there if we can for. They should be there if we can for example expose some some of this values example expose some some of this values. Example expose some some of this values in bathroom custom section Etc that's in bathroom custom section Etc that's. In bathroom custom section Etc that's good but good but good but still I think the easiest way. Still I think the easiest way still I think the easiest way from the perspective of Downstream. From the perspective of Downstream from the perspective of Downstream systems is to just pull or pull this. Systems is to just pull or pull this systems is to just pull or pull this information directly from the contract. Information directly from the contract information directly from the contract via the contract function call. Via the contract function call via the contract function call I think it's possible. I think it's possible I think it's possible to come up with to come up with. To come up with some special cases where some special cases where some special cases where. This this this where these functions will be called where these functions will be called. where these functions will be called like much like much like much . Much more regularly for example if much more regularly for example if much more regularly for example if. The the the if there is some proxy contract that if there is some proxy contract that. if there is some proxy contract that Aggregates data from let's say a Aggregates data from let's say a. Aggregates data from let's say a dozen of different Oracles and then dozen of different Oracles and then. Dozen of different Oracles and then this functions this functions this functions. Can be called for example on every can be called for example on every can be called for example on every. Access to the underlying systems access to the underlying systems access to the underlying systems. But I don't really but I don't really but I don't really see whether or other. See whether or other see whether or other like storage options for example like storage options for example. Like storage options for example control entry will be better than a control entry will be better than a. Control entry will be better than a control control control in this regard because it's more. In this regard because it's more in this regard because it's more flexible flexible. Flexible I mean it's more flexible and less I mean it's more flexible and less I mean it's more flexible and less. Efficient rate efficient rate efficient rate you know you need to make n plus one. you know you need to make n plus one you know you need to make n plus one or n plus two contract calls instead of. Or n plus two contract calls instead of or n plus two contract calls instead of n you are spending quite a bit of gas. N you are spending quite a bit of gas n you are spending quite a bit of gas and that so against Thomas question was. And that so against Thomas question was and that so against Thomas question was whether we ever meet this data machine. Whether we ever meet this data machine whether we ever meet this data machine it seems like yes this sometimes. It seems like yes this sometimes it seems like yes this sometimes just like just explain where I'm. just like just explain where I'm just like just explain where I'm coming from I just feel a bit of. Coming from I just feel a bit of coming from I just feel a bit of disconnected we like a lot of the. Disconnected we like a lot of the disconnected we like a lot of the contract interface isn't exposed a bunch. Contract interface isn't exposed a bunch contract interface isn't exposed a bunch. Of this meta data-ish functions and of this meta data-ish functions and of this meta data-ish functions and . You know there are usable both on chain you know there are usable both on chain you know there are usable both on chain. And off chain and it's not really and off chain and it's not really and off chain and it's not really. Efficient to use them either on chain or efficient to use them either on chain or. Efficient to use them either on chain or off chain off chain off chain which I would consider a swipe. which I would consider a swipe which I would consider a swipe slightly slightly. Slightly yeah an argument towards like you know yeah an argument towards like you know. Yeah an argument towards like you know having this instead exposures static having this instead exposures static. Having this instead exposures static metadata that is readable by anyone metadata that is readable by anyone. Metadata that is readable by anyone writable by the owner contract but I writable by the owner contract but I. Writable by the owner contract but I have a strong opinion on this but it have a strong opinion on this but it. Have a strong opinion on this but it just feels weird to me that we like have just feels weird to me that we like have. Just feels weird to me that we like have a bunch of this static contract methods a bunch of this static contract methods. A bunch of this static contract methods that are kind of tied to the contract that are kind of tied to the contract. That are kind of tied to the contract instance instance instance and you know they will always. and you know they will always and you know they will always just fetch an entry from The Ledger. Just fetch an entry from The Ledger just fetch an entry from The Ledger like it seems like in his optimization. Like it seems like in his optimization like it seems like in his optimization for me but you know I don't feel like it. For me but you know I don't feel like it for me but you know I don't feel like it. So it sounds EMA like what you're so it sounds EMA like what you're so it sounds EMA like what you're. Suggesting is like a step towards suggesting is like a step towards suggesting is like a step towards. you know basically like exposing you know basically like exposing you know basically like exposing. Kind of like API by shared memory kind of like API by shared memory kind of like API by shared memory. which I think which I think which I think for like non-meta-data use cases is is. For like non-meta-data use cases is is for like non-meta-data use cases is is you know is a is a bit dangerous like. You know is a is a bit dangerous like you know is a is a bit dangerous like maybe the the contract. Maybe the the contract maybe the the contract shouldn't actually expose you know. Shouldn't actually expose you know shouldn't actually expose you know data through like like a shared. Data through like like a shared data through like like a shared memory structure. Memory structure memory structure and and if I look at the functions and and if I look at the functions. and and if I look at the functions right now especially on like in the right now especially on like in the. Right now especially on like in the token contract they're mostly there token contract they're mostly there. Token contract they're mostly there for Downstream systems and I did want to for Downstream systems and I did want to. For Downstream systems and I did want to ask moots ask moots ask moots can you give us examples of when other. Can you give us examples of when other can you give us examples of when other contracts actually need the decimals . Contracts actually need the decimals contracts actually need the decimals that sounds a bit idiosyncratic to me. That sounds a bit idiosyncratic to me that sounds a bit idiosyncratic to me yeah yeah. Yeah yeah I guess probably the yeah I guess probably the yeah I guess probably the. Best example I can think of is in any best example I can think of is in any best example I can think of is in any. System that has to attempt to Value some system that has to attempt to Value some. System that has to attempt to Value some collection of tokens that collection of tokens that. Collection of tokens that may or may not be like fully defined and may or may not be like fully defined and. May or may not be like fully defined and or can change in the future or can change in the future. Or can change in the future an example of this would be Ave at an example of this would be Ave at. an example of this would be Ave at any point in time in the future it can any point in time in the future it can. Any point in time in the future it can choose to add a new token choose to add a new token. Choose to add a new token they probably don't want to assume they probably don't want to assume. they probably don't want to assume that in the ethereum case all tokens that in the ethereum case all tokens. That in the ethereum case all tokens have 18 decimals for example they have 18 decimals for example they. Have 18 decimals for example they have usdc which I think in ethereum only have usdc which I think in ethereum only. Have usdc which I think in ethereum only has six has six has six so in that event if you are trying to. so in that event if you are trying to so in that event if you are trying to. Consume some common common price to consume some common common price to consume some common common price to. Compare all these Assets in you'd have compare all these Assets in you'd have compare all these Assets in you'd have. To take the decimals into account to take the decimals into account to take the decimals into account. Otherwise your price would either be otherwise your price would either be otherwise your price would either be. Severely inflated or deflated based on severely inflated or deflated based on severely inflated or deflated based on. Whatever number of decimals you've been whatever number of decimals you've been whatever number of decimals you've been. Assuming so that would be kind of like assuming so that would be kind of like assuming so that would be kind of like. Trying or I suppose trying to Value trying or I suppose trying to Value trying or I suppose trying to Value. Some set of tokens would be really the some set of tokens would be really the some set of tokens would be really the. Only case I can think of that decimals only case I can think of that decimals only case I can think of that decimals. Would be needed Unchained but it's a would be needed Unchained but it's a would be needed Unchained but it's a. Fairly common one and Ave actually does that and Ave actually does that it calls the decimals function yeah. It calls the decimals function yeah it calls the decimals function yeah you'll some people like. you'll some people like you'll some people like for example balancer does something kind. For example balancer does something kind for example balancer does something kind. Of interesting where they actually of interesting where they actually of interesting where they actually. Normalize all the all the decimal values normalize all the all the decimal values. Normalize all the all the decimal values and just assume they're 18. And just assume they're 18. And just assume they're 18. which is an option too if you want to which is an option too if you want to. Which is an option too if you want to avoid trying to call decimals but avoid trying to call decimals but. Avoid trying to call decimals but just because oracles don't always just because oracles don't always. just because oracles don't always list prices in list prices in list prices in. Normal like the same denomination normal like the same denomination normal like the same denomination. You would need to use decimals to ensure you would need to use decimals to ensure. You would need to use decimals to ensure that you're actually getting the correct. That you're actually getting the correct that you're actually getting the correct. One got it so it's mostly kind of like got it so it's mostly kind of like normalizing data coming from oracles. Normalizing data coming from oracles normalizing data coming from oracles correct yeah. Yeah it just feels a little bit weird to yeah it just feels a little bit weird to. Me that well like the functions for me that well like the functions for me that well like the functions for. Example are metadata conceptually right example are metadata conceptually right example are metadata conceptually right. And and and you know it is urge that we expose it as you know it is urge that we expose it as. You know it is urge that we expose it as a function but we are not going to use a. A function but we are not going to use a a function but we are not going to use a. Tone chain whereas we are proposing and tone chain whereas we are proposing and tone chain whereas we are proposing and. Just you know hey let's use some just you know hey let's use some just you know hey let's use some. Standard like we have this Ledger standard like we have this Ledger standard like we have this Ledger. Entries is the metadata to use of chain entries is the metadata to use of chain entries is the metadata to use of chain. so actually what I mean here so so actually what I mean here so so actually what I mean here so. Basically we have functions but we don't basically we have functions but we don't. Basically we have functions but we don't use them on chain and then for off chain. Use them on chain and then for off chain use them on chain and then for off chain. We have standardized metadata entries we have standardized metadata entries we have standardized metadata entries. Then there is a question like why do we then there is a question like why do we then there is a question like why do we. Even expose this functions in the first even expose this functions in the first even expose this functions in the first. Place or maybe vice versa why we buzzer place or maybe vice versa why we buzzer place or maybe vice versa why we buzzer. With defining the with defining the with defining the standard structure for metadata at all. Standard structure for metadata at all standard structure for metadata at all if we provide functions for that we say. If we provide functions for that we say if we provide functions for that we say like hey just you know if you want to. Like hey just you know if you want to like hey just you know if you want to expose any metadata exposure to this is. Expose any metadata exposure to this is expose any metadata exposure to this is a static function it's hopefully. A static function it's hopefully a static function it's hopefully reasonably cheap to call off-chain. Reasonably cheap to call off-chain reasonably cheap to call off-chain anyway well I think the answer is the exposed. Well I think the answer is the exposed functions today because we don't have functions today because we don't have. Functions today because we don't have the concept of metadata right so the the concept of metadata right so the. The concept of metadata right so the question is like if we do have the question is like if we do have the. Question is like if we do have the concept of metadata then we will concept of metadata then we will. Concept of metadata then we will probably reduce the number of functions probably reduce the number of functions. Probably reduce the number of functions to those that are actually usable to those that are actually usable. To those that are actually usable on chain and you know things like you on chain and you know things like you. On chain and you know things like you know the name of the token probably not know the name of the token probably not. Know the name of the token probably not usable on chain I don't I don't see a usable on chain I don't I don't see a. Usable on chain I don't I don't see a reason to expose that reason to expose that. Reason to expose that so so so like I you know I would error on on like I you know I would error on on. like I you know I would error on on the side of like not introducing new the side of like not introducing new. The side of like not introducing new mechanics then then introducing your mechanics then then introducing your. Mechanics then then introducing your mechanics mechanics mechanics and whatever we can do with with. And whatever we can do with with and whatever we can do with with defining ecosystem standards is better. Defining ecosystem standards is better defining ecosystem standards is better than making you know protocol change. Than making you know protocol change than making you know protocol change that we need to live in Forever. That we need to live in Forever that we need to live in Forever yeah definitely I like I'm all for like. Yeah definitely I like I'm all for like yeah definitely I like I'm all for like you know letting more stuff to be. You know letting more stuff to be you know letting more stuff to be resolved like of protocol of chain. Resolved like of protocol of chain resolved like of protocol of chain just that it's a little bit weird. just that it's a little bit weird just that it's a little bit weird that we have two ways of doing the same. That we have two ways of doing the same that we have two ways of doing the same thing but you know if our guidance is. Thing but you know if our guidance is thing but you know if our guidance is hey like if you don't ever expect this. Hey like if you don't ever expect this hey like if you don't ever expect this to be accessed unchanged just use a. To be accessed unchanged just use a to be accessed unchanged just use a ledger key to unplug the interface and. Ledger key to unplug the interface and ledger key to unplug the interface and things that's probably good enough. Things that's probably good enough things that's probably good enough yeah and I do think it's an optimization. Yeah and I do think it's an optimization yeah and I do think it's an optimization. For Downstream systems right like we for Downstream systems right like we for Downstream systems right like we. Don't want wallets to like constantly be don't want wallets to like constantly be. Don't want wallets to like constantly be calling you know running like wasn't calling you know running like wasn't. Calling you know running like wasn't code to determine like you know decimals code to determine like you know decimals. Code to determine like you know decimals and and asset names I think that if if we are going. I think that if if we are going with any of the with any of the with any of the. let's say let's say let's say with any static storage for this. with any static storage for this with any static storage for this metadata metadata. Metadata it should be read only so it's like it should be read only so it's like. It should be read only so it's like it's set for once and never changed it's set for once and never changed. It's set for once and never changed because otherwise because otherwise because otherwise. From the consumer perspective I don't from the consumer perspective I don't from the consumer perspective I don't. Really really really don't really understand when this data don't really understand when this data. Don't really understand when this data can be updated for example can be updated for example. Can be updated for example and and and many ways if it's stored not in the many ways if it's stored not in the. Many ways if it's stored not in the contract data but in Contra closure contract data but in Contra closure. Contract data but in Contra closure entry or somewhere else entry or somewhere else. Entry or somewhere else I think that I think that I think that in most cases in most cases. In most cases consumers will have to consumers will have to consumers will have to. Call it like every time I understand call it like every time I understand call it like every time I understand. That it's cheaper but still if we are that it's cheaper but still if we are that it's cheaper but still if we are. Decoupling this from the standard decoupling this from the standard decoupling this from the standard. standard contract storage so it's standard contract storage so it's standard contract storage so it's. Probably makes sense probably makes sense probably makes sense to ensure that these values are you know. To ensure that these values are you know to ensure that these values are you know. For example if they're created in for example if they're created in for example if they're created in. Contractual entities and they should be contractual entities and they should be contractual entities and they should be. Created created created well during creation and the never well during creation and the never. well during creation and the never changed so that's an interesting point because. So that's an interesting point because we we will allow for updating we we will allow for updating. We we will allow for updating contract instances or sorry you updated contract instances or sorry you updated. Contract instances or sorry you updated contract instance to point to a contract instance to point to a. Contract instance to point to a different contract code entry and now different contract code entry and now. Different contract code entry and now I think ideally you would update in a I think ideally you would update in a. I think ideally you would update in a way where the metadata still holds true way where the metadata still holds true. Way where the metadata still holds true but but but yeah it's a completely coupled like. yeah it's a completely coupled like yeah it's a completely coupled like no matter how metadata is stored with. No matter how metadata is stored with no matter how metadata is stored with shouldn't touch it when the source is. Shouldn't touch it when the source is shouldn't touch it when the source is being updated and to be clear the sort. Being updated and to be clear the sort being updated and to be clear the sort of metadata we've been talking about. Of metadata we've been talking about of metadata we've been talking about that is attributed to the bathroom. That is attributed to the bathroom that is attributed to the bathroom Source this is not like the data about. Source this is not like the data about Source this is not like the data about like decimals or anything because it's. Like decimals or anything because it's like decimals or anything because it's not an instance it's more like this has. Not an instance it's more like this has not an instance it's more like this has been built this version of sdkx or this. Been built this version of sdkx or this been built this version of sdkx or this implements interface Y and not merging. Implements interface Y and not merging implements interface Y and not merging that so you know when we update it yes. That so you know when we update it yes that so you know when we update it yes it will be updated but like it is. It will be updated but like it is it will be updated but like it is expected like when we updated yes it. Expected like when we updated yes it expected like when we updated yes it will be updated but like it is expected. Will be updated but like it is expected will be updated but like it is expected we give the implementation migrated to a. We give the implementation migrated to a we give the implementation migrated to a. New SDK version on you send it to new SDK version on you send it to new SDK version on you send it to. Interface I think this is what you want interface I think this is what you want interface I think this is what you want. To observe to observe to observe you're talking about code metadata right you're talking about code metadata right. You're talking about code metadata right I thought yeah yeah but but I think I thought yeah yeah but but I think. I thought yeah yeah but but I think yeah yeah there was a question about yeah yeah there was a question about. Yeah yeah there was a question about like hey what what if he updates the like hey what what if he updates the. Like hey what what if he updates the contract implementation so what I'm contract implementation so what I'm. Contract implementation so what I'm saying is that you do not touch instance saying is that you do not touch instance. Saying is that you do not touch instance metadata and old metadata itself is metadata and old metadata itself is. Metadata and old metadata itself is expected to be updated because it just expected to be updated because it just. Expected to be updated because it just describes the code so but but do you describes the code so but but do you. Describes the code so but but do you allow for updating the instance metadata allow for updating the instance metadata. Allow for updating the instance metadata I get the contract the code metadata it I get the contract the code metadata it. I get the contract the code metadata it depends it depends on the approach right depends it depends on the approach right. Depends it depends on the approach right if you go for the contract storage if you go for the contract storage . If you go for the contract storage just the normal contract data Ledger just the normal contract data Ledger. Just the normal contract data Ledger entries it is updatable entries it is updatable. Entries it is updatable and the same is true for the current and the same is true for the current. And the same is true for the current functions it exposes right click that functions it exposes right click that. Functions it exposes right click that prevents you from changing the token prevents you from changing the token. Prevents you from changing the token name currently name currently name currently. if you go for if you go for if you go for yeah another approach we can make a. Yeah another approach we can make a yeah another approach we can make a trade only if you want. Trade only if you want trade only if you want okay because I think that's what orbit. Okay because I think that's what orbit okay because I think that's what orbit just brought up. Just brought up just brought up okay okay okay so it doesn't sound like we've . So it doesn't sound like we've so it doesn't sound like we've like decided on you know if this. Like decided on you know if this like decided on you know if this information so like you know we can. Information so like you know we can information so like you know we can actually yeah someone mentioned that the. Actually yeah someone mentioned that the actually yeah someone mentioned that the. Metadata we don't have metadata at the metadata we don't have metadata at the metadata we don't have metadata at the. Moment but technically you can still moment but technically you can still moment but technically you can still. Look at the token and figure out where look at the token and figure out where look at the token and figure out where. The balance entry or sorry where the the balance entry or sorry where the the balance entry or sorry where the. Decimal entry is stored right and what decimal entry is stored right and what decimal entry is stored right and what. We're saying is if you do this all we're saying is if you do this all we're saying is if you do this all . Off protocol then you would just then we off protocol then you would just then we. Off protocol then you would just then we would just figure out a set ecosystem would just figure out a set ecosystem. Would just figure out a set ecosystem standard for where the decimal entry standard for where the decimal entry. Standard for where the decimal entry will be stored because they'd already will be stored because they'd already. Will be stored because they'd already exists today we would ideally put the exists today we would ideally put the. Exists today we would ideally put the decimal name and token all into a single decimal name and token all into a single. Decimal name and token all into a single metadata entry metadata entry metadata entry. that that that's like determined by that that that's like determined by that that that's like determined by. The ecosystem not by the protocol the ecosystem not by the protocol the ecosystem not by the protocol. right so it's not like we're we're right so it's not like we're we're right so it's not like we're we're. Going to you know add Like A New Concept going to you know add Like A New Concept. Going to you know add Like A New Concept of like a new type of Entry or add of like a new type of Entry or add. Of like a new type of Entry or add information that doesn't exist today information that doesn't exist today. Information that doesn't exist today it's more about where we where we put it's more about where we where we put. It's more about where we where we put the information that already exists on the information that already exists on. The information that already exists on chain today and just in a way where we chain today and just in a way where we. Chain today and just in a way where we can where it would make where it's can where it would make where it's. Can where it would make where it's easier to retrieve right yeah and if I if I if I try to. Yeah and if I if I if I try to paraphrase what Dima said earlier at paraphrase what Dima said earlier at. Paraphrase what Dima said earlier at that point I think that the the the that point I think that the the the. That point I think that the the the argument here is is like not whether or argument here is is like not whether or. Argument here is is like not whether or not to add this to the contract entry not to add this to the contract entry. Not to add this to the contract entry itself itself itself but assuming that we're not like do we. But assuming that we're not like do we but assuming that we're not like do we actually need to standardize this. Actually need to standardize this actually need to standardize this or you know do we just use what we have. Or you know do we just use what we have or you know do we just use what we have right now which is functions because. Right now which is functions because right now which is functions because you know like more ways to access. you know like more ways to access you know like more ways to access data is like more dangerous or it's it. Data is like more dangerous or it's it data is like more dangerous or it's it creates like a bifurcation there. Yeah and that's specifically for the yeah and that's specifically for the like your question is specifically about. Like your question is specifically about like your question is specifically about. The cross-contract case right the cross-contract case right the cross-contract case right. yeah yeah to be clear I think the cross-contract to be clear I think the cross-contract. To be clear I think the cross-contract case is actually like I recognize that case is actually like I recognize that. Case is actually like I recognize that there are use cases for that but I think. There are use cases for that but I think there are use cases for that but I think. They're like fairly minimal and I think they're like fairly minimal and I think they're like fairly minimal and I think. Most metadata that we've been talking most metadata that we've been talking most metadata that we've been talking. About is never going to be consumed by about is never going to be consumed by about is never going to be consumed by. Another contract I think we need to consider the I think we need to consider the. Separation of separation of separation of security for this to Value so let's say. Security for this to Value so let's say security for this to Value so let's say if we talk about the value that is. If we talk about the value that is if we talk about the value that is stored and Modified by the contract. Stored and Modified by the contract stored and Modified by the contract itself then the security. Itself then the security itself then the security lies entirely in the field of . Lies entirely in the field of lies entirely in the field of the code written by the developer but if. The code written by the developer but if the code written by the developer but if. If we if we if we introduce another way to store some introduce another way to store some. Introduce another way to store some metadata would be randomly or some other metadata would be randomly or some other. Metadata would be randomly or some other let's say editable metadata we need let's say editable metadata we need. Let's say editable metadata we need to think about security considerations to think about security considerations. To think about security considerations here as well so we need to here as well so we need to. Here as well so we need to provide information and strictly Define provide information and strictly Define. Provide information and strictly Define when can will be changed and under which when can will be changed and under which. When can will be changed and under which conditions because again if you are conditions because again if you are. Conditions because again if you are talking about oracle's price modify as talking about oracle's price modify as. Talking about oracle's price modify as decimals may have like disasters decimals may have like disasters. Decimals may have like disasters effects for all consumers orbit I didn't understand from that what. Orbit I didn't understand from that what your perspective as you said if we're your perspective as you said if we're. Your perspective as you said if we're introducing a new mechanism for introducing a new mechanism for. Introducing a new mechanism for accessing metadata do you think we accessing metadata do you think we. Accessing metadata do you think we should add we should introduce like a should add we should introduce like a. Should add we should introduce like a separate mechanism for Access I think we separate mechanism for Access I think we. Separate mechanism for Access I think we can introduce and it's okay but we can can introduce and it's okay but we can. Can introduce and it's okay but we can we should Define we should Define we should Define . very strictly under which condition very strictly under which condition very strictly under which condition. it changes so there are like a it changes so there are like a it changes so there are like a. Few options described in the prairie dog few options described in the prairie dog. Few options described in the prairie dog and and and I should probably . I should probably I should probably focus on these options that as I provide. Focus on these options that as I provide focus on these options that as I provide. A reasonably access to this metadata or a reasonably access to this metadata or a reasonably access to this metadata or. At least provide at least provide at least provide strict security strict security . Strict security guarantees that this metadata won't be guarantees that this metadata won't be. Guarantees that this metadata won't be changed by someone changed by someone changed by someone. In the runtime because contracts for in the runtime because contracts for in the runtime because contracts for. Example can have like example can have like example can have like . Other more Street security grantees then other more Street security grantees then. Other more Street security grantees then the deployer the deployer the deployer the deployer contract or deployer. The deployer contract or deployer the deployer contract or deployer account for example it's something. Account for example it's something account for example it's something. That should be that should be that should be should be considered the like the more we talk about this . The like the more we talk about this the more I feel strongly that we the more I feel strongly that we. The more I feel strongly that we shouldn't introduce like a protocol shouldn't introduce like a protocol. Shouldn't introduce like a protocol feature specifically for this and feature specifically for this and. Feature specifically for this and I think that the functions I think that the functions. I think that the functions yeah the cross contract calls facilitate yeah the cross contract calls facilitate. Yeah the cross contract calls facilitate all of our anshay needs and an ecosystem. All of our anshay needs and an ecosystem all of our anshay needs and an ecosystem. Standard for metadata can help standard for metadata can help standard for metadata can help. Downstream systems just know where Downstream systems just know where Downstream systems just know where. Something is instead of calling for it something is instead of calling for it something is instead of calling for it. But but but I don't think we should introduce new I don't think we should introduce new. I don't think we should introduce new protocol mechanics here protocol mechanics here. Protocol mechanics here yeah and to add to the concerns that Sid yeah and to add to the concerns that Sid. Yeah and to add to the concerns that Sid has mentioned at the very beginning has mentioned at the very beginning. Has mentioned at the very beginning regarding the rent payments for those regarding the rent payments for those. Regarding the rent payments for those entries that are never going to be entries that are never going to be. Entries that are never going to be attached on genes supposedly I think attached on genes supposedly I think. Attached on genes supposedly I think that the current iteration of the Ring that the current iteration of the Ring. That the current iteration of the Ring proposal kind of takes care of that proposal kind of takes care of that. Proposal kind of takes care of that in less reasonable fashion because you in less reasonable fashion because you. In less reasonable fashion because you can pump print and arbitrary entries can pump print and arbitrary entries. Can pump print and arbitrary entries so you know if you really care about so you know if you really care about. So you know if you really care about your token contract you can just bump your token contract you can just bump. Your token contract you can just bump the rent on its metadata every once in a the rent on its metadata every once in a. The rent on its metadata every once in a while and the good thing is that while and the good thing is that. While and the good thing is that metadata is not like something that metadata is not like something that . Metadata is not like something that has to be there to make your contract has to be there to make your contract. Has to be there to make your contract upgrade so not critical to maintain rent upgrade so not critical to maintain rent. Upgrade so not critical to maintain rent a bit but it should be possible so it's a bit but it should be possible so it's. A bit but it should be possible so it's not a concern as well not a concern as well. Not a concern as well well it does have to be a manual process well it does have to be a manual process. Well it does have to be a manual process though and so I'm wondering like if it though and so I'm wondering like if it. Though and so I'm wondering like if it would be wise to maybe some outside the would be wise to maybe some outside the. Would be wise to maybe some outside the metadata to the contract instance itself metadata to the contract instance itself. Metadata to the contract instance itself because right now you currently have a because right now you currently have a. Because right now you currently have a rent bump whenever you access either rent bump whenever you access either. Rent bump whenever you access either read access or read write access and so read access or read write access and so. Read access or read write access and so I can imagine a scenario where like the I can imagine a scenario where like the. I can imagine a scenario where like the contract is used on chain a lot but contract is used on chain a lot but. Contract is used on chain a lot but then you know if you don't manually call then you know if you don't manually call. Then you know if you don't manually call this bump then even though it's being this bump then even though it's being. This bump then even though it's being used on chain the metadata can get used on chain the metadata can get. Used on chain the metadata can get archived and default on rent so I'm archived and default on rent so I'm. Archived and default on rent so I'm wondering if we should tie metadata wondering if we should tie metadata. Wondering if we should tie metadata somehow to the contract instance such somehow to the contract instance such. Somehow to the contract instance such that if the contract is actively being that if the contract is actively being. That if the contract is actively being used the metadata won't get sent to the used the metadata won't get sent to the. Used the metadata won't get sent to the archive and you don't have to have this archive and you don't have to have this. Archive and you don't have to have this manual intervention but Garen is isn't manual intervention but Garen is isn't. Manual intervention but Garen is isn't this problem this problem this problem relevant for any like Global state. relevant for any like Global state relevant for any like Global state that a contract has like this is not. That a contract has like this is not that a contract has like this is not something unique for metadata even like. Something unique for metadata even like something unique for metadata even like you know like pool values and a. you know like pool values and a you know like pool values and a liquidity pool will will you know. Liquidity pool will will you know liquidity pool will will you know we'll need similar mechanisms now. We'll need similar mechanisms now we'll need similar mechanisms now this is true but I feel like mad data is. This is true but I feel like mad data is this is true but I feel like mad data is. Just somewhat unique because it's just just somewhat unique because it's just just somewhat unique because it's just. Never used on chain right and like if never used on chain right and like if. Never used on chain right and like if I feel like for most contract data types. I feel like for most contract data types I feel like for most contract data types. if they're being touched or if they if they're being touched or if they if they're being touched or if they. Are like relevant for onshine operations are like relevant for onshine operations. Are like relevant for onshine operations then they'll be accessed and they'll then they'll be accessed and they'll. Then they'll be accessed and they'll have the rent bump have the rent bump have the rent bump. and so I feel like that's like the and so I feel like that's like the and so I feel like that's like the. One issue with the metadata is that one issue with the metadata is that one issue with the metadata is that. Because it doesn't have an on-chain use because it doesn't have an on-chain use because it doesn't have an on-chain use. It will never it will never it will never have this automatic bump because it have this automatic bump because it. have this automatic bump because it should never be accessed by an on-chain should never be accessed by an on-chain. Should never be accessed by an on-chain contract that's a good point that's a good point. It's like in the liquidity pool thing it's like in the liquidity pool thing it's like in the liquidity pool thing. Like it will be accessed so it will have like it will be accessed so it will have. Like it will be accessed so it will have this automatic bomb and so I'm just this automatic bomb and so I'm just. This automatic bomb and so I'm just worried that you know it's like a weird worried that you know it's like a weird. Worried that you know it's like a weird interface where we have like essentially interface where we have like essentially. Interface where we have like essentially you know especially in the new brand you know especially in the new brand. you know especially in the new brand proposal where we have automatic rent proposal where we have automatic rent. Proposal where we have automatic rent payments payments payments it just feels weird that rent is paid. it just feels weird that rent is paid it just feels weird that rent is paid. Automatically for you know anything automatically for you know anything automatically for you know anything. That's relevant but a very popular that's relevant but a very popular that's relevant but a very popular. Contract instance would still not contract instance would still not contract instance would still not. Automatically update the Mad data automatically update the Mad data automatically update the Mad data. Entries and so it just feels like a poor entries and so it just feels like a poor. Entries and so it just feels like a poor user experience user experience user experience. Oh I mean in the current proposal oh I mean in the current proposal oh I mean in the current proposal. Right you still can Bounce Around right you still can Bounce Around right you still can Bounce Around. Manually rate for any Ledger entry you manually rate for any Ledger entry you manually rate for any Ledger entry you. Want which is what I refer to by saying want which is what I refer to by saying want which is what I refer to by saying. That we have a solution for that that we have a solution for that that we have a solution for that. I'm not saying it is perfect but you I'm not saying it is perfect but you I'm not saying it is perfect but you. Know since we say that hey this sort of know since we say that hey this sort of know since we say that hey this sort of. Metadata is for the off-chain usage metadata is for the off-chain usage metadata is for the off-chain usage. Anyway I don't see this too offensive anyway I don't see this too offensive anyway I don't see this too offensive. That you know you need to craft rent that you know you need to craft rent that you know you need to craft rent. Bumps of chain as well as opposed to the bumps of chain as well as opposed to the. Bumps of chain as well as opposed to the automated months I mean yeah it's automated months I mean yeah it's. Automated months I mean yeah it's probably not the best ux but since like probably not the best ux but since like. Probably not the best ux but since like the cost of defaulting our rent is the cost of defaulting our rent is. The cost of defaulting our rent is really low here really low here really low here. not impossible to not impossible to not impossible to recreate this entry if needed from the. Recreate this entry if needed from the recreate this entry if needed from the archive so I feel like. Archive so I feel like archive so I feel like well it may be of a minor annoyance it. Well it may be of a minor annoyance it well it may be of a minor annoyance it doesn't seem like. Doesn't seem like doesn't seem like I'm super critical I'm super critical I'm super critical. but I mean but I mean but I mean you can also get creative and do the. You can also get creative and do the you can also get creative and do the merging of the data that is being. Merging of the data that is being merging of the data that is being accessed and chain and that is purely. Accessed and chain and that is purely accessed and chain and that is purely metadata just by implementing it in a. Metadata just by implementing it in a metadata just by implementing it in a certain fashion in the contract like you. Certain fashion in the contract like you certain fashion in the contract like you. Can have a single entry that mixes both can have a single entry that mixes both can have a single entry that mixes both. Used and then use data and then used and then use data and then used and then use data and then. Everything will get pumped together everything will get pumped together everything will get pumped together. Which is good I guess which is good I guess which is good I guess we have a great like this can be. We have a great like this can be we have a great like this can be developed developed. Developed off protocol if needed yeah like my general sentiment is if is yeah like my general sentiment is if is. If this you know if this thing is if this you know if this thing is if this you know if this thing is. Still alive there would be at least one still alive there would be at least one still alive there would be at least one. Entity that you know that cares enough entity that you know that cares enough entity that you know that cares enough. To put to put to put you know quarters in this meter okay so it sounds like we where we are. Okay so it sounds like we where we are at the moment is that we that the the at the moment is that we that the the. At the moment is that we that the the metadata won't be exposed directly on. Metadata won't be exposed directly on metadata won't be exposed directly on. Chain and chain and chain and though we will say for now that rent though we will say for now that rent. Though we will say for now that rent will just be manually bumped on these will just be manually bumped on these. Will just be manually bumped on these entries is that right yes yes okay okay okay. All right I don't think there are all right I don't think there are all right I don't think there are. Any other any other any other questions around this questions around this questions around this. so we can if no one else has any so we can if no one else has any so we can if no one else has any. Other questions we can move on to other questions we can move on to other questions we can move on to . The next topic yeah yeah so this took an interface I don't so this took an interface I don't. so this took an interface I don't have much do exposes but have much do exposes but . Have much do exposes but basically it's a couple of things that basically it's a couple of things that. Basically it's a couple of things that we haven't still done with the token we haven't still done with the token. We haven't still done with the token things right across next things right across next. Things right across next and and and some of these things are pretty and. Some of these things are pretty and some of these things are pretty and uncontroversial I think like for. Uncontroversial I think like for uncontroversial I think like for example all the admin interface doesn't. Example all the admin interface doesn't example all the admin interface doesn't require admin address anymore to be. Require admin address anymore to be require admin address anymore to be passed to it because we need to fetch. Passed to it because we need to fetch passed to it because we need to fetch admin from the storage anyway so we can. Admin from the storage anyway so we can admin from the storage anyway so we can directly call request it. Directly call request it directly call request it the next thing that is slightly. the next thing that is slightly the next thing that is slightly more controversial I guess and. More controversial I guess and more controversial I guess and interesting is interesting is. Interesting is this is next it is much easier to make this is next it is much easier to make. This is next it is much easier to make outright subcontract course on behalf of outright subcontract course on behalf of. Outright subcontract course on behalf of someone so you can someone so you can someone so you can. The user can call a contract that calls the user can call a contract that calls the user can call a contract that calls. A token transfer for example a token transfer for example a token transfer for example. And and and it is a useful feature but regular it is a useful feature but regular. It is a useful feature but regular transfer transfer transfer is quite Limited in the sense that. is quite Limited in the sense that is quite Limited in the sense that you can only send a preset amount and. You can only send a preset amount and you can only send a preset amount and this is the exact amount that you have. This is the exact amount that you have this is the exact amount that you have signed so if the example if you have. Signed so if the example if you have signed so if the example if you have some trading contracts that. Some trading contracts that some trading contracts that doesn't perform a full trade it will. Doesn't perform a full trade it will doesn't perform a full trade it will need to come up with a custom refund. Need to come up with a custom refund need to come up with a custom refund Logic for example like if the price has. Logic for example like if the price has Logic for example like if the price has dropped down compared to what you have. Dropped down compared to what you have dropped down compared to what you have authorized. Authorized authorized and so that cases we want to introduce a and so that cases we want to introduce a. And so that cases we want to introduce a function like X for Max or maybe expert function like X for Max or maybe expert. Function like X for Max or maybe expert Contracting proposals welcome Contracting proposals welcome. Contracting proposals welcome and this function would basically allow and this function would basically allow. And this function would basically allow sign-in as maximum amount and signing sign-in as maximum amount and signing. Sign-in as maximum amount and signing the the the address that is all tries to transfer up. Address that is all tries to transfer up address that is all tries to transfer up. To that amount to that amount to that amount but then the call itself accepts the. But then the call itself accepts the but then the call itself accepts the actual recipient and the actual amount. Actual recipient and the actual amount actual recipient and the actual amount that of course have to be not have to. That of course have to be not have to that of course have to be not have to. Not exceed the amount that has been not exceed the amount that has been not exceed the amount that has been. Signed by the user that allows to do signed by the user that allows to do signed by the user that allows to do. Something like Xavier has signed something like Xavier has signed something like Xavier has signed. Transfer of 100 to xlm and during a transfer of 100 to xlm and during a transfer of 100 to xlm and during a. Trade we figure that actually they need trade we figure that actually they need trade we figure that actually they need. To spend just 95 xlm to perform the to spend just 95 xlm to perform the to spend just 95 xlm to perform the. Trade so the contract can do just a trade so the contract can do just a trade so the contract can do just a. Single token call single token call single token call X4 Max with 100xl and authorized and 95. X4 Max with 100xl and authorized and 95 X4 Max with 100xl and authorized and 95 xlm sexual value. Xlm sexual value xlm sexual value so I guess interesting question like so I guess interesting question like. So I guess interesting question like the proposal like that seems a the proposal like that seems a. The proposal like that seems a reasonable at least from the previous reasonable at least from the previous. Reasonable at least from the previous discussions discussions discussions I guess the question for this particular. I guess the question for this particular I guess the question for this particular. Proposal is proposal is proposal is how many extra functions are we going to. How many extra functions are we going to how many extra functions are we going to. Have because currently they already have have because currently they already have. Have because currently they already have week two x four and extra from week two x four and extra from. Week two x four and extra from this using allowance which is like this using allowance which is like. this using allowance which is like the next topic the next topic the next topic. but you know maybe we should try but you know maybe we should try but you know maybe we should try. Conversion conversion conversion for example have the normal extra for example have the normal extra. For example have the normal extra Behavior to be always like this extra Behavior to be always like this extra. Behavior to be always like this extra Max I have described like Max I have described like. Max I have described like you know you always sign the you know you always sign the. You know you always sign the actual value of the transfer but then actual value of the transfer but then . Actual value of the transfer but then like if you are doing just a simple like if you are doing just a simple. Like if you are doing just a simple payment you can bypass Romanian payment you can bypass Romanian. Payment you can bypass Romanian arguments or duplicates and something arguments or duplicates and something. Arguments or duplicates and something and then you know combination from and then you know combination from. And then you know combination from contract you can decide or we can have contract you can decide or we can have. Contract you can decide or we can have two functions so I guess that is the two functions so I guess that is the. Two functions so I guess that is the question here I'm interested in some question here I'm interested in some. Question here I'm interested in some opinions so I guess the trade-off here opinions so I guess the trade-off here. Opinions so I guess the trade-off here is either more complex interface or is either more complex interface or. Is either more complex interface or simpler interface with less functional simpler interface with less functional. Simpler interface with less functional but this function itself is like more but this function itself is like more. But this function itself is like more complex just to make sure we're all on the. Just to make sure we're all on the same page in in current semantics if same page in in current semantics if. Same page in in current semantics if you want to do like a trade that is a you want to do like a trade that is a. You want to do like a trade that is a you know a strict send then the current you know a strict send then the current. You know a strict send then the current expert expert expert function is enough right yes. Function is enough right yes function is enough right yes okay so if you want to do like a strict. Okay so if you want to do like a strict okay so if you want to do like a strict receive in which like the other side of. Receive in which like the other side of receive in which like the other side of the trade is guaranteed then the like. The trade is guaranteed then the like the trade is guaranteed then the like the send amount can be flexible yes. The send amount can be flexible yes the send amount can be flexible yes got it out of curiosity what is. Got it out of curiosity what is got it out of curiosity what is common in the world of. Common in the world of common in the world of you know popular a m's on on ethereum. you know popular a m's on on ethereum you know popular a m's on on ethereum. For example do they work on like strict for example do they work on like strict for example do they work on like strict. Send or strict receive semantics that's anyone or no that's anyone or no it's not really either sadly you kind of. It's not really either sadly you kind of it's not really either sadly you kind of. Put in a price and you put in a slippage put in a price and you put in a slippage. Put in a price and you put in a slippage tolerance tolerance tolerance so it's likely more . so it's likely more so it's likely more it's I guess yeah no it's definitely. It's I guess yeah no it's definitely it's I guess yeah no it's definitely strict send with the slippage tolerance. Got it but the amount you send is set got it but the amount you send is set yeah it's just the the amount you. Yeah it's just the the amount you yeah it's just the the amount you receive is is undefined up to some limit. Receive is is undefined up to some limit receive is is undefined up to some limit. Yeah yeah yeah yeah I think this is function of yeah I think this is function of. Yeah I think this is function of requirements or is this a function of requirements or is this a function of. Requirements or is this a function of the you know for example token the you know for example token. The you know for example token interface and Improvement and interface interface and Improvement and interface. Interface and Improvement and interface yes like I can see eyes relate yes like I can see eyes relate. Yes like I can see eyes relate because I know that some things are because I know that some things are. Because I know that some things are definitely by product of the current definitely by product of the current. Definitely by product of the current design restrictions design restrictions design restrictions. certain blockchains so I wonder if certain blockchains so I wonder if certain blockchains so I wonder if. Here this is a really business here this is a really business here this is a really business. Requirement or requirement or requirement or just something that is a product of. just something that is a product of just something that is a product of token Heaven only strict sense. Token Heaven only strict sense token Heaven only strict sense yeah I hear you and and it is. Yeah I hear you and and it is yeah I hear you and and it is difficult to know I this is anecdotal. Difficult to know I this is anecdotal difficult to know I this is anecdotal but I can tell you that throughout the. But I can tell you that throughout the but I can tell you that throughout the the the beginning of Stellar we only. the the beginning of Stellar we only the the beginning of Stellar we only had like strict receive semantics and. Had like strict receive semantics and had like strict receive semantics and that was extremely confusing and when. That was extremely confusing and when that was extremely confusing and when we've added stricts and most people kind. We've added stricts and most people kind we've added stricts and most people kind. Of like migrated to that because it is of like migrated to that because it is of like migrated to that because it is. and and this is an assumption I think and and this is an assumption I think. and and this is an assumption I think it's it's it's a bit easier to perceive it's it's it's a bit easier to perceive. It's it's it's a bit easier to perceive you know I'm gonna put this amount in you know I'm gonna put this amount in. You know I'm gonna put this amount in and I recognize that the amount coming and I recognize that the amount coming. And I recognize that the amount coming out can be like dependent on market out can be like dependent on market. Out can be like dependent on market conditions the opposite and like the conditions the opposite and like the. Conditions the opposite and like the other side I think is a bit more other side I think is a bit more. Other side I think is a bit more confusing to people confusing to people confusing to people. So I don't necessarily think that having so I don't necessarily think that having. So I don't necessarily think that having only strict sense semantics is is that only strict sense semantics is is that. Only strict sense semantics is is that bad I am concerned about having an bad I am concerned about having an. Bad I am concerned about having an interface that is a bit convoluted and interface that is a bit convoluted and. Interface that is a bit convoluted and has you know too many expert functions has you know too many expert functions. Has you know too many expert functions by the way can we please stop saying by the way can we please stop saying. By the way can we please stop saying expert and like move to transfer expert and like move to transfer. Expert and like move to transfer functions will that happen soon functions will that happen soon. Functions will that happen soon yeah yeah yeah yeah actually as a pair yeah yeah yeah yeah actually as a pair. Yeah yeah yeah yeah actually as a pair of token in European discussion I of token in European discussion I. Of token in European discussion I think we should think we should think we should. migrate to longer function names I migrate to longer function names I migrate to longer function names I. Know that we allow up to 32 bytes we know that we allow up to 32 bytes we know that we allow up to 32 bytes we. Should collects for transfer and you should collects for transfer and you should collects for transfer and you. Know rename also terribly named know rename also terribly named know rename also terribly named. Functions that they're trying to fit functions that they're trying to fit functions that they're trying to fit. Into that character so yeah I think this into that character so yeah I think this. Into that character so yeah I think this should happen yeah I think in the chat should happen yeah I think in the chat. Should happen yeah I think in the chat everyone is excited about this yes let's everyone is excited about this yes let's. Everyone is excited about this yes let's have more understandable longer function. Have more understandable longer function have more understandable longer function. Names please names please names please so is there a proposal here is just not. So is there a proposal here is just not do it at all and do it at all and do it at all and. Live with only a strict send transfer live with only a strict send transfer. Live with only a strict send transfer because it is true that it is not because it is true that it is not. Because it is true that it is not impossible to just like even if you need impossible to just like even if you need. Impossible to just like even if you need restrict received behavior and even if restrict received behavior and even if. Restrict received behavior and even if you don't use allowance you still can do you don't use allowance you still can do. You don't use allowance you still can do it by for a transfer of the whole it by for a transfer of the whole. It by for a transfer of the whole amount and then refunding amount and then refunding. Amount and then refunding so that that's an option as well and so that that's an option as well and. so that that's an option as well and it keeps things simpler and you know it keeps things simpler and you know. It keeps things simpler and you know you find this useful we can extend the you find this useful we can extend the. You find this useful we can extend the token interface eventually token interface eventually. Token interface eventually yeah especially because this is you know yeah especially because this is you know. Yeah especially because this is you know this is you know we're not talking about. This is you know we're not talking about this is you know we're not talking about. Just a standard token right this is the just a standard token right this is the just a standard token right this is the. Token interface right so this is you token interface right so this is you token interface right so this is you. Know every implementer is going to have know every implementer is going to have know every implementer is going to have. To implement this and I do think that to implement this and I do think that. To implement this and I do think that we need to we need to we need to to as much as possible keep it simple. To as much as possible keep it simple to as much as possible keep it simple and you know say what you want about the. And you know say what you want about the and you know say what you want about the. Erc20 interface it is fairly simple and erc20 interface it is fairly simple and erc20 interface it is fairly simple and. I think there's something to learn from I think there's something to learn from I think there's something to learn from. That like this whole thing came up during like this whole thing came up during those next discussions and things like a. Those next discussions and things like a those next discussions and things like a. Lot of people were interested like what lot of people were interested like what lot of people were interested like what. If I need to send a volatile amount of if I need to send a volatile amount of if I need to send a volatile amount of. Token token token but if that's really more of a but if that's really more of a. but if that's really more of a hypothetical case and in reality it hypothetical case and in reality it. Hypothetical case and in reality it doesn't really matter much doesn't really matter much. Doesn't really matter much yeah I agree that we can just keep yeah I agree that we can just keep. yeah I agree that we can just keep interfaces important so unless someone has a very strong use. So unless someone has a very strong use case for transfer Max what's profit for case for transfer Max what's profit for. Case for transfer Max what's profit for now now now does everyone agree does everyone agree. Does everyone agree yeah any supporters of transfer Max want yeah any supporters of transfer Max want. Yeah any supporters of transfer Max want to speak now and then the next topic is allowances. and then the next topic is allowances and yeah I think there was some and yeah I think there was some. And yeah I think there was some controversy about this but controversy about this but. Controversy about this but basically what I like to have in the end basically what I like to have in the end. Basically what I like to have in the end which we may not necessarily achieve which we may not necessarily achieve. which we may not necessarily achieve but or anything that things like but or anything that things like. but or anything that things like persistent and limited nuances are persistent and limited nuances are. Persistent and limited nuances are inherently dangerous and I mean the inherently dangerous and I mean the. Inherently dangerous and I mean the luxury some data about millions of luxury some data about millions of. Luxury some data about millions of dollars was dollars was dollars was a persistent limited alliances on other. A persistent limited alliances on other a persistent limited alliances on other blockchains so. Blockchains so blockchains so I think there is some evidence that this I think there is some evidence that this. I think there is some evidence that this is not the best pattern is not the best pattern. Is not the best pattern to use to use to use but that said like series seemingly a. But that said like series seemingly a but that said like series seemingly a pretty narrow slice of cases where it. Pretty narrow slice of cases where it pretty narrow slice of cases where it might be useful it is still dangerous. Might be useful it is still dangerous might be useful it is still dangerous. But it could be useful like the case of but it could be useful like the case of but it could be useful like the case of. Recurring payment or subscription for that cases I think that for that cases I think that. Using account obstruction is using account obstruction is using account obstruction is. The correct quote-unquote solution the correct quote-unquote solution the correct quote-unquote solution. Because it enforces because it enforces because it enforces the actual recordings like when you. the actual recordings like when you the actual recordings like when you are doing a recurring payment the actual. Are doing a recurring payment the actual are doing a recurring payment the actual. Requirement is not I allows this requirement is not I allows this requirement is not I allows this. Contract to spend as much token on my contract to spend as much token on my contract to spend as much token on my. Behalf of the font but I allow this behalf of the font but I allow this behalf of the font but I allow this. Token to spend up to X token during the token to spend up to X token during the token to spend up to X token during the. Time period of and weeks or months or time period of and weeks or months or. Time period of and weeks or months or something right something right something right. so so so the question here is like if we want to the question here is like if we want to. The question here is like if we want to still have persistent allowances at all. Still have persistent allowances at all still have persistent allowances at all in the token interface. In the token interface in the token interface given that they count with certain. given that they count with certain given that they count with certain risks and another thing is. Risks and another thing is risks and another thing is again another proposal I had is just. Again another proposal I had is just again another proposal I had is just temporary allowance that exists only. Temporary allowance that exists only temporary allowance that exists only during the contract called execution and. During the contract called execution and during the contract called execution and. That's mostly useful for the cases that's mostly useful for the cases that's mostly useful for the cases. Similar to like which receive or similar to like which receive or similar to like which receive or. Maybe even something not converted than maybe even something not converted than maybe even something not converted than. That for that for that for you want to you want to you want to take the token from the user and. Take the token from the user and take the token from the user and it between several parties for. It between several parties for it between several parties for example again I recognize that's. Example again I recognize that's example again I recognize that's probably not the most useful use case. Probably not the most useful use case probably not the most useful use case necessarily and I have seen I have exact. Necessarily and I have seen I have exact necessarily and I have seen I have exact. Concerns about the need for the temp concerns about the need for the temp concerns about the need for the temp. Storage now but storage now but storage now but I feel like I feel like I feel like. At least if you are talking about all at least if you are talking about all at least if you are talking about all. Answers they will do much more answers they will do much more answers they will do much more. Comfortable with like temporary comfortable with like temporary comfortable with like temporary. Allowances because the main issue is allowances because the main issue is allowances because the main issue is. Persistent tolerances is that well persistent tolerances is that well persistent tolerances is that well. People just forget about them and then people just forget about them and then people just forget about them and then. You know it's in some way compromises and you would in some way compromises and you would. Lose your token without lose your token without lose your token without much actions from you whereas like when. Much actions from you whereas like when much actions from you whereas like when we are talking about something temporary. We are talking about something temporary we are talking about something temporary. It exists only business scope of a it exists only business scope of a it exists only business scope of a. Single transaction single transaction single transaction so yeah basically two questions wait. so yeah basically two questions wait so yeah basically two questions wait do you have any arguments for and. Do you have any arguments for and do you have any arguments for and against persistent allowances in. Against persistent allowances in against persistent allowances in token interface and if you have. Token interface and if you have token interface and if you have something against or maybe for. Something against or maybe for something against or maybe for the temporary allowances at all and. the temporary allowances at all and the temporary allowances at all and then we can decide like what do we do. Then we can decide like what do we do then we can decide like what do we do close. Close close the Nema around this concept of like the Nema around this concept of like. The Nema around this concept of like persistent using account abstraction persistent using account abstraction. Persistent using account abstraction instead of persistent allowances for instead of persistent allowances for. instead of persistent allowances for things like subscriptions can you ex can things like subscriptions can you ex can. Things like subscriptions can you ex can you like further explain how this how you like further explain how this how. You like further explain how this how this might work I don't fully understand this might work I don't fully understand. This might work I don't fully understand that yeah that yeah that yeah so I kind of abstraction allows you. so I kind of abstraction allows you so I kind of abstraction allows you to basically do signature OS. To basically do signature OS to basically do signature OS transactions so instead of. Transactions so instead of transactions so instead of making like like you know signing every. Making like like you know signing every making like like you know signing every operation done with your account what. Operation done with your account what operation done with your account what. You can have is that your account may you can have is that your account may you can have is that your account may. Have a function that you need to all have a function that you need to all have a function that you need to all. Tray such as for example at subscription tray such as for example at subscription. Tray such as for example at subscription or add your current payment or add your current payment. Or add your current payment is whatever requirements that is whatever requirements that . is whatever requirements that seem useful right for example span seem useful right for example span. Seem useful right for example span token X up to certain amount is in token X up to certain amount is in. Token X up to certain amount is in certain 10th window then may have certain 10th window then may have. Certain 10th window then may have certain options right how this time certain options right how this time. Certain options right how this time window window window it's been applied so I guess this. it's been applied so I guess this it's been applied so I guess this totally depends on the business. Totally depends on the business totally depends on the business requirements those opinions which is. Requirements those opinions which is requirements those opinions which is why. Why why like an alternative to that would be like an alternative to that would be. like an alternative to that would be to do some timed approvals for the token to do some timed approvals for the token. To do some timed approvals for the token but it seems really complicated for but it seems really complicated for. But it seems really complicated for something as simple as token interface something as simple as token interface. Something as simple as token interface right because right because right because there may be different requirements. there may be different requirements there may be different requirements for this and typically are like. For this and typically are like for this and typically are like recurring payments is just one example. Recurring payments is just one example recurring payments is just one example like there are other examples where you. Like there are other examples where you like there are other examples where you can have a session or something but. Can have a session or something but can have a session or something but anyway anyway. Anyway so you have a function that says add so you have a function that says add. so you have a function that says add a subscription right you authorize it a subscription right you authorize it. A subscription right you authorize it and write an entry owned by your account and write an entry owned by your account. And write an entry owned by your account to The Ledger then describes this to The Ledger then describes this. To The Ledger then describes this subscription subscription subscription and then when someone tries to authorize. And then when someone tries to authorize and then when someone tries to authorize. Something on behalf of your account something on behalf of your account something on behalf of your account. depending likely to arguments maybe depending likely to arguments maybe depending likely to arguments maybe. Whatever your contract decides to do but whatever your contract decides to do but. Whatever your contract decides to do but the point is that instead of verifying the point is that instead of verifying. The point is that instead of verifying some signature it would expect some signature it would expect. Some signature it would expect the code to have no signature at all the code to have no signature at all. the code to have no signature at all but instead it would expect a certain but instead it would expect a certain. But instead it would expect a certain entry being present in so edgers for entry being present in so edgers for. Entry being present in so edgers for example in case of the recurrent payment example in case of the recurrent payment. Example in case of the recurrent payment you would expect that if a contract you would expect that if a contract. You would expect that if a contract tries to call a token transfer on your tries to call a token transfer on your. Tries to call a token transfer on your behalf without any signatures and it behalf without any signatures and it. Behalf without any signatures and it must have a subscription and then it must have a subscription and then it. Must have a subscription and then it would fetch a subscription from The would fetch a subscription from The. Would fetch a subscription from The Ledger verifies that the send amount Ledger verifies that the send amount. Ledger verifies that the send amount does not exceed the remaining balance does not exceed the remaining balance. Does not exceed the remaining balance for the subscription for the subscription for the subscription. And if so it would allows it would it be fair to say the advantage of would it be fair to say the advantage of. Doing the doing the doing the account abstraction approach to account abstraction approach to. Account abstraction approach to subscriptions is it lets the code live subscriptions is it lets the code live. Subscriptions is it lets the code live in the actual wallet and be more in the actual wallet and be more. In the actual wallet and be more complicated that way versus just being complicated that way versus just being. Complicated that way versus just being implemented as like an approval implemented as like an approval. Implemented as like an approval mechanism in the token which is a bit mechanism in the token which is a bit. Mechanism in the token which is a bit yeah yeah so there's already a couple of yeah yeah so there's already a couple of. Yeah yeah so there's already a couple of NHS one is customization like you NHS one is customization like you. NHS one is customization like you don't need to attach the token interface don't need to attach the token interface. Don't need to attach the token interface and you don't need to restrict yourself and you don't need to restrict yourself. And you don't need to restrict yourself to tokens right you might also you know to tokens right you might also you know. To tokens right you might also you know I'll try some text to trade your I'll try some text to trade your. I'll try some text to trade your entities or something like like I'm entities or something like like I'm. Entities or something like like I'm making this happen it's a bad example making this happen it's a bad example. Making this happen it's a bad example but you get the idea it's not limited to but you get the idea it's not limited to. But you get the idea it's not limited to token and it's not yeah like like token and it's not yeah like like . Token and it's not yeah like like certain way of defining the time balance certain way of defining the time balance. Certain way of defining the time balance for example for example for example and another Advantage is that you are. And another Advantage is that you are and another Advantage is that you are the owner of the account. The owner of the account the owner of the account which again in case of which again in case of . which again in case of persistent allowances for example the persistent allowances for example the. Persistent allowances for example the allowance is delegated to a third party allowance is delegated to a third party. Allowance is delegated to a third party you have no control over it and if you have no control over it and if. you have no control over it and if it's compromised you're in that it's compromised you're in that. It's compromised you're in that situation here situation here situation here you will be screwed only if your. you will be screwed only if your you will be screwed only if your account is compromised but I mean that's. Account is compromised but I mean that's account is compromised but I mean that's. A general problem of any account but at a general problem of any account but at a general problem of any account but at. Least you do not put any additional least you do not put any additional least you do not put any additional. Trust to the third party like you just trust to the third party like you just trust to the third party like you just. Define rules that for the third party to Define rules that for the third party to. Define rules that for the third party to use your funds sorry go ahead sorry go ahead. like for this it sounds like you need like for this it sounds like you need. like for this it sounds like you need special accounts that can actually special accounts that can actually . Special accounts that can actually handle the logic for like handle the logic for like. Handle the logic for like understanding subscriptions but also understanding subscriptions but also. Understanding subscriptions but also you're kind of like delegated you're you're kind of like delegated you're. You're kind of like delegated you're moving the responsibility of like the moving the responsibility of like the. Moving the responsibility of like the subscription logic subscription logic subscription logic. From the you know from the merchant to from the you know from the merchant to from the you know from the merchant to. The account like what do we expect that the account like what do we expect that the account like what do we expect that. Merchants are going to program accounts Merchants are going to program accounts Merchants are going to program accounts. For users to do this I'm a bit confused for users to do this I'm a bit confused for users to do this I'm a bit confused. yeah that's definitely a general yeah that's definitely a general yeah that's definitely a general. Issue issue issue while account obstruction seems like while account obstruction seems like. while account obstruction seems like a nice idea like in reality they have a nice idea like in reality they have. A nice idea like in reality they have already a ton of Stellar accounts already a ton of Stellar accounts . Already a ton of Stellar accounts answer right that you know I would answer right that you know I would. Answer right that you know I would imagine the apps would want to build for. Imagine the apps would want to build for imagine the apps would want to build for. which is why which is why which is why I'm not saying necessarily this is a. I'm not saying necessarily this is a I'm not saying necessarily this is a Only Solution I'm just saying that it is. Only Solution I'm just saying that it is Only Solution I'm just saying that it is. An architecturally good solution and an architecturally good solution and an architecturally good solution and. It's good from the security standpoint it's good from the security standpoint it's good from the security standpoint. And in order to kind of mitigate the and in order to kind of mitigate the and in order to kind of mitigate the. Issue of you know for example Quest issue of you know for example Quest issue of you know for example Quest. Extra account not supporting anything extra account not supporting anything extra account not supporting anything. Like that I had another proposal here on like that I had another proposal here on. Like that I had another proposal here on this card code extensible accounts and this card code extensible accounts and. This card code extensible accounts and what it comes down to is that what it comes down to is that. What it comes down to is that you basically kind of can add you basically kind of can add. You basically kind of can add delegations for your account to delegate delegations for your account to delegate. Delegations for your account to delegate authorization from your main account to authorization from your main account to. Authorization from your main account to another account and think of it way another account and think of it way. Another account and think of it way because adding a module for example you because adding a module for example you. Because adding a module for example you can have a classic store account with a can have a classic store account with a. Can have a classic store account with a subscriptions module obviously someone subscriptions module obviously someone. Subscriptions module obviously someone needs to write this module account needs to write this module account. Needs to write this module account doesn't have to be Merchant it can be doesn't have to be Merchant it can be. doesn't have to be Merchant it can be you know one library that provides it you know one library that provides it. You know one library that provides it so it is an unzero amount of work so it is an unzero amount of work. so it is an unzero amount of work obviously but if shareable is one is obviously but if shareable is one is. Obviously but if shareable is one is there a some standards like hey it's there a some standards like hey it's. There a some standards like hey it's module standards allows to do module standards allows to do. Module standards allows to do subscriptions for example so anyone who subscriptions for example so anyone who. Subscriptions for example so anyone who can or who wants to do subscriptions can or who wants to do subscriptions. Can or who wants to do subscriptions just needs to make sure that kind of has just needs to make sure that kind of has. Just needs to make sure that kind of has this module this module this module again this is just a proposal I. again this is just a proposal I again this is just a proposal I had and I think it's also applicable. Had and I think it's also applicable had and I think it's also applicable to the more broad case of a I want to. To the more broad case of a I want to to the more broad case of a I want to. Do something interesting with custom do something interesting with custom do something interesting with custom. Account contracts but I'm worried about account contracts but I'm worried about account contracts but I'm worried about. And working so these extensions it is and working so these extensions it is and working so these extensions it is. Possible you know you don't require a possible you know you don't require a possible you know you don't require a. User to just migrate to your account user to just migrate to your account user to just migrate to your account. Implementation necessarily but implementation necessarily but implementation necessarily but. you you just allows them to reuse you you just allows them to reuse you you just allows them to reuse. Their main account address but benefit their main account address but benefit their main account address but benefit. From some new features from some new features from some new features which I think maybe generally useful. which I think maybe generally useful which I think maybe generally useful thing to have or adoption of customer. Thing to have or adoption of customer thing to have or adoption of customer. Accounts the accounts the accounts the extensible accounts thing is super. Extensible accounts thing is super extensible accounts thing is super interesting. Interesting interesting I think it ties in really closely I think it ties in really closely. I think it ties in really closely with contract upgrades with contract upgrades. With contract upgrades because accounts are generally you know because accounts are generally you know. Because accounts are generally you know really long-lived and you want to be really long-lived and you want to be. Really long-lived and you want to be able to upgrade like if the subscription able to upgrade like if the subscription. Able to upgrade like if the subscription interface is a new thing interface is a new thing. Interface is a new thing or there's like subscription to V2 right or there's like subscription to V2 right. Or there's like subscription to V2 right you don't want to be stuck with your you don't want to be stuck with your. You don't want to be stuck with your smart contract wallet being smart contract wallet being. Smart contract wallet being on a previous version yeah on a previous version yeah. On a previous version yeah and yeah and I guess the good thing and yeah and I guess the good thing. And yeah and I guess the good thing about it that kind of allows for about it that kind of allows for. About it that kind of allows for experimentation because I experimentation because I. Experimentation because I to be completely honest I have my doubts to be completely honest I have my doubts. To be completely honest I have my doubts about like about like about like general adoption of account abstraction. General adoption of account abstraction general adoption of account abstraction if you just say hey you are the store. If you just say hey you are the store if you just say hey you are the store account but you can also build your own. Account but you can also build your own account but you can also build your own things it seems like a pretty daunting. Things it seems like a pretty daunting things it seems like a pretty daunting task and you know if you can at least. Task and you know if you can at least task and you know if you can at least build things in a model or fashion. Build things in a model or fashion build things in a model or fashion hopefully there will be more use for. Hopefully there will be more use for hopefully there will be more use for that that. That yeah that's that I realized like this yeah that's that I realized like this. yeah that's that I realized like this might be a separate discussion week if might be a separate discussion week if. Might be a separate discussion week if not everyone has read this proposal not everyone has read this proposal. Not everyone has read this proposal I would feel okay ish it's just leaving. Would feel okay ish it's just leaving would feel okay ish it's just leaving the persistent alone Soldier and adding. The persistent alone Soldier and adding the persistent alone Soldier and adding a disclaimer about wait don't use this. A disclaimer about wait don't use this a disclaimer about wait don't use this unless you after. Unless you after unless you after as a simplest solution but you know as a simplest solution but you know. as a simplest solution but you know my last tense is basically that I really my last tense is basically that I really. My last tense is basically that I really sooner or later we should just get rid sooner or later we should just get rid. Sooner or later we should just get rid of that and provide on abstraction for of that and provide on abstraction for. Of that and provide on abstraction for that yeah it's just it custom that yeah it's just it custom. That yeah it's just it custom inexpensable accounts inexpensable accounts inexpensable accounts. Yeah it sounds like there's a tension yeah it sounds like there's a tension yeah it sounds like there's a tension. Here between like what is kind of here between like what is kind of here between like what is kind of. Like secure and has like you know like secure and has like you know like secure and has like you know. Proper architecture elegant and like proper architecture elegant and like proper architecture elegant and like. Extensible versus what is extensible versus what is extensible versus what is you know kind of like simple and. you know kind of like simple and you know kind of like simple and generalizable which is like what we have. Generalizable which is like what we have generalizable which is like what we have. Right now with right now with right now with the persistent allowances my my vote is. The persistent allowances my my vote is the persistent allowances my my vote is to keep persistent allowances there. To keep persistent allowances there to keep persistent allowances there because. because because if we're going to if we're going to if we're going to. You know rely on people implementing you know rely on people implementing you know rely on people implementing. Their own account abstraction or account their own account abstraction or account. Their own account abstraction or account abstraction like modules for abstraction like modules for. Abstraction like modules for subscriptions then I think that's a bit subscriptions then I think that's a bit. Subscriptions then I think that's a bit of a high barrier of Entry of a high barrier of Entry. Of a high barrier of Entry I wonder how popular subscriptions are I wonder how popular subscriptions are. I wonder how popular subscriptions are in general how comfortable I have people in general how comfortable I have people. In general how comfortable I have people with them especially when it's done in with them especially when it's done in. With them especially when it's done in the form of I just given a limited the form of I just given a limited. The form of I just given a limited allowance to this contract so I'm not allowance to this contract so I'm not. Allowance to this contract so I'm not necessarily convinced that this is like necessarily convinced that this is like. Necessarily convinced that this is like a super strong use case in general but a super strong use case in general but. A super strong use case in general but you know as I said like you know as I said like. You know as I said like if you add some disclaimers and say that if you add some disclaimers and say that. If you add some disclaimers and say that you know like this is us next and visits. You know like this is us next and visits you know like this is us next and visits. Our us framework whatever our us framework whatever our us framework whatever you should be able to avoid this in. you should be able to avoid this in you should be able to avoid this in like 95 of the cases. Like 95 of the cases like 95 of the cases hopefully that's good enough because. hopefully that's good enough because hopefully that's good enough because really the the kissing like why I. Really the the kissing like why I really the the kissing like why I started this topic at all is that in. Started this topic at all is that in started this topic at all is that in reality you shouldn't need allowances at. Reality you shouldn't need allowances at reality you shouldn't need allowances at. All like most of the time right all like most of the time right all like most of the time right. Yeah I would say that subscriptions yeah I would say that subscriptions yeah I would say that subscriptions. Right now in crypto are definitely not right now in crypto are definitely not right now in crypto are definitely not. There yet but in the world of merchant there yet but in the world of merchant there yet but in the world of merchant. Payments they're huge and we can't we payments they're huge and we can't we payments they're huge and we can't we. Can't ignore it if if we do believe can't ignore it if if we do believe can't ignore it if if we do believe. In kind of like you know wide adoption in kind of like you know wide adoption in kind of like you know wide adoption. Of yeah definitely but but I guess the of yeah definitely but but I guess the of yeah definitely but but I guess the. Question is here rather like would question is here rather like would question is here rather like would. You want a simple but insecure solution you want a simple but insecure solution you want a simple but insecure solution. Or you know should be right let's try or you know should be right let's try or you know should be right let's try. For providing proper secure support for providing proper secure support for providing proper secure support. and and I don't think they're not and and I don't think they're not. and and I don't think they're not they're necessarily like mutually they're necessarily like mutually. They're necessarily like mutually exclusive right if you know if we do exclusive right if you know if we do. Exclusive right if you know if we do have persistent allowances and we come have persistent allowances and we come. Have persistent allowances and we come up with like a better mechanism through up with like a better mechanism through. Up with like a better mechanism through like like like you know abstraction that's great. you know abstraction that's great you know abstraction that's great but I think just having something. but I think just having something but I think just having something that is kind of like a simple. That is kind of like a simple that is kind of like a simple catch-all mechanism is still worth. Catch-all mechanism is still worth catch-all mechanism is still worth having having. Having yeah it just means we need to support yeah it just means we need to support. Yeah it just means we need to support persistent approvals forever and persistent approvals forever and. Persistent approvals forever and everyone implements a token does as well everyone implements a token does as well. Everyone implements a token does as well because it's part of the token interface. Yeah which is which is you know For yeah which is which is you know For Better or For Worse is an established. Better or For Worse is an established Better or For Worse is an established practice like across. Practice like across practice like across the ecosystem right yeah again coming the ecosystem right yeah again coming. The ecosystem right yeah again coming back to the collection of requirements back to the collection of requirements. Back to the collection of requirements versus limitations and reasonably versus limitations and reasonably. Versus limitations and reasonably certain that persistent allowances certain that persistent allowances. Certain that persistent allowances are a result of the limitations of are a result of the limitations of. Are a result of the limitations of experiment right Reliance on that experiment right Reliance on that. Experiment right Reliance on that single subscribers single signer and single subscribers single signer and. Single subscribers single signer and a single call right a single call right a single call right. they really are not needed most of they really are not needed most of they really are not needed most of. The time so my main concern would be the time so my main concern would be the time so my main concern would be. Really not about the subscriptions really not about the subscriptions really not about the subscriptions. Necessarily but about just people music necessarily but about just people music necessarily but about just people music. Out of an art of habit again they are out of an art of habit again they are. Out of an art of habit again they are not needed most of the time I think not needed most of the time I think. Not needed most of the time I think that's that's that's that's an important point about sort of. That's an important point about sort of that's an important point about sort of one knows right it shouldn't make. One knows right it shouldn't make one knows right it shouldn't make balances and there generally and so. Balances and there generally and so balances and there generally and so but I mean as long as you can make this. But I mean as long as you can make this but I mean as long as you can make this clear. Clear clear hopefully that's okay yeah I hopefully that's okay yeah I hopefully that's okay yeah I. Definitely agree and I think that both definitely agree and I think that both definitely agree and I think that both. In the documentation and in wallets that in the documentation and in wallets that. In the documentation and in wallets that Implement signing these there needs to Implement signing these there needs to. Implement signing these there needs to be there needs to be kind of like be there needs to be kind of like . Be there needs to be kind of like you know huge big red warnings whatever you know huge big red warnings whatever. You know huge big red warnings whatever you sign you actually sign in allowance you sign you actually sign in allowance. You sign you actually sign in allowance because users because users because users. Shouldn't be doing this on a regular shouldn't be doing this on a regular shouldn't be doing this on a regular. Basis yeah yeah as long as you say that yeah yeah yeah as long as you say that yeah. It's reserved for some specific use it's reserved for some specific use it's reserved for some specific use. Cases I was gonna say yeah I agree the smart I was gonna say yeah I agree the smart. Contract subscription model smart contract subscription model smart contract subscription model smart. Contract wallet model for that is contract wallet model for that is contract wallet model for that is. Definitely better definitely better definitely better and it's nicer and it's nicer. And it's nicer but it opens a huge can of worms in but it opens a huge can of worms in. but it opens a huge can of worms in particular around like particular around like. Particular around like you've approved you've approved you've approved with the approval model you can say to. With the approval model you can say to with the approval model you can say to the user you've approved this amount for. The user you've approved this amount for the user you've approved this amount for. These wallet transfers right which is these wallet transfers right which is these wallet transfers right which is. Kind of easy to understand kind of easy to understand kind of easy to understand but if you're getting into like more. but if you're getting into like more but if you're getting into like more advanced logic within the smart contract. Advanced logic within the smart contract advanced logic within the smart contract. Well that's a big ux well that's a big ux well that's a big ux challenge to explain that to users in a. Challenge to explain that to users in a challenge to explain that to users in a way they can understand which like we're. Way they can understand which like we're way they can understand which like we're. Not going to solve in the next six not going to solve in the next six not going to solve in the next six. Months months months given everything else we have to do yeah I mean that's definitely about a. Yeah I mean that's definitely about a week week week that's the same right right there is. That's the same right right there is that's the same right right there is some upfront cost before we get nice. Some upfront cost before we get nice some upfront cost before we get nice things things. Things yeah yeah I'm sure people in the yeah yeah I'm sure people in the yeah yeah I'm sure people in the. Community are looking into that community are looking into that community are looking into that. could be a pretty nice to build on could be a pretty nice to build on could be a pretty nice to build on. Top of this account obstruction top of this account obstruction top of this account obstruction. Framework but yeah I definitely framework but yeah I definitely framework but yeah I definitely. Recognize that it is a pretty high entry recognize that it is a pretty high entry. Recognize that it is a pretty high entry cost right because I mean those wallet cost right because I mean those wallet. Cost right because I mean those wallet support and punching support so yeah not support and punching support so yeah not. Support and punching support so yeah not sure how we will perseverance sure how we will perseverance. Sure how we will perseverance so it sounds it looks like we're on so it sounds it looks like we're on. so it sounds it looks like we're on we're on time we're on time we're on time. I would say I think for now it I would say I think for now it I would say I think for now it. Sounds like we're leaning towards sounds like we're leaning towards sounds like we're leaning towards. Keeping persistent keeping persistent keeping persistent approvals approvals. approvals Precision allowances and we probably Precision allowances and we probably. Precision allowances and we probably need to further discuss the idea of need to further discuss the idea of. Need to further discuss the idea of temporary allowances temporary allowances temporary allowances. but but but we'll push that to next week cool well thank you so much have a. cool well thank you so much have a great day y'all see you next week.
