Hello everyone and welcome to this hello everyone and welcome to this week's uh Stella developer meeting today. Week's uh Stella developer meeting today week's uh Stella developer meeting today. Um we have the team from blend joining um we have the team from blend joining um we have the team from blend joining. Us uh for a code walkr in support of us uh for a code walkr in support of us uh for a code walkr in support of. Their exciting news security Initiative their exciting news security Initiative their exciting news security Initiative. For the Stell ecosystem I'm Carson as for the Stell ecosystem I'm Carson as for the Stell ecosystem I'm Carson as. Usual from the SDF Dev team and um and usual from the SDF Dev team and um and usual from the SDF Dev team and um and. Alex will join us from script 3 and amen Alex will join us from script 3 and amen. Alex will join us from script 3 and amen from Satur uh to set the stage here uh from Satur uh to set the stage here uh. From Satur uh to set the stage here uh blend is getting ready to launch their blend is getting ready to launch their. Blend is getting ready to launch their blend V2 and in preparation for that blend V2 and in preparation for that. Blend V2 and in preparation for that they're opening up that code and for they're opening up that code and for. They're opening up that code and for groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking. $125,000 in usdc competition focused on $125,000 in usdc competition focused on $125,000 in usdc competition focused on. Securing lend V2 through both a securing lend V2 through both a securing lend V2 through both a. Competitive auditing and a formal competitive auditing and a formal competitive auditing and a formal. Verification this is the first ever open verification this is the first ever open. Verification this is the first ever open competition competitive audit and formal. Competition competitive audit and formal competition competitive audit and formal. Uh verification competition within the uh verification competition within the uh verification competition within the. Stella ecosystem so it's an amazing Stella ecosystem so it's an amazing Stella ecosystem so it's an amazing. Opportunity for Stella devs to try their opportunity for Stella devs to try their. Opportunity for Stella devs to try their hand on competing to find bugs and write. Hand on competing to find bugs and write hand on competing to find bugs and write. Formal verification rules I just get formal verification rules I just get formal verification rules I just get. More familiar with blend in general so more familiar with blend in general so more familiar with blend in general so. Um I'll post a link to how to sign up um I'll post a link to how to sign up um I'll post a link to how to sign up. For the competition the competition for the competition the competition for the competition the competition. Started this Monday so it is open uh but started this Monday so it is open uh but. Started this Monday so it is open uh but let me now introduce let me now introduce. Let me now introduce Alex hello thanks for having me welcome Alex hello thanks for having me welcome. Alex hello thanks for having me welcome Alex um do you just let me know when I am. Um do you just let me know when I am ready to get running go ahead you are ready to get running go ahead you are. Ready to get running go ahead you are all right perfect your screen all right all right perfect your screen all right. All right perfect your screen all right thank you uh so yeah I am Alex you might thank you uh so yeah I am Alex you might. Thank you uh so yeah I am Alex you might see me online as mots2 and I'm the lead see me online as mots2 and I'm the lead. See me online as mots2 and I'm the lead developer at script 3 and we developed developer at script 3 and we developed. Developer at script 3 and we developed uh blend which is a universal liquidity uh blend which is a universal liquidity. Uh blend which is a universal liquidity protocol primitive uh just a quick protocol primitive uh just a quick. Protocol primitive uh just a quick overview what we're going to run through overview what we're going to run through. Overview what we're going to run through we might go a wee bit fast because we might go a wee bit fast because. We might go a wee bit fast because there's a lot of stuff to cover um but there's a lot of stuff to cover um but. There's a lot of stuff to cover um but I'll give you guys a quick for those who I'll give you guys a quick for those who. I'll give you guys a quick for those who aren't familiar uh just a quick aren't familiar uh just a quick. Aren't familiar uh just a quick breakdown of what blend is um how the breakdown of what blend is um how the. Breakdown of what blend is um how the actual contracts all work together um actual contracts all work together um. Actual contracts all work together um and then I'll run into the code and kind and then I'll run into the code and kind. And then I'll run into the code and kind of the main thing I'll try and focus on of the main thing I'll try and focus on. Of the main thing I'll try and focus on uh for those uh doing the auto uh for those uh doing the auto. Uh for those uh doing the auto competition is really going to be um how competition is really going to be um how. Competition is really going to be um how we test blend and specifically if there we test blend and specifically if there. We test blend and specifically if there is some kind of bug or thing you found is some kind of bug or thing you found. Is some kind of bug or thing you found within blend V2 uh kind of some tips and within blend V2 uh kind of some tips and. Within blend V2 uh kind of some tips and tricks on how you it might be a bit tricks on how you it might be a bit. Tricks on how you it might be a bit easier to prove um that something is in easier to prove um that something is in. Easier to prove um that something is in fact wrong um so yeah blend is a fact wrong um so yeah blend is a. Fact wrong um so yeah blend is a universal liquidity protocol primitive universal liquidity protocol primitive. Universal liquidity protocol primitive and what does that mean uh basically and what does that mean uh basically. And what does that mean uh basically blend is a tool that allows uh you know blend is a tool that allows uh you know. Blend is a tool that allows uh you know companies people who are crypto natives companies people who are crypto natives. Companies people who are crypto natives really any entity that wants a lending really any entity that wants a lending. Really any entity that wants a lending Market to actually go ahead and have one Market to actually go ahead and have one. Market to actually go ahead and have one um so lending markets the crypto are um so lending markets the crypto are. Um so lending markets the crypto are just places where people can uh land in just places where people can uh land in. Just places where people can uh land in BIO assets from each other and one thing BIO assets from each other and one thing. BIO assets from each other and one thing that blend does is blend basically comes. That blend does is blend basically comes that blend does is blend basically comes. With an automatic back stop module which with an automatic back stop module which. With an automatic back stop module which acts as uh Insurance bad debt protection. Acts as uh Insurance bad debt protection acts as uh Insurance bad debt protection. And also scam protection and and these and also scam protection and and these and also scam protection and and these. Things these are funded by anyone uh and things these are funded by anyone uh and. Things these are funded by anyone uh and kind of the way this all works together kind of the way this all works together. Kind of the way this all works together is the pool will give some portion of is the pool will give some portion of. Is the pool will give some portion of the interest it generates out to the the interest it generates out to the. The interest it generates out to the back stop module such that it can back stop module such that it can. Back stop module such that it can provide uh that that layer of insurance provide uh that that layer of insurance. Provide uh that that layer of insurance for the for the for the protocol um that's just a really brief. Protocol um that's just a really brief protocol um that's just a really brief intro as to what blend does um I want to. Intro as to what blend does um I want to intro as to what blend does um I want to. Touch on first uh actually how the touch on first uh actually how the touch on first uh actually how the. Contracts all work together since been contracts all work together since been contracts all work together since been. Looking at this from a security looking at this from a security looking at this from a security. Perspective knowing how uh the main perspective knowing how uh the main perspective knowing how uh the main. Components of blend interact um is components of blend interact um is components of blend interact um is. Pretty vitol so kind of the really like pretty vitol so kind of the really like pretty vitol so kind of the really like. Cornerstone part of blend is the emitter Cornerstone part of blend is the emitter. Cornerstone part of blend is the emitter contract uh this doesn't have very many contract uh this doesn't have very many. Contract uh this doesn't have very many responsibilities it's core one is going responsibilities it's core one is going. Responsibilities it's core one is going to roughly Define the admin protocol to roughly Define the admin protocol. To roughly Define the admin protocol token in this case is blend um secondly token in this case is blend um secondly. Token in this case is blend um secondly it's responsible for defining the back it's responsible for defining the back. It's responsible for defining the back stop module now the back stop module is stop module now the back stop module is. Stop module now the back stop module is like I said earlier the contract that like I said earlier the contract that. Like I said earlier the contract that basically holds all of the insurance basically holds all of the insurance. Basically holds all of the insurance funds for the blend pools uh insurance funds for the blend pools uh insurance. Funds for the blend pools uh insurance in this case are going to be um blend in this case are going to be um blend. In this case are going to be um blend usdc LP tokens so there is a common amm usdc LP tokens so there is a common amm. Usdc LP tokens so there is a common amm it's for those familiar with evm it's it's for those familiar with evm it's. It's for those familiar with evm it's basically balancer um but it's just an basically balancer um but it's just an. Basically balancer um but it's just an LP token for blend LP token for blend LP token for blend. Usdc um its main responsibility is it usdc um its main responsibility is it usdc um its main responsibility is it. Actually controls the state of the pool actually controls the state of the pool actually controls the state of the pool. So if you have a lending market and so if you have a lending market and so if you have a lending market and. There's a back stop module the back stop there's a back stop module the back stop. There's a back stop module the back stop module actually has the ability to turn module actually has the ability to turn. Module actually has the ability to turn the pool on and off so for example if the pool on and off so for example if. The pool on and off so for example if something happens to a pool or it gets something happens to a pool or it gets. Something happens to a pool or it gets exploited some Oracle goes wrong um the exploited some Oracle goes wrong um the. Exploited some Oracle goes wrong um the back stop module actually has the back stop module actually has the. Back stop module actually has the ability to disable borrowing for the ability to disable borrowing for the. Ability to disable borrowing for the pool um secondly it's also the first pool um secondly it's also the first. Pool um secondly it's also the first less capital in the event of any bad less capital in the event of any bad. Less capital in the event of any bad debt and uh those that might not know debt and uh those that might not know. Debt and uh those that might not know bad debt is basically the case where um bad debt is basically the case where um. Bad debt is basically the case where um a user has liabilities and they have no a user has liabilities and they have no. A user has liabilities and they have no collateral to cover it so the protocol collateral to cover it so the protocol. Collateral to cover it so the protocol has to take a loss on that debt um has to take a loss on that debt um. Has to take a loss on that debt um secondly it also manages the blend secondly it also manages the blend. Secondly it also manages the blend emissions so the protocol basically emissions so the protocol basically. Emissions so the protocol basically starting from the emitter blend tokens starting from the emitter blend tokens. Starting from the emitter blend tokens will get sent to the back stop module will get sent to the back stop module. Will get sent to the back stop module and it's the back stop module's and it's the back stop module's. And it's the back stop module's responsibility to send it to all of the responsibility to send it to all of the. Responsibility to send it to all of the pools within the blend pools within the blend. Pools within the blend ecosystem um within the backstop module ecosystem um within the backstop module. Ecosystem um within the backstop module uh it also defines a pool Factory uh uh it also defines a pool Factory uh. Uh it also defines a pool Factory uh this thing drops pretty simple it's a this thing drops pretty simple it's a. This thing drops pretty simple it's a contract that contains a pool wasum and contract that contains a pool wasum and. Contract that contains a pool wasum and for any pool that's created uh this is for any pool that's created uh this is. For any pool that's created uh this is the thing that validates that this is in the thing that validates that this is in. The thing that validates that this is in fact a blend pool and it is the exact fact a blend pool and it is the exact. Fact a blend pool and it is the exact contract that we expect to be deployed contract that we expect to be deployed. Contract that we expect to be deployed um and then the meat and potatoes of the um and then the meat and potatoes of the. Um and then the meat and potatoes of the protocol is going to be the actual pool protocol is going to be the actual pool. Protocol is going to be the actual pool uh this is kind of the sort of a part of uh this is kind of the sort of a part of. Uh this is kind of the sort of a part of the part of the whole protocol um it is the part of the whole protocol um it is. The part of the whole protocol um it is the place where people can go and lend the place where people can go and lend. The place where people can go and lend and borrow reserves um so there's tons and borrow reserves um so there's tons. And borrow reserves um so there's tons of different ways you can set things up of different ways you can set things up. Of different ways you can set things up uh but this is kind of the place where uh but this is kind of the place where. Uh but this is kind of the place where um all the lending and borrowing occurs um all the lending and borrowing occurs. Um all the lending and borrowing occurs and kind of where most user interaction and kind of where most user interaction. And kind of where most user interaction will end up taking will end up taking will end up taking. Place um so I know that was really fast place um so I know that was really fast place um so I know that was really fast. But hopefully is this is being recorded but hopefully is this is being recorded but hopefully is this is being recorded. Right Caren I think it is I'll take that as a Caren I think it is I'll take that as a. Yes um y it's recorded perfect so yeah yes um y it's recorded perfect so yeah yes um y it's recorded perfect so yeah. We can go we can go probably go back and we can go we can go probably go back and. We can go we can go probably go back and watch that over if anything was missed watch that over if anything was missed. Watch that over if anything was missed and I'm also available on Discord if uh and I'm also available on Discord if uh. And I'm also available on Discord if uh you want to ask further questions um but you want to ask further questions um but. You want to ask further questions um but we will jump to the actual codes since we will jump to the actual codes since. We will jump to the actual codes since that's probably what a lot of you all that's probably what a lot of you all. That's probably what a lot of you all are interested in are interested in are interested in. Um so I'll give a quick breakdown of how um so I'll give a quick breakdown of how. Um so I'll give a quick breakdown of how contracts actually um exist in soron and. Contracts actually um exist in soron and contracts actually um exist in soron and. Then we can start trying to dig through then we can start trying to dig through then we can start trying to dig through. Some of how this how our codes actually some of how this how our codes actually some of how this how our codes actually. Tested um so for those that aren't tested um so for those that aren't tested um so for those that aren't. Familiar um The Way We have set up our familiar um The Way We have set up our familiar um The Way We have set up our. Soron repository is you'll notice that soron repository is you'll notice that soron repository is you'll notice that. All of the core contracts that I talked all of the core contracts that I talked all of the core contracts that I talked. About earlier are located within their about earlier are located within their about earlier are located within their. Own folder so for example all the code own folder so for example all the code own folder so for example all the code. For the back stops within the back stop for the back stops within the back stop for the back stops within the back stop. Folder pool within the pool pool Factory folder pool within the pool pool Factory. Folder pool within the pool pool Factory Etc Etc Etc um each contract has a contract. RS file. Um each contract has a contract. RS file um each contract has a contract. RS file. This is really the entry point and this is really the entry point and this is really the entry point and. Interaction point for the contract so um interaction point for the contract so um. Interaction point for the contract so um you'll you you'll notice that in soran you'll you you'll notice that in soran. You'll you you'll notice that in soran there are these macros contract contract there are these macros contract contract. There are these macros contract contract client these are really the things that client these are really the things that. Client these are really the things that defined how users actually can call into defined how users actually can call into. Defined how users actually can call into the contract so anything that's public the contract so anything that's public. The contract so anything that's public facing um is part of this part of this facing um is part of this part of this. Facing um is part of this part of this trait and will be implemented for the trait and will be implemented for the. Trait and will be implemented for the back stop contract stru um this is also back stop contract stru um this is also. Back stop contract stru um this is also the location where where we probably the location where where we probably. The location where where we probably have all of the most user-facing have all of the most user-facing. Have all of the most user-facing documentation for each of the functions documentation for each of the functions. Documentation for each of the functions so if you're ever curious about uh so if you're ever curious about uh. So if you're ever curious about uh what's available on a contract what the what's available on a contract what the. What's available on a contract what the arguments mean um this file will be the arguments mean um this file will be the. Arguments mean um this file will be the place where they're documented place where they're documented. Place where they're documented um so yeah and there's also a contract um so yeah and there's also a contract. Um so yeah and there's also a contract implementation macro so this will be the implementation macro so this will be the. Implementation macro so this will be the place where a a Constructor is defined place where a a Constructor is defined. Place where a a Constructor is defined um so this is basically called when the um so this is basically called when the. Um so this is basically called when the contract's first deployed and can never contract's first deployed and can never. Contract's first deployed and can never be invoked again and there's also the be invoked again and there's also the. Be invoked again and there's also the back stop trait implementation for the back stop trait implementation for the. Back stop trait implementation for the contract and this is where all of our contract and this is where all of our. Contract and this is where all of our code is basically getting defined so code is basically getting defined so. Code is basically getting defined so everything in here is um exposed for everything in here is um exposed for. Everything in here is um exposed for anyone on the blockchain to interact anyone on the blockchain to interact. Anyone on the blockchain to interact with uh the way we structured things is with uh the way we structured things is. With uh the way we structured things is we generally do all of the we generally do all of the. We generally do all of the authentication that's required to um use authentication that's required to um use. Authentication that's required to um use the use the contract here and then we the use the contract here and then we. The use the contract here and then we actually perform all of the logic in a actually perform all of the logic in a. Actually perform all of the logic in a second helper function so that we can second helper function so that we can. Second helper function so that we can better unit test the code as a whole um better unit test the code as a whole um. Better unit test the code as a whole um so you'll notice if you're ever looking so you'll notice if you're ever looking. So you'll notice if you're ever looking for authentication things um you you'll for authentication things um you you'll. For authentication things um you you'll notice that all of the O actually takes notice that all of the O actually takes. Notice that all of the O actually takes place here um if you are from the evm place here um if you are from the evm. Place here um if you are from the evm world o how sorbon does o is probably world o how sorbon does o is probably. World o how sorbon does o is probably one of the largest differences um one of the largest differences um. One of the largest differences um between the two blockchains um so it is between the two blockchains um so it is. Between the two blockchains um so it is worth looking into it's it's incredibly worth looking into it's it's incredibly. Worth looking into it's it's incredibly well documented on well documented on well documented on. Sorond uh Sor bonds documentation so I sorond uh Sor bonds documentation so I sorond uh Sor bonds documentation so I. Would highly recommend uh reading would highly recommend uh reading would highly recommend uh reading. Through how that works um so you and through how that works um so you and through how that works um so you and. Then you'll also notice that for example then you'll also notice that for example. Then you'll also notice that for example if I go to where we actually Define the if I go to where we actually Define the. If I go to where we actually Define the logic um this is pretty common logic um this is pretty common. Logic um this is pretty common throughout all of our contracts so we we throughout all of our contracts so we we. Throughout all of our contracts so we we we'll basically try and wrap all all of we'll basically try and wrap all all of. We'll basically try and wrap all all of the logic that's external to the logic that's external to. The logic that's external to authentication and stuff within a authentication and stuff within a. Authentication and stuff within a function and we actually go through in function and we actually go through in. Function and we actually go through in write unit tests specifically for those write unit tests specifically for those. Write unit tests specifically for those functions um so this is a pretty good functions um so this is a pretty good. Functions um so this is a pretty good place to look if you think something uh place to look if you think something uh. Place to look if you think something uh might be incorrect or wrong or a bug might be incorrect or wrong or a bug. Might be incorrect or wrong or a bug exists somewhere um this is probably one exists somewhere um this is probably one. Exists somewhere um this is probably one of the easiest places to start testing of the easiest places to start testing. Of the easiest places to start testing that and attempting to find um whether that and attempting to find um whether. That and attempting to find um whether or not something's wrong and you you'll or not something's wrong and you you'll. Or not something's wrong and you you'll often find that this is like kind of often find that this is like kind of. Often find that this is like kind of where most of our unit tests actually where most of our unit tests actually. Where most of our unit tests actually occur um secondly one thing that we do occur um secondly one thing that we do. Occur um secondly one thing that we do include within this blend contracts include within this blend contracts. Include within this blend contracts repository is there's mock contracts and repository is there's mock contracts and. Repository is there's mock contracts and there's also a test Suites folder um so there's also a test Suites folder um so. There's also a test Suites folder um so one thing that's really nice about one thing that's really nice about. One thing that's really nice about interacting with interacting with interacting with. Soron is as I'm using tests you'll soron is as I'm using tests you'll soron is as I'm using tests you'll. Notice I have rust analyzer installed on notice I have rust analyzer installed on. Notice I have rust analyzer installed on my fsco but you you you have the ability. My fsco but you you you have the ability my fsco but you you you have the ability. To step through debug so if you're ever to step through debug so if you're ever to step through debug so if you're ever. Curious about um what actual values are curious about um what actual values are curious about um what actual values are. Within a function you're you can use all within a function you're you can use all. Within a function you're you can use all the rust internal tools to step through the rust internal tools to step through. The rust internal tools to step through and actually debug it um if you're like and actually debug it um if you're like. And actually debug it um if you're like most developers in the world you're just most developers in the world you're just. Most developers in the world you're just going to add a whole bunch of print going to add a whole bunch of print. Going to add a whole bunch of print lines and then run the test that also lines and then run the test that also. Lines and then run the test that also works fantastic too um but it's it's works fantastic too um but it's it's. Works fantastic too um but it's it's really nice for example if you do think really nice for example if you do think. Really nice for example if you do think something's wrong make sure to use the something's wrong make sure to use the. Something's wrong make sure to use the rust tools and use use all the debugging rust tools and use use all the debugging. Rust tools and use use all the debugging tools to your advantage we've been able tools to your advantage we've been able. Tools to your advantage we've been able to find a lot of things internally um to find a lot of things internally um. To find a lot of things internally um using those those strategies uh but one using those those strategies uh but one. Using those those strategies uh but one really important thing I wanted to touch really important thing I wanted to touch. Really important thing I wanted to touch on especially for L contracts is we have. On especially for L contracts is we have on especially for L contracts is we have. This giant test Suites folder um we use this giant test Suites folder um we use this giant test Suites folder um we use. A lot of this for all of the integration a lot of this for all of the integration. A lot of this for all of the integration testing so for example there is a test testing so for example there is a test. Testing so for example there is a test fixture um this basically just contains fixture um this basically just contains. Fixture um this basically just contains a whole it's it's basically going to a whole it's it's basically going to. A whole it's it's basically going to deploy from a fresh environment a whole deploy from a fresh environment a whole. Deploy from a fresh environment a whole bunch of contracts and things that exist bunch of contracts and things that exist. Bunch of contracts and things that exist to basically support a pretty standard to basically support a pretty standard. To basically support a pretty standard blend pool um so you'll notice it's blend pool um so you'll notice it's. Blend pool um so you'll notice it's going to make tokens uh it adds a whole going to make tokens uh it adds a whole. Going to make tokens uh it adds a whole bunch of users uh it deploys all the bunch of users uh it deploys all the. Bunch of users uh it deploys all the contracts out for you and you can contracts out for you and you can. Contracts out for you and you can basically then start from a really good basically then start from a really good. Basically then start from a really good starting point to actually write an starting point to actually write an. Starting point to actually write an integration level test um one quick integration level test um one quick. Integration level test um one quick thing to note here is that if you ever thing to note here is that if you ever. Thing to note here is that if you ever see an our test uh the user Bombadil um see an our test uh the user Bombadil um. See an our test uh the user Bombadil um I'm a bit of a Lord of the Rings nerd so I'm a bit of a Lord of the Rings nerd so. I'm a bit of a Lord of the Rings nerd so he is the admin and ruler of everything he is the admin and ruler of everything. He is the admin and ruler of everything so he has the power to uh basically mint so he has the power to uh basically mint. So he has the power to uh basically mint tokens at will he's kind of the tokens at will he's kind of the. Tokens at will he's kind of the admin the super key for roughly all of admin the super key for roughly all of. Admin the super key for roughly all of our tests as well um but how this is our tests as well um but how this is. Our tests as well um but how this is actually implemented you'll actually actually implemented you'll actually. Actually implemented you'll actually notice if you look back at some of our notice if you look back at some of our. Notice if you look back at some of our older audits um we've written older audits um we've written. Older audits um we've written integration tests after after basically integration tests after after basically. Integration tests after after basically fixing issues that have been found um fixing issues that have been found um. Fixing issues that have been found um one of these was an uh inflation attack one of these was an uh inflation attack. One of these was an uh inflation attack that I believe uh C Tor found in the that I believe uh C Tor found in the. That I believe uh C Tor found in the first audit um but for example this kind first audit um but for example this kind. First audit um but for example this kind of walks you through a really good way of walks you through a really good way. Of walks you through a really good way if you think something does exist that if you think something does exist that. If you think something does exist that might have an issue um writing one of might have an issue um writing one of. Might have an issue um writing one of these level tests is a really really these level tests is a really really. These level tests is a really really good way to actually prove whether or good way to actually prove whether or. Good way to actually prove whether or not it exists uh since this kind of is not it exists uh since this kind of is. Not it exists uh since this kind of is what at at this level of test this what at at this level of test this. What at at this level of test this really is the place where you're going really is the place where you're going. Really is the place where you're going to have the same level of interaction um to have the same level of interaction um. To have the same level of interaction um that someone using the blockchain that someone using the blockchain. That someone using the blockchain would um then yeah maybe the last thing would um then yeah maybe the last thing. Would um then yeah maybe the last thing to note before I switch over to the fev to note before I switch over to the fev. To note before I switch over to the fev VA here is you'll notice on the test VA here is you'll notice on the test. VA here is you'll notice on the test test fixture when you cre the test test fixture when you cre the test. Test fixture when you cre the test picture there's a true false um just so picture there's a true false um just so. Picture there's a true false um just so it's clear uh you have the ability when it's clear uh you have the ability when. It's clear uh you have the ability when running rust integration tests to running rust integration tests to. Running rust integration tests to actually deploy the contracts and use actually deploy the contracts and use. Actually deploy the contracts and use WMS um so if you want to use the actual WMS um so if you want to use the actual. WMS um so if you want to use the actual wasm files that are being deployed um wasm files that are being deployed um. Wasm files that are being deployed um that's great we do that in plenty of that's great we do that in plenty of. That's great we do that in plenty of tests but uh if you do that um rust tests but uh if you do that um rust. Tests but uh if you do that um rust itself won't actually be able to debug itself won't actually be able to debug. Itself won't actually be able to debug the code within the wasin packages so if the code within the wasin packages so if. The code within the wasin packages so if you're expecting some of the prit lines you're expecting some of the prit lines. You're expecting some of the prit lines or um uh line by line de debugging to or um uh line by line de debugging to. Or um uh line by line de debugging to work you will need to deploy all of the work you will need to deploy all of the. Work you will need to deploy all of the contracts as rust crates uh that way you contracts as rust crates uh that way you. Contracts as rust crates uh that way you can use all the unit testing can use all the unit testing. Can use all the unit testing tools um so yeah that's probably all I'm tools um so yeah that's probably all I'm. Tools um so yeah that's probably all I'm going to touch on here uh again within going to touch on here uh again within. Going to touch on here uh again within test Suites and test uh this is tons of test Suites and test uh this is tons of. Test Suites and test uh this is tons of really good examples on setting up all really good examples on setting up all. Really good examples on setting up all different kinds of environments um if different kinds of environments um if. Different kinds of environments um if you want to go through and attempt to you want to go through and attempt to. You want to go through and attempt to prove uh that something is prove uh that something is. Prove uh that something is incorrect um lastly I'm going to also incorrect um lastly I'm going to also. Incorrect um lastly I'm going to also run through the Fe Vault contract um run through the Fe Vault contract um. Run through the Fe Vault contract um this this this is basically a uh add-on contract that's. Is basically a uh add-on contract that's is basically a uh add-on contract that's. Aimed at wallets uh that will allow aimed at wallets uh that will allow aimed at wallets uh that will allow. Users to specify either a fixed rate of users to specify either a fixed rate of users to specify either a fixed rate of. Return or um excuse me a cap rate of return or um excuse me a cap rate of return or um excuse me a cap rate of. Return so for example if a wallet wanted return so for example if a wallet wanted. Return so for example if a wallet wanted to offer um say 10% on usdc deposits to offer um say 10% on usdc deposits. To offer um say 10% on usdc deposits using blend they can deploy one of these using blend they can deploy one of these. Using blend they can deploy one of these Fe volts uh if the blend pools returning. Fe volts uh if the blend pools returning Fe volts uh if the blend pools returning. More than 10% they would keep that extra more than 10% they would keep that extra. More than 10% they would keep that extra say it's returning 15% they would keep say it's returning 15% they would keep. Say it's returning 15% they would keep 5% 10% would go to the users um or they 5% 10% would go to the users um or they. 5% 10% would go to the users um or they can just take a fixed interest take off can just take a fixed interest take off. Can just take a fixed interest take off of all of the interest generated for of all of the interest generated for. Of all of the interest generated for deposits through this Fe volt um so it deposits through this Fe volt um so it. Deposits through this Fe volt um so it it works pretty similar similarly to any it works pretty similar similarly to any. It works pretty similar similarly to any uh uh uh er uh ERC 4626 function or 4626 Vault. Er uh ERC 4626 function or 4626 Vault er uh ERC 4626 function or 4626 Vault token um so those that are familiar or. Token um so those that are familiar or token um so those that are familiar or I've looked at those those kinds of. I've looked at those those kinds of I've looked at those those kinds of protocols in the past um this should. Protocols in the past um this should protocols in the past um this should feel somewhat familiar to you um I did. Feel somewhat familiar to you um I did feel somewhat familiar to you um I did want to call out one thing you'll also. Want to call out one thing you'll also want to call out one thing you'll also notice some of the implementation. Notice some of the implementation notice some of the implementation patterns we use in blend also come over. Patterns we use in blend also come over patterns we use in blend also come over here um so the only thing that's maybe a. Here um so the only thing that's maybe a here um so the only thing that's maybe a. Bit different is this contracts a bit bit different is this contracts a bit bit different is this contracts a bit. Simpler so you you'll notice we've kind simpler so you you'll notice we've kind simpler so you you'll notice we've kind. Of there's probably one less layer of of there's probably one less layer of of there's probably one less layer of. Abstraction there um for you to have to abstraction there um for you to have to abstraction there um for you to have to. Deal with um most things are documented deal with um most things are documented deal with um most things are documented. Pretty well in code but if you find pretty well in code but if you find pretty well in code but if you find. Anything please please feel free to call anything please please feel free to call. Anything please please feel free to call it out uh you'll notice that in the test. It out uh you'll notice that in the test it out uh you'll notice that in the test. Here it's set up a bit differently so here it's set up a bit differently so here it's set up a bit differently so. For example um this is a very long test for example um this is a very long test for example um this is a very long test. But we we we mainly are testing the fee but we we we mainly are testing the fee but we we we mainly are testing the fee. VA through integration testing uh since VA through integration testing uh since VA through integration testing uh since. The contct is a bit similar simpler and the contct is a bit similar simpler and the contct is a bit similar simpler and. It relies heavily on the blend the blend it relies heavily on the blend the blend. It relies heavily on the blend the blend contracts themselves so you'll notice contracts themselves so you'll notice. Contracts themselves so you'll notice that we uh we support a blend rust crate that we uh we support a blend rust crate. That we uh we support a blend rust crate um that includes all of the blend um that includes all of the blend. Um that includes all of the blend contracts themselves uh this has been contracts themselves uh this has been. Contracts themselves uh this has been updated for the exact hash that was updated for the exact hash that was. Updated for the exact hash that was pushed for the uh Auto competition um so pushed for the uh Auto competition um so. Pushed for the uh Auto competition um so you'll notice that I you'll notice that I. You'll notice that I believe yeah the version is believe yeah the version is believe yeah the version is. Here um but uh this comes with a very here um but uh this comes with a very here um but uh this comes with a very. Similar deployment script as the one we similar deployment script as the one we similar deployment script as the one we. Use within the blend contracts use within the blend contracts use within the blend contracts. Repository for their integration test so repository for their integration test so. Repository for their integration test so um let's see if yeah there's a blend um let's see if yeah there's a blend. Um let's see if yeah there's a blend flixer uh uh deploy function that will flixer uh uh deploy function that will. Flixer uh uh deploy function that will actually go ahead and create all of the actually go ahead and create all of the. Actually go ahead and create all of the blend contracts needed to interact with blend contracts needed to interact with. Blend contracts needed to interact with um a very similar setup as to what blend um a very similar setup as to what blend. Um a very similar setup as to what blend view1 main it is um so if you do run view1 main it is um so if you do run. View1 main it is um so if you do run into anything with the F VA um this is into anything with the F VA um this is. Into anything with the F VA um this is kind of a great place to look to go kind of a great place to look to go. Kind of a great place to look to go ahead and try and prove that something ahead and try and prove that something. Ahead and try and prove that something INF fact is missing or has a bug INF fact is missing or has a bug. INF fact is missing or has a bug um so yeah that's probably all I wanted um so yeah that's probably all I wanted. Um so yeah that's probably all I wanted to touch on I wanted to make sure I left to touch on I wanted to make sure I left. To touch on I wanted to make sure I left a little bit of time for Sor to go a little bit of time for Sor to go. A little bit of time for Sor to go through the formal verification portion through the formal verification portion. Through the formal verification portion of the auto competition of the auto competition. Of the auto competition um but I'll probably leave it there um but I'll probably leave it there. Um but I'll probably leave it there unless there's anything else you want me unless there's anything else you want me. Unless there's anything else you want me to touch on Carson great uh let's uh to touch on Carson great uh let's uh. To touch on Carson great uh let's uh let's wait and see if there's any let's wait and see if there's any. Let's wait and see if there's any questions uh at the end but uh thank you questions uh at the end but uh thank you. Questions uh at the end but uh thank you for the presentation I'm going to invite. For the presentation I'm going to invite for the presentation I'm going to invite. Shandon Armen on the stage welcome both of stage welcome both of you you you hi um Armen are you there okay yep hello. Hi um Armen are you there okay yep hello hi um Armen are you there okay yep hello. Uh you have my screen uh you have my screen uh you have my screen so this is the contest. So this is the contest so this is the contest repo um so trra you can let me know yeah. Repo um so trra you can let me know yeah repo um so trra you can let me know yeah. We should walk over sure uh yeah you can we should walk over sure uh yeah you can. We should walk over sure uh yeah you can share and I'll I'll just go over it so share and I'll I'll just go over it so. Share and I'll I'll just go over it so um as Alex mentioned in his uh um as Alex mentioned in his uh. Um as Alex mentioned in his uh presentation before you know we are presentation before you know we are. Presentation before you know we are doing this audit and formal verification doing this audit and formal verification. Doing this audit and formal verification contest for blend and uh while the audit. Contest for blend and uh while the audit contest for blend and uh while the audit. Itself you can you know all all of the itself you can you know all all of the itself you can you know all all of the. Prog the code bases in scope uh for the prog the code bases in scope uh for the prog the code bases in scope uh for the. Verification part we have a smaller verification part we have a smaller verification part we have a smaller. Scope because um the the protocol is scope because um the the protocol is scope because um the the protocol is. There's a lot of code and so we decided there's a lot of code and so we decided there's a lot of code and so we decided. That it would be more tractable and that it would be more tractable and that it would be more tractable and. Manageable if we tried to focus on one manageable if we tried to focus on one manageable if we tried to focus on one. Particular part and in particular we are particular part and in particular we are. Particular part and in particular we are looking at the back stop crate so if you. Looking at the back stop crate so if you looking at the back stop crate so if you. Uh go up a little bit in this uh uh go up a little bit in this uh uh go up a little bit in this uh. Repository so for what it's worth this repository so for what it's worth this repository so for what it's worth this. Is the repository where all the code is is the repository where all the code is is the repository where all the code is. So you can uh clone this repository and so you can uh clone this repository and so you can uh clone this repository and. Then you can um then you can um then you can um check out all the different crates and. Check out all the different crates and check out all the different crates and in particular the one that we are. In particular the one that we are in particular the one that we are talking about is the back stop as you. Talking about is the back stop as you talking about is the back stop as you can see Armen has it here um and I want. Can see Armen has it here um and I want can see Armen has it here um and I want to show the Sora specific stuff so first. To show the Sora specific stuff so first to show the Sora specific stuff so first. Of all uh the the the properties that of all uh the the the properties that of all uh the the the properties that. You're going to be writing are going to you're going to be writing are going to you're going to be writing are going to. Be in the seras specs directory where be in the seras specs directory where be in the seras specs directory where. Armen is right now uh I think I have a Armen is right now uh I think I have a Armen is right now uh I think I have a. Couple of little uh so well now can you couple of little uh so well now can you couple of little uh so well now can you. Go maybe look at some of the other files go maybe look at some of the other files. Go maybe look at some of the other files there's a few that I provided um just there's a few that I provided um just. There's a few that I provided um just for an example yeah so here's a few for an example yeah so here's a few. For an example yeah so here's a few examples of things that you um just to examples of things that you um just to. Examples of things that you um just to give you an idea for what these uh look give you an idea for what these uh look. Give you an idea for what these uh look like um and uh so you can notice here like um and uh so you can notice here. Like um and uh so you can notice here that uh there is this thing called cvlr that uh there is this thing called cvlr. That uh there is this thing called cvlr uncore assert uh in all the rules and so uncore assert uh in all the rules and so. Uncore assert uh in all the rules and so the things that are so that's one uh the things that are so that's one uh. The things that are so that's one uh thing I want to talk about a little bit thing I want to talk about a little bit. Thing I want to talk about a little bit so if you look at line number five this so if you look at line number five this. So if you look at line number five this is the uh we we call it Cavalier so is the uh we we call it Cavalier so. Is the uh we we call it Cavalier so cavaliere is the specification language cavaliere is the specification language. Cavaliere is the specification language that we've built um it's just a rust that we've built um it's just a rust. That we've built um it's just a rust Library so you can import the library Library so you can import the library. Library so you can import the library and then you can use the various and then you can use the various. And then you can use the various assertions and there which are just assertions and there which are just. Assertions and there which are just macros uh that we've defined um so macros uh that we've defined um so. Macros uh that we've defined um so assume assert and satisfy I think are assume assert and satisfy I think are. Assume assert and satisfy I think are probably the most common ones uh and the probably the most common ones uh and the. Probably the most common ones uh and the ones that are I think we recommend using. Ones that are I think we recommend using ones that are I think we recommend using. Uh the most if you need something more uh the most if you need something more uh the most if you need something more. Specific then you can always uh reach specific then you can always uh reach specific then you can always uh reach. Out and uh we can help you figure out out and uh we can help you figure out out and uh we can help you figure out. How to how to do how to how to do how to how to do that um the other thing uh worth noting. That um the other thing uh worth noting that um the other thing uh worth noting here is um can you uh can Arman can you. Here is um can you uh can Arman can you here is um can you uh can Arman can you go down to the the cargo Tomo file at. Go down to the the cargo Tomo file at go down to the the cargo Tomo file at the bottom. The bottom the bottom uh uh yes so uh we are also relying on uh uh yes so uh we are also relying on. Uh uh yes so uh we are also relying on uh rust features so for example here you uh rust features so for example here you. Uh rust features so for example here you can see on line 17 there's this feature can see on line 17 there's this feature. Can see on line 17 there's this feature called called called Cur and uh the nice thing about this uh. Cur and uh the nice thing about this uh Cur and uh the nice thing about this uh this mechanism is it actually lets you. This mechanism is it actually lets you this mechanism is it actually lets you use this feature to selectively uh. Use this feature to selectively uh use this feature to selectively uh compile uh the code so for example um. Compile uh the code so for example um compile uh the code so for example um you can if you go back Armen to uh let's. You can if you go back Armen to uh let's you can if you go back Armen to uh let's. See um let's go in the back stop yeah see um let's go in the back stop yeah see um let's go in the back stop yeah. And maybe in the withdrawal uh maybe go to deposit withdrawal uh maybe go to deposit. Actually okay perfect so if you look at actually okay perfect so if you look at actually okay perfect so if you look at. The top of this file you'll see that uh the top of this file you'll see that uh the top of this file you'll see that uh. We are using this feature called sora we are using this feature called sora we are using this feature called sora. And essentially what this is saying is and essentially what this is saying is and essentially what this is saying is. That when the feature is enabled and I that when the feature is enabled and I that when the feature is enabled and I. Just showed you before that in the cargo just showed you before that in the cargo. Just showed you before that in the cargo TL it is enabled uh then use this mock TL it is enabled uh then use this mock. TL it is enabled uh then use this mock implementation of the token client and implementation of the token client and. Implementation of the token client and otherwise you can use the whatever otherwise you can use the whatever. Otherwise you can use the whatever default one that blend was using and default one that blend was using and. Default one that blend was using and this is just for verification only right this is just for verification only right. This is just for verification only right so when you're compiling your code for so when you're compiling your code for. So when you're compiling your code for uh other purposes then you shouldn't be uh other purposes then you shouldn't be. Uh other purposes then you shouldn't be using this uh but when you're doing using this uh but when you're doing. Using this uh but when you're doing verification this is helpful because a verification this is helpful because a. Verification this is helpful because a lot of the times we want to modularize lot of the times we want to modularize. Lot of the times we want to modularize things and so you may not need to things and so you may not need to. Things and so you may not need to include all the code for the token when include all the code for the token when. Include all the code for the token when you're really just verifying the code uh you're really just verifying the code uh. You're really just verifying the code uh for the back stop right so that's an for the back stop right so that's an. For the back stop right so that's an interesting feature that I think you'll interesting feature that I think you'll. Interesting feature that I think you'll probably use uh quite a bit and you know probably use uh quite a bit and you know. Probably use uh quite a bit and you know always feel free to reach out uh on always feel free to reach out uh on. Always feel free to reach out uh on Discord if you have any questions um the Discord if you have any questions um the. Discord if you have any questions um the other thing I also want to highlight is other thing I also want to highlight is. Other thing I also want to highlight is uh the con files so on the left you will uh the con files so on the left you will. Uh the con files so on the left you will see that there is this directory called see that there is this directory called. See that there is this directory called conss and here we have provided some conss and here we have provided some. Conss and here we have provided some setup and some skeleton for some basic setup and some skeleton for some basic. Setup and some skeleton for some basic conss so let's look at the one yeah the conss so let's look at the one yeah the. Conss so let's look at the one yeah the withdraw one is a good one so what's withdraw one is a good one so what's. Withdraw one is a good one so what's happening here is uh we have this uh happening here is uh we have this uh. Happening here is uh we have this uh file that has a a build script this is file that has a a build script this is. File that has a a build script this is already provided you probably should not already provided you probably should not. Already provided you probably should not have to modify this at all uh it's just have to modify this at all uh it's just. Have to modify this at all uh it's just a python script that uh does a bunch of a python script that uh does a bunch of. A python script that uh does a bunch of stuff that is necessary for making sure stuff that is necessary for making sure. Stuff that is necessary for making sure that the reports look nice you know you that the reports look nice you know you. That the reports look nice you know you have all the files uploaded there it have all the files uploaded there it. Have all the files uploaded there it calls the right uh build instruction in calls the right uh build instruction in. Calls the right uh build instruction in this case we're using this uh file this case we're using this uh file. This case we're using this uh file called uh this build system called just called uh this build system called just. Called uh this build system called just um but other than you should not have to um but other than you should not have to. Um but other than you should not have to modify that more or less uh then there's. Modify that more or less uh then there's modify that more or less uh then there's. A few verification specific things so a few verification specific things so a few verification specific things so. For example there's this thing called we for example there's this thing called we. For example there's this thing called we have this slide called uh optimistic have this slide called uh optimistic. Have this slide called uh optimistic Loop um uh we we don't need to worry Loop um uh we we don't need to worry. Loop um uh we we don't need to worry about what that is I would leave that about what that is I would leave that. About what that is I would leave that there uh there's also this precise there uh there's also this precise. There uh there's also this precise bitwise Ops uh flag which is set to True bitwise Ops uh flag which is set to True. Bitwise Ops uh flag which is set to True uh what this is saying is that when uh what this is saying is that when. Uh what this is saying is that when you're doing the verification use bit you're doing the verification use bit. You're doing the verification use bit vectors uh you may or may not want it uh vectors uh you may or may not want it uh. Vectors uh you may or may not want it uh it's uh you can if you're facing uh like. It's uh you can if you're facing uh like it's uh you can if you're facing uh like. Slow running times I recommend taking it slow running times I recommend taking it. Slow running times I recommend taking it out and seeing what happens and again if. Out and seeing what happens and again if out and seeing what happens and again if. You run into any issues uh when you take you run into any issues uh when you take. You run into any issues uh when you take it out you can reach out and we'll try it out you can reach out and we'll try. It out you can reach out and we'll try to help you to help you to help you um and then really the main thing you. Um and then really the main thing you um and then really the main thing you will have to modify is this rules field. Will have to modify is this rules field will have to modify is this rules field so whatever rules you write uh you just. So whatever rules you write uh you just so whatever rules you write uh you just have to add them to this file and then. Have to add them to this file and then have to add them to this file and then you just run this uh San with this. You just run this uh San with this you just run this uh San with this configuration file um I one thing I. Configuration file um I one thing I configuration file um I one thing I would recommend so it is very common for. Would recommend so it is very common for would recommend so it is very common for. Users to run the prover with many ruls users to run the prover with many ruls users to run the prover with many ruls. And that is what you will do in the end and that is what you will do in the end and that is what you will do in the end. But when you're debugging and when but when you're debugging and when but when you're debugging and when. You're just you know trying to test you're just you know trying to test you're just you know trying to test. Things out it is often helpful to just things out it is often helpful to just things out it is often helpful to just. Run one rule at a time so you know which run one rule at a time so you know which. Run one rule at a time so you know which rule is problematic or you know which rule is problematic or you know which. Rule is problematic or you know which has a Vu problem or all kinds of stuff has a Vu problem or all kinds of stuff. Has a Vu problem or all kinds of stuff right so um definitely keep that in mind right so um definitely keep that in mind. Right so um definitely keep that in mind when you're um just getting started and when you're um just getting started and. When you're um just getting started and you know writing these uh as as I can you know writing these uh as as I can. You know writing these uh as as I can tell you there's a lot of uh excitement tell you there's a lot of uh excitement. Tell you there's a lot of uh excitement already on Discord lots of people have already on Discord lots of people have. Already on Discord lots of people have been asking lots of questions um really been asking lots of questions um really. Been asking lots of questions um really good questions so it's already really good questions so it's already really. Good questions so it's already really nice to see the the engagement from the nice to see the the engagement from the. Nice to see the the engagement from the the community so that's that's really the community so that's that's really. The community so that's that's really cool uh so I think uh let me just think cool uh so I think uh let me just think. Cool uh so I think uh let me just think what else I would like to show actually what else I would like to show actually. What else I would like to show actually yes uh can you uh Armen if you click on yes uh can you uh Armen if you click on. Yes uh can you uh Armen if you click on the documentation page that you have the documentation page that you have. The documentation page that you have open um so yeah here we have some open um so yeah here we have some. Open um so yeah here we have some documentation for using Sunbeam so documentation for using Sunbeam so. Documentation for using Sunbeam so there's the installation guide which I there's the installation guide which I. There's the installation guide which I think you probably don't need to worry think you probably don't need to worry. Think you probably don't need to worry too much about if you if you if you have too much about if you if you if you have. Too much about if you if you if you have installed ctra CLI you should be you installed ctra CLI you should be you. Installed ctra CLI you should be you should be good to go so I don't think should be good to go so I don't think. Should be good to go so I don't think you need anything else so the user guide you need anything else so the user guide. You need anything else so the user guide is the main uh thing you know uh we have. Is the main uh thing you know uh we have is the main uh thing you know uh we have. Some examples of you know what the some examples of you know what the some examples of you know what the. Different components are so for example different components are so for example different components are so for example. Here um you know you see this like hash here um you know you see this like hash here um you know you see this like hash. Rule thing uh on top of these functions rule thing uh on top of these functions rule thing uh on top of these functions. So really what's Happening Here is so really what's Happening Here is so really what's Happening Here is. You're just writing rust functions right you're just writing rust functions right. You're just writing rust functions right so uh Cura is like interpreting those so uh Cura is like interpreting those. So uh Cura is like interpreting those functions separately especially for functions separately especially for. Functions separately especially for verification but from your point of view verification but from your point of view. Verification but from your point of view you're just writing rust functions with you're just writing rust functions with. You're just writing rust functions with special macros and special annotation so special macros and special annotation so. Special macros and special annotation so um that's one of the annotations is this. Um that's one of the annotations is this um that's one of the annotations is this. Rule uh attribute rule uh attribute rule uh attribute um and uh I already mentioned the CVL. Um and uh I already mentioned the CVL um and uh I already mentioned the CVL assume assert macros from the Cavalier. Assume assert macros from the Cavalier assume assert macros from the Cavalier spec Library another thing that is very. Spec Library another thing that is very spec Library another thing that is very useful is uh this notion of. Useful is uh this notion of useful is uh this notion of non-determinism so uh oftentimes what. Non-determinism so uh oftentimes what non-determinism so uh oftentimes what happens is when you're doing. Happens is when you're doing happens is when you're doing verification uh you might want to uh. Verification uh you might want to uh verification uh you might want to uh sort of summarize some piece of code. Sort of summarize some piece of code sort of summarize some piece of code because you know maybe that's not super. Because you know maybe that's not super because you know maybe that's not super relevant for the property you're. Relevant for the property you're relevant for the property you're verifying and all you care about is that. Verifying and all you care about is that verifying and all you care about is that. That function returns some that function returns some that function returns some non-deterministic value right it could. Non-deterministic value right it could non-deterministic value right it could be a u64 it could be i1 128 whatever uh. Be a u64 it could be i1 128 whatever uh be a u64 it could be i1 128 whatever uh it could be a user defined type all. It could be a user defined type all it could be a user defined type all kinds of Stu so this nonb gives you a. Kinds of Stu so this nonb gives you a kinds of Stu so this nonb gives you a mechanism to do that so Cavalier. Mechanism to do that so Cavalier mechanism to do that so Cavalier actually already implements a bunch of. Actually already implements a bunch of actually already implements a bunch of non-ets for uh various primitive types. Non-ets for uh various primitive types non-ets for uh various primitive types um blend has a lot of userdefined. Um blend has a lot of userdefined um blend has a lot of userdefined structs right so for example there's the. Structs right so for example there's the structs right so for example there's the. Q4 um Q4 withdrawal uh struct uh you Q4 um Q4 withdrawal uh struct uh you Q4 um Q4 withdrawal uh struct uh you. Might want to implement that might want to implement that might want to implement that. Uh uh trade for this uh this truck right uh uh trade for this uh this truck right. Uh uh trade for this uh this truck right so you can do it this way so right like so you can do it this way so right like. So you can do it this way so right like as there's an example here so as there's an example here so. As there's an example here so essentially all you do is um you know essentially all you do is um you know. Essentially all you do is um you know you assign non- debt to all the fields you assign non- debt to all the fields. You assign non- debt to all the fields of the struct and uh you're good to go of the struct and uh you're good to go. Of the struct and uh you're good to go so this is something that's really so this is something that's really. So this is something that's really helpful uh for uh for verification uh we helpful uh for uh for verification uh we. Helpful uh for uh for verification uh we often have to do it and I'm imagining often have to do it and I'm imagining. Often have to do it and I'm imagining other people will have to do this as other people will have to do this as. Other people will have to do this as well we have some very basic examples in well we have some very basic examples in. Well we have some very basic examples in the tutorial so we have a Sunbeam the tutorial so we have a Sunbeam. The tutorial so we have a Sunbeam tutorial over um over here tutorial over um over here. Tutorial over um over here uh it gives an example of the token uh it gives an example of the token. Uh it gives an example of the token contract so if you've never done contract so if you've never done. Contract so if you've never done verification I think this is a good way verification I think this is a good way. Verification I think this is a good way to start you can just do the exercises to start you can just do the exercises. To start you can just do the exercises here and uh you know just try to here and uh you know just try to. Here and uh you know just try to understand like what what's really understand like what what's really. Understand like what what's really happening uh when you run the tool and happening uh when you run the tool and. Happening uh when you run the tool and so so so on um and other than that uh if you go. On um and other than that uh if you go on um and other than that uh if you go back uh I think I already explained the. Back uh I think I already explained the back uh I think I already explained the scripts the build script stuff if you. Scripts the build script stuff if you scripts the build script stuff if you scroll down a little bit more. Scroll down a little bit more scroll down a little bit more Armen uh yeah I think they these are. Armen uh yeah I think they these are Armen uh yeah I think they these are already covered. Already covered already covered say so I think the main other thing I say so I think the main other thing I. Say so I think the main other thing I would recommend looking at is what would recommend looking at is what. Would recommend looking at is what happens when you do run Sunbeam so as I happens when you do run Sunbeam so as I. Happens when you do run Sunbeam so as I mentioned before and it's actually also mentioned before and it's actually also. Mentioned before and it's actually also uh listed in the readme for the the repo uh listed in the readme for the the repo. Uh listed in the readme for the the repo all you do is you just run Cur San all you do is you just run Cur San. All you do is you just run Cur San proofer and you pass this Con file and proofer and you pass this Con file and. Proofer and you pass this Con file and you uh you run it and all you get is a you uh you run it and all you get is a. You uh you run it and all you get is a link to a run right and this link is link to a run right and this link is. Link to a run right and this link is going to look something like this right going to look something like this right. Going to look something like this right so here you can see um well so here so here you can see um well so here. So here you can see um well so here there is no violation so you're fine but there is no violation so you're fine but. There is no violation so you're fine but if there is a violation you can see a if there is a violation you can see a. If there is a violation you can see a call Trace the call Trace is not super call Trace the call Trace is not super. Call Trace the call Trace is not super uh easy to read so if you are stuck with uh easy to read so if you are stuck with. Uh easy to read so if you are stuck with problems with the call Trace please post. Problems with the call Trace please post problems with the call Trace please post. Messages on Discord and we'll try to messages on Discord and we'll try to messages on Discord and we'll try to. Help you as much as possible uh you can help you as much as possible uh you can help you as much as possible uh you can. Also see the code right so for example also see the code right so for example also see the code right so for example. Here on the left you have this files you here on the left you have this files you. Here on the left you have this files you can see all the files that you used to can see all the files that you used to. Can see all the files that you used to run verification all the properties that run verification all the properties that. Run verification all the properties that you ran all the code that you changed or. You ran all the code that you changed or you ran all the code that you changed or. Properties you wrote everything is here properties you wrote everything is here properties you wrote everything is here. Uh so and I would always encourage you uh so and I would always encourage you uh so and I would always encourage you. To if you are having any problems you to if you are having any problems you to if you are having any problems you. Can just send me a link to a run and can just send me a link to a run and can just send me a link to a run and. Then I can take a look at the run I can then I can take a look at the run I can then I can take a look at the run I can. Reproduce the Run locally and and help reproduce the Run locally and and help reproduce the Run locally and and help. You debug your you debug your you debug your problems problems problems um uh other than that I'm not thinking. Um uh other than that I'm not thinking um uh other than that I'm not thinking what else would be useful. What else would be useful what else would be useful um I think about that's that might be. Um I think about that's that might be um I think about that's that might be all I have like uh oh actually I I would. All I have like uh oh actually I I would all I have like uh oh actually I I would. Like to mention one other thing like to mention one other thing like to mention one other thing. So uh we already saw uh the feature CRA so uh we already saw uh the feature CRA so uh we already saw uh the feature CRA. Feature of mechanism where you can feature of mechanism where you can feature of mechanism where you can. Selectively decide what functions to selectively decide what functions to selectively decide what functions to. Include when you're compiling we also include when you're compiling we also include when you're compiling we also. Saw the non-dead macro uh another thing saw the non-dead macro uh another thing saw the non-dead macro uh another thing. That you may have to do is uh summarize that you may have to do is uh summarize that you may have to do is uh summarize. Various functions so this is something various functions so this is something various functions so this is something. That you know for example here uh the that you know for example here uh the that you know for example here uh the. Way the best way to do this is the way the best way to do this is the way the best way to do this is the. Following right so uh in the C specs following right so uh in the C specs following right so uh in the C specs. Directory you there is a directory directory you there is a directory directory you there is a directory. Called summaries and in there you can uh called summaries and in there you can uh. Called summaries and in there you can uh so the mod is that's where you um just so the mod is that's where you um just. So the mod is that's where you um just expose all the summaries that you have expose all the summaries that you have. Expose all the summaries that you have written so here there's you know this written so here there's you know this. Written so here there's you know this file called emissions and in emissions file called emissions and in emissions. File called emissions and in emissions it's possible that depending on the it's possible that depending on the. It's possible that depending on the property you're proving you might have property you're proving you might have. Property you're proving you might have to summarize right so for example you to summarize right so for example you. To summarize right so for example you can say that I don't really care what can say that I don't really care what. Can say that I don't really care what emissions does as long as it's returning emissions does as long as it's returning. Emissions does as long as it's returning a Nonet terministic value or you can a Nonet terministic value or you can. A Nonet terministic value or you can that well it should be a that well it should be a. That well it should be a nondeterministic value but maybe it nondeterministic value but maybe it. Nondeterministic value but maybe it should be in some range so this kind of should be in some range so this kind of. Should be in some range so this kind of stuff right like it really depends on stuff right like it really depends on. Stuff right like it really depends on your understanding of protocol and like your understanding of protocol and like. Your understanding of protocol and like what you think is necessary for um what you think is necessary for um. What you think is necessary for um whoever is calling this function to know whoever is calling this function to know. Whoever is calling this function to know about this function Behavior right so about this function Behavior right so. About this function Behavior right so this is actually often very helpful so this is actually often very helpful so. This is actually often very helpful so you can put all your summaries here and you can put all your summaries here and. You can put all your summaries here and then wherever you're calling the then wherever you're calling the. Then wherever you're calling the function instead of calling the original function instead of calling the original. Function instead of calling the original function you just call this function and. Function you just call this function and function you just call this function and. Um it would be really good if you um it would be really good if you um it would be really good if you. Actually annotate it with this because actually annotate it with this because actually annotate it with this because. Then you know you're not really changing then you know you're not really changing. Then you know you're not really changing the semantics of the original program the semantics of the original program. The semantics of the original program um great I think we need to wrap it up um great I think we need to wrap it up. Um great I think we need to wrap it up here but uh thank you so much for for here but uh thank you so much for for. Here but uh thank you so much for for this presentation uh I think this was uh this presentation uh I think this was uh. This presentation uh I think this was uh very helpful for everyone who's going to. Very helpful for everyone who's going to very helpful for everyone who's going to. Participate in the in the competition to participate in the in the competition to. Participate in the in the competition to get to walk through both of the code and. Get to walk through both of the code and get to walk through both of the code and. And and uh and the verification here so and and uh and the verification here so and and uh and the verification here so. Thank you all for joining um I didn't thank you all for joining um I didn't thank you all for joining um I didn't. See any questions in the chat but yeah see any questions in the chat but yeah see any questions in the chat but yeah. Feel free to reach out um also in feel free to reach out um also in feel free to reach out um also in. Discord if there's anything I'll post Discord if there's anything I'll post Discord if there's anything I'll post. The link again in Discord for the the link again in Discord for the the link again in Discord for the. Competition so good luck to everyone uh competition so good luck to everyone uh competition so good luck to everyone uh. The competition is running until March the competition is running until March the competition is running until March. 17th so still have plenty of time to to 17th so still have plenty of time to to 17th so still have plenty of time to to. Dig into it thank you everyone for dig into it thank you everyone for dig into it thank you everyone for. Joining thank you Shandra and Alex for joining thank you Shandra and Alex for joining thank you Shandra and Alex for. For joining here us thank you everyone for joining here us thank you everyone for joining here us thank you everyone. Thanks everybody.
