Welcome everyone this is this week's welcome everyone this is this week's Stell art developer meeting and this. Stell art developer meeting and this Stell art developer meeting and this today it's going to be a little bit. Today it's going to be a little bit today it's going to be a little bit different schedule than usual we will. Different schedule than usual we will different schedule than usual we will. Start with a presentation here from start with a presentation here from start with a presentation here from. Hoops finance and then about half an Hoops finance and then about half an Hoops finance and then about half an. Hour from now we will switch over to hour from now we will switch over to hour from now we will switch over to. Discord where the court team will Discord where the court team will Discord where the court team will . Give a cap proposal give a cap proposal give a cap proposal presentation but yeah welcome . Presentation but yeah welcome presentation but yeah welcome that's Tim you guys are are well. That's Tim you guys are are well that's Tim you guys are are well known from from our Discord and and. Known from from our Discord and and known from from our Discord and and I'm I'm super excited about hearing. I'm I'm super excited about hearing I'm I'm super excited about hearing what progress You' have made with hoop. What progress You' have made with hoop what progress You' have made with hoop Finance so please take it away thank you. Finance so please take it away thank you Finance so please take it away thank you so much Carston we are super excited so much Carston we are super excited so much Carston we are super excited. To be presenting in the dev meeting to to be presenting in the dev meeting to to be presenting in the dev meeting to. Try to get some eyes on our project try to get some eyes on our project try to get some eyes on our project . And well in our new update we we did the and well in our new update we we did the. And well in our new update we we did the entire UI from the scratch to improve entire UI from the scratch to improve. Entire UI from the scratch to improve user experience and to make it easier user experience and to make it easier . User experience and to make it easier for developers and for retail users in for developers and for retail users in. For developers and for retail users in the future to start using our the future to start using our. The future to start using our application so this is our landing application so this is our landing. Application so this is our landing page at the moment we are working as page at the moment we are working as. Page at the moment we are working as well on launching a new one but the goal well on launching a new one but the goal. Well on launching a new one but the goal here is to make human readable risk here is to make human readable risk. Here is to make human readable risk analytics for blockchain what's the analytics for blockchain what's the. Analytics for blockchain what's the idea of risk analytics is that we do idea of risk analytics is that we do. Idea of risk analytics is that we do think that liquidity pools are very think that liquidity pools are very. Think that liquidity pools are very scatter and they have an untapped scatter and they have an untapped. Scatter and they have an untapped potential and I believe Stellar really potential and I believe Stellar really. Potential and I believe Stellar really has that potential hidden away and we has that potential hidden away and we. Has that potential hidden away and we can really unlock it if we provide we can really unlock it if we provide we. Can really unlock it if we provide we clear and transparent data on these clear and transparent data on these. Clear and transparent data on these liquidity pools and different liquidity pools and different . Liquidity pools and different offerings right so let's let's go to offerings right so let's let's go to. Offerings right so let's let's go to the app and the app and the app and see what we have. See what we have see what we have here we just push an update hopefully it here we just push an update hopefully it. Here we just push an update hopefully it doesn't doesn't doesn't break there you go so this is our new UI. Break there you go so this is our new UI break there you go so this is our new UI. right now we have two main Pages right now we have two main Pages right now we have two main Pages. Which is the pools page and the tokens which is the pools page and the tokens which is the pools page and the tokens. Page in the pools page what we're doing page in the pools page what we're doing page in the pools page what we're doing. Is aggregating different automatic is aggregating different automatic is aggregating different automatic. Market makers from the ecosystem market makers from the ecosystem market makers from the ecosystem . Projects that came from the Stellar projects that came from the Stellar projects that came from the Stellar. Community Fund in this case we have Community Fund in this case we have Community Fund in this case we have. Soros swap Aquarius blend and Phoenix Soros swap Aquarius blend and Phoenix . Soros swap Aquarius blend and Phoenix we're still working to add a blend into we're still working to add a blend into. We're still working to add a blend into your UI but it's working through the your UI but it's working through the. Your UI but it's working through the API this is something that should be API this is something that should be. API this is something that should be out quite soon but through our UI in out quite soon but through our UI in. Out quite soon but through our UI in the pools page you're going to be able the pools page you're going to be able. The pools page you're going to be able to see these rankings right where we are to see these rankings right where we are. To see these rankings right where we are ranking what the best APR pairs we have ranking what the best APR pairs we have. Ranking what the best APR pairs we have the best volume and best stable coins the best volume and best stable coins . The best volume and best stable coins obviously this is data from our indexer obviously this is data from our indexer. Obviously this is data from our indexer so we got to use it with caution so we got to use it with caution. So we got to use it with caution still but we are working on creating still but we are working on creating. Still but we are working on creating a validation system to ensure that a validation system to ensure that. A validation system to ensure that always the data that we're showing is always the data that we're showing is. Always the data that we're showing is accurate and we're trying to do that accurate and we're trying to do that. Accurate and we're trying to do that with other projects in the ecosystem so with other projects in the ecosystem so. With other projects in the ecosystem so we can always compare and ensure that we can always compare and ensure that. We can always compare and ensure that everything is is correct but for everything is is correct but for. Everything is is correct but for example here in the table we can see example here in the table we can see. Example here in the table we can see different liquidity pulls from the different liquidity pulls from the. Different liquidity pulls from the ecosystem and important data that would ecosystem and important data that would. Ecosystem and important data that would help retail investors and and really help retail investors and and really. Help retail investors and and really anyone that wants to participate in defi anyone that wants to participate in defi. Anyone that wants to participate in defi have an idea of how they work and and have an idea of how they work and and. Have an idea of how they work and and why would they want to participate in a why would they want to participate in a. Why would they want to participate in a liquid pool over another for example liquid pool over another for example. Liquid pool over another for example here we have the native and aqua which here we have the native and aqua which. Here we have the native and aqua which is xlm and aqua pool right we have our is xlm and aqua pool right we have our. Is xlm and aqua pool right we have our volume chart and we have some overview volume chart and we have some overview. Volume chart and we have some overview on this like 24 hour volume value locked on this like 24 hour volume value locked. On this like 24 hour volume value locked fees whatnot we we have a proprietary. Fees whatnot we we have a proprietary fees whatnot we we have a proprietary. Risk score that we we generate from risk score that we we generate from risk score that we we generate from. Different data points as well as different data points as well as different data points as well as . Different analysis from from social different analysis from from social different analysis from from social. Media from the internet that gives us media from the internet that gives us. Media from the internet that gives us an idea of how risky a pool is an idea of how risky a pool is . An idea of how risky a pool is there's many factors that affect the there's many factors that affect the. There's many factors that affect the risk score and and we are continuously risk score and and we are continuously. Risk score and and we are continuously improving on this but hopefully this improving on this but hopefully this. Improving on this but hopefully this would be essential for us to be able to would be essential for us to be able to. Would be essential for us to be able to launch in a nearby future what we want launch in a nearby future what we want. Launch in a nearby future what we want to do smart savings account or or to do smart savings account or or. To do smart savings account or or automate automated liquidity management automate automated liquidity management. Automate automated liquidity management right in in tokens it's very similar right in in tokens it's very similar. Right in in tokens it's very similar we have top tokens by volume right by we have top tokens by volume right by. we have top tokens by volume right by liquidity and our top stable coins and liquidity and our top stable coins and. Liquidity and our top stable coins and we can see information about these and we can see information about these and. We can see information about these and we can go straight to the Explorer to we can go straight to the Explorer to. We can go straight to the Explorer to check these tokens so check the contract check these tokens so check the contract. Check these tokens so check the contract of these tokens and information on on. Of these tokens and information on on of these tokens and information on on. Them few things here and there that them few things here and there that them few things here and there that. We got to fix of course but but we got to fix of course but but we got to fix of course but but. Basically this dashboard is going to basically this dashboard is going to basically this dashboard is going to. Provide the Stellar user and and provide the Stellar user and and provide the Stellar user and and. Really any user in the future with a really any user in the future with a really any user in the future with a. One-Stop shop to save to invest and to One-Stop shop to save to invest and to One-Stop shop to save to invest and to. Analyze their Investments long term analyze their Investments long term analyze their Investments long term. Which is really exciting another which is really exciting another which is really exciting another. Thing that we' been working on is thing that we' been working on is thing that we' been working on is. Actually creating an authentication flow actually creating an authentication flow. Actually creating an authentication flow which I think is very important so we which I think is very important so we. Which I think is very important so we can get our users logged in and we can can get our users logged in and we can. Can get our users logged in and we can provide them with API Keys which we were provide them with API Keys which we were. Provide them with API Keys which we were just working on right now so crossing my. Just working on right now so crossing my just working on right now so crossing my. Fingers everything is good but if you fingers everything is good but if you. Fingers everything is good but if you sign up with Discord for example we use sign up with Discord for example we use. Sign up with Discord for example we use Discord a lot Discord a lot Discord a lot. Instellar we can create this account and instellar we can create this account and. Instellar we can create this account and as you can see we get a profile where. As you can see we get a profile where as you can see we get a profile where. We can go to our developer account and we can go to our developer account and we can go to our developer account and. Create an API key which we're going to create an API key which we're going to create an API key which we're going to. Call it Stellar or call it Stellar or call it Stellar or live and when we create this API key we. Live and when we create this API key we live and when we create this API key we get it over here we can copy it we can. Get it over here we can copy it we can get it over here we can copy it we can save it and then we can start querying. Save it and then we can start querying save it and then we can start querying our API to get all this information. Our API to get all this information our API to get all this information maybe in future projects that people in. Maybe in future projects that people in maybe in future projects that people in the audience is working on right . The audience is working on right the audience is working on right possibly in the seller Community Fund. Possibly in the seller Community Fund possibly in the seller Community Fund possibly from other projects from other. Possibly from other projects from other possibly from other projects from other chains right the idea again is that all. Chains right the idea again is that all chains right the idea again is that all this data is transparent and available. This data is transparent and available this data is transparent and available not just through our dashboards but also. Not just through our dashboards but also not just through our dashboards but also. Through our API our API looks a little through our API our API looks a little through our API our API looks a little. Bit like bit like bit like this it's pretty well documented for this it's pretty well documented for. This it's pretty well documented for you you to start playing around with it you you to start playing around with it. You you to start playing around with it at this moment I believe you do not at this moment I believe you do not. at this moment I believe you do not need an API key to play with the API need an API key to play with the API . Need an API key to play with the API but but it's it's always good that you but but it's it's always good that you. But but it's it's always good that you create an account and get your own key create an account and get your own key. Create an account and get your own key early but basically you have here a early but basically you have here a. Early but basically you have here a playground to try out to get playground to try out to get. Playground to try out to get different metrics from different different metrics from different. Different metrics from different protocols for example Aqua over here is protocols for example Aqua over here is. Protocols for example Aqua over here is going to give us a response right it's going to give us a response right it's. Going to give us a response right it's going to tell us the pairs that are going to tell us the pairs that are. Going to tell us the pairs that are found in the Aquarius protocol right found in the Aquarius protocol right. Found in the Aquarius protocol right through IDs through their fees LP token through IDs through their fees LP token. Through IDs through their fees LP token supplies and whatnot and within this supplies and whatnot and within this. Supplies and whatnot and within this this is very early but we are working on this is very early but we are working on. This is very early but we are working on our AI endpoint which is quite exciting our AI endpoint which is quite exciting. Our AI endpoint which is quite exciting which is how can we talk to these which is how can we talk to these. Which is how can we talk to these metrics in a like a human would right metrics in a like a human would right. Metrics in a like a human would right and have this AI basically transform and have this AI basically transform. And have this AI basically transform all this information in something that all this information in something that. All this information in something that is more pable like asking hey what's is more pable like asking hey what's. Is more pable like asking hey what's the best APR pool today and the I tell the best APR pool today and the I tell. The best APR pool today and the I tell us just by quering the API and give us us just by quering the API and give us. Us just by quering the API and give us that information in in a way that is that information in in a way that is. That information in in a way that is understandable obviously this is still understandable obviously this is still. Understandable obviously this is still on the works and we're making sure that on the works and we're making sure that. On the works and we're making sure that the information provided is always the information provided is always. The information provided is always correct and is always coming directly correct and is always coming directly. Correct and is always coming directly from our API and that the AI doesn't from our API and that the AI doesn't. From our API and that the AI doesn't hallucinate right but I think this is hallucinate right but I think this is. Hallucinate right but I think this is really exciting we can see it being really exciting we can see it being. Really exciting we can see it being implemented in other protocol just to implemented in other protocol just to. Implemented in other protocol just to inject on that hallucination those are inject on that hallucination those are. Inject on that hallucination those are those are end points to be used by those are end points to be used by. Those are end points to be used by large language models and large language models and. Large language models and not generated by a large language not generated by a large language. not generated by a large language model absolutely so so yeah it would be model absolutely so so yeah it would be. Model absolutely so so yeah it would be easy for us to to integrate this in just easy for us to to integrate this in just. Easy for us to to integrate this in just in other protocols or or even in wallets. In other protocols or or even in wallets in other protocols or or even in wallets. For example right in the Stellar for example right in the Stellar for example right in the Stellar. Ecosystem there are many wallets so to ecosystem there are many wallets so to ecosystem there are many wallets so to. Have these little assistant that can ask have these little assistant that can ask. Have these little assistant that can ask this metrics very very quickly and just this metrics very very quickly and just. This metrics very very quickly and just give you an answer that is give you an answer that is. Give you an answer that is understandable I think could create understandable I think could create. Understandable I think could create quite a disruptive change if if if I may quite a disruptive change if if if I may. Quite a disruptive change if if if I may but but yeah I I'll leave the floor to but but yeah I I'll leave the floor to. But but yeah I I'll leave the floor to to Tim to silence you all know him I to to Tim to silence you all know him I to. To Tim to silence you all know him I to explain a little bit more the technical explain a little bit more the technical. Explain a little bit more the technical details of what was been worked on and details of what was been worked on and. Details of what was been worked on and yeah take it away Tim Tim you're mut you're. Tim you're mut you're muted oh wonderful that's good can you muted oh wonderful that's good can you. Muted oh wonderful that's good can you hear me now right yes fashion was hear me now right yes fashion was. Hear me now right yes fashion was talking a bit about the risk the risk talking a bit about the risk the risk. Talking a bit about the risk the risk metrics if you look at the get metrics if you look at the get. Metrics if you look at the get statistics endpoint you can see like the statistics endpoint you can see like the. Statistics endpoint you can see like the various actual metrics and weights that various actual metrics and weights that. Various actual metrics and weights that we make the score we make the score we make the score. From I plan to show those on the front from I plan to show those on the front from I plan to show those on the front. End in various ways right now it's just end in various ways right now it's just end in various ways right now it's just. Basically the aggregated scores but we basically the aggregated scores but we basically the aggregated scores but we. Offer a bunch of different scoring offer a bunch of different scoring offer a bunch of different scoring. Methods for different methods for different methods for different pools there's also a way to generate. Pools there's also a way to generate pools there's also a way to generate those for tokens right now right now. Those for tokens right now right now those for tokens right now right now we only offer it for pools publicly but. We only offer it for pools publicly but we only offer it for pools publicly but we plan to add the token. We plan to add the token we plan to add the token statistics soon you mentioned that. Statistics soon you mentioned that statistics soon you mentioned that the API doesn't require an API key right. The API doesn't require an API key right the API doesn't require an API key right. Now that's correct however it would now that's correct however it would now that's correct however it would. Require a key if you were like require a key if you were like require a key if you were like. Interacting from a different origin interacting from a different origin interacting from a different origin. So like if you wanted to use it on the so like if you wanted to use it on the so like if you wanted to use it on the. Client side of your website also Keys client side of your website also Keys client side of your website also Keys. Would be required for us probably in would be required for us probably in would be required for us probably in. About a week from now about a week from now about a week from now so just a heads up on that I don't. So just a heads up on that I don't so just a heads up on that I don't know what else the a the yeah the AI . Know what else the a the yeah the AI know what else the a the yeah the AI endpoints some of them are basically the. Endpoints some of them are basically the endpoints some of them are basically the. Same thing as the other end points but same thing as the other end points but same thing as the other end points but. They return the values in a much more they return the values in a much more they return the values in a much more. Compact and truncated way so that if Compact and truncated way so that if Compact and truncated way so that if. You were using this in a language model you were using this in a language model you were using this in a language model. Which which which got a little bit of experience with got a little bit of experience with. got a little bit of experience with that and you don't want to have a bunch that and you don't want to have a bunch. That and you don't want to have a bunch of excess data if you look at a normal of excess data if you look at a normal. Of excess data if you look at a normal API response object in Json it's got for API response object in Json it's got for. API response object in Json it's got for example the the label of the field on . Example the the label of the field on example the the label of the field on . For every every value and you really for every every value and you really for every every value and you really. Don't need that so like don't need that so like don't need that so like the AI end points are like they're. the AI end points are like they're the AI end points are like they're self-describing they they they return a. Self-describing they they they return a self-describing they they they return a schema schema Jon schema along. Schema schema Jon schema along schema schema Jon schema along with the data so that a large. With the data so that a large with the data so that a large language model is able to know what the. Language model is able to know what the language model is able to know what the data is and pars it it does things. Data is and pars it it does things data is and pars it it does things like truncates the addresses because it. Like truncates the addresses because it like truncates the addresses because it doesn't need the whole address most of. Doesn't need the whole address most of doesn't need the whole address most of the time you can change those opt you. The time you can change those opt you the time you can change those opt you. Can change those truncation things can change those truncation things can change those truncation things. With with URL prams different with with URL prams different with with URL prams different. Options those options are not yet options those options are not yet options those options are not yet. Documented because that's that that documented because that's that that documented because that's that that. System still in system still in system still in development as far as data validation. Development as far as data validation development as far as data validation. We plan to we plan to we plan to use simultaneously building like sore use simultaneously building like sore. Use simultaneously building like sore band contracts that allow you to use band contracts that allow you to use. Band contracts that allow you to use this data more or less as a this data more or less as a. This data more or less as a controller to make automated trades I controller to make automated trades I. Controller to make automated trades I don't know if don't know if don't know if . You showed them the the portfolio page you showed them the the portfolio page you showed them the the portfolio page. But basically you would set up an but basically you would set up an but basically you would set up an. Account contract that you then install account contract that you then install account contract that you then install. strategies strategies strategies too those strategies will tell the too those strategies will tell the. Too those strategies will tell the account when to make trades when to move account when to make trades when to move. Account when to make trades when to move liquidity things like that so you set liquidity things like that so you set. Liquidity things like that so you set like a base value or a base currency like a base value or a base currency. Like a base value or a base currency on the account right now that is only on the account right now that is only. On the account right now that is only like xlm usdc or euroc but in theory like xlm usdc or euroc but in theory. Like xlm usdc or euroc but in theory it could be anything and then it could be anything and then. It could be anything and then the account's goal is to generate the account's goal is to generate. the account's goal is to generate yields so it earns rewards from amms yields so it earns rewards from amms . Yields so it earns rewards from amms earns interest from amms claims and earns interest from amms claims and. Earns interest from amms claims and reinvests those and automatically moves reinvests those and automatically moves. Reinvests those and automatically moves your liquidity between different markets your liquidity between different markets. Your liquidity between different markets based on your the rules that you set in based on your the rules that you set in. Based on your the rules that you set in the the the strategy you can also make manual. Strategy you can also make manual strategy you can also make manual strategies where it's like you tell it. Strategies where it's like you tell it strategies where it's like you tell it exactly what pairs you want to use at. Exactly what pairs you want to use at exactly what pairs you want to use at what ratios and how off into to claim. What ratios and how off into to claim what ratios and how off into to claim rewards things like that but with. Rewards things like that but with rewards things like that but with that system it uses some of the data. That system it uses some of the data that system it uses some of the data from the API which is all calculated. From the API which is all calculated from the API which is all calculated using transactional data that's on. Using transactional data that's on using transactional data that's on chain and so what we plan to do is more. Chain and so what we plan to do is more chain and so what we plan to do is more or less have a an asset in the in the. Or less have a an asset in the in the or less have a an asset in the in the protocol that's in order to stake that. Protocol that's in order to stake that protocol that's in order to stake that asset you need to run a. Asset you need to run a asset you need to run a validation set on the data and then. Validation set on the data and then validation set on the data and then publish proof of that to the chain. Publish proof of that to the chain publish proof of that to the chain that is still very much in development. That is still very much in development that is still very much in development so we're trying to find ways to keep as. So we're trying to find ways to keep as so we're trying to find ways to keep as much data off chain as possible while. Much data off chain as possible while much data off chain as possible while. Still being able to accomplish what we still being able to accomplish what we still being able to accomplish what we. Want to with that want to with that want to with that system basically it uses on the back. System basically it uses on the back system basically it uses on the back end a swap aggregation system. End a swap aggregation system end a swap aggregation system that it Aggregates liquidity pools but. That it Aggregates liquidity pools but that it Aggregates liquidity pools but can work with many different types of. Can work with many different types of can work with many different types of liquidity pools. Liquidity pools liquidity pools different different different protocols and gives them all the same. Protocols and gives them all the same protocols and gives them all the same interface using adapters to allow our. Interface using adapters to allow our interface using adapters to allow our account contracts to be able to not. Account contracts to be able to not account contracts to be able to not necessarily have to. Necessarily have to necessarily have to specify what pool it wants to interact specify what pool it wants to interact. Specify what pool it wants to interact with it's able to derive it based on with it's able to derive it based on. With it's able to derive it based on yeah information that's on yeah information that's on. yeah information that's on chain chain chain so yeah we're also working on so yeah we're also working on. So yeah we're also working on a yeah chat a chatbot a yeah chat a chatbot a yeah chat a chatbot. System that system that system that will you know help you develop different will you know help you develop different. Will you know help you develop different strategies answer questions about like strategies answer questions about like. Strategies answer questions about like what what what's a good Market to invest what what what's a good Market to invest. What what what's a good Market to invest this in you know what Market has the this in you know what Market has the. This in you know what Market has the highest highest highest volatility things like that. yes I'm not sure what else to show yes I'm not sure what else to show you mentioned the O system the O systems. You mentioned the O system the O systems you mentioned the O system the O systems. Pretty cool it's on our back end we pretty cool it's on our back end we pretty cool it's on our back end we. Have our own we're like a a a SLE have our own we're like a a a SLE have our own we're like a a a SLE. Provider to this website this is like provider to this website this is like provider to this website this is like. Sort of like client side off using sort of like client side off using sort of like client side off using. Access tokens and refresh tokens but access tokens and refresh tokens but access tokens and refresh tokens but. We've made it in such a way that it can we've made it in such a way that it can we've made it in such a way that it can. Be integrated using a system very be integrated using a system very be integrated using a system very. Similar to SCP similar to SCP similar to SCP 10 to link your Stellar account to. 10 to link your Stellar account to 10 to link your Stellar account to your Hoops account and use so you you. Your Hoops account and use so you you your Hoops account and use so you you you'll be able to use your your your. You'll be able to use your your your you'll be able to use your your your signer for your savings account. Signer for your savings account signer for your savings account contract can be a pass key or a. Contract can be a pass key or a contract can be a pass key or a traditional wallet basically and then. Traditional wallet basically and then traditional wallet basically and then you can also like log into you have to. You can also like log into you have to you can also like log into you have to create your account using either your. Create your account using either your create your account using either your email or a social provider but once. Email or a social provider but once email or a social provider but once you've created your identity on our back. You've created your identity on our back you've created your identity on our back. End you can then link wallets to it and end you can then link wallets to it and end you can then link wallets to it and. Be able to log into our website through be able to log into our website through be able to log into our website through. through either a pass key which that through either a pass key which that. Through either a pass key which that pass key ends up being the signer on pass key ends up being the signer on. Pass key ends up being the signer on your account or through your wallet your account or through your wallet. Your account or through your wallet which could also be Aigner on the same which could also be Aigner on the same. Which could also be Aigner on the same account yeah we we really believe that account yeah we we really believe that. Account yeah we we really believe that pass keys are really essential for pass keys are really essential for. Pass keys are really essential for moving on in the future just to ensure a moving on in the future just to ensure a. Moving on in the future just to ensure a better user experience I think as better user experience I think as. Better user experience I think as we go along for for the everyday folk we go along for for the everyday folk. We go along for for the everyday folk just keeping a bunch of wallets it's just keeping a bunch of wallets it's. Just keeping a bunch of wallets it's difficult it's difficult to to remember difficult it's difficult to to remember. Difficult it's difficult to to remember those private Keys as well right so those private Keys as well right so. those private Keys as well right so past Keys We believe is the future and past Keys We believe is the future and. Past Keys We believe is the future and and we're looking forward to implement and we're looking forward to implement. And we're looking forward to implement this into Mobile as well with a simplify this into Mobile as well with a simplify. This into Mobile as well with a simplify version of the app so oh yeah to be version of the app so oh yeah to be. Version of the app so oh yeah to be clear all the Stellar off right now clear all the Stellar off right now. Clear all the Stellar off right now and pass keyo we have disabled because and pass keyo we have disabled because. And pass keyo we have disabled because we are developing this system against we are developing this system against. We are developing this system against main main main net and you know all the data is from. Net and you know all the data is from net and you know all the data is from mainnet and we don't want people. Mainnet and we don't want people mainnet and we don't want people to be risking real money until we've. To be risking real money until we've to be risking real money until we've had you know the contracts ready for. Had you know the contracts ready for had you know the contracts ready for release to the point where everything's. Release to the point where everything's release to the point where everything's been audited and that we know it's. Been audited and that we know it's been audited and that we know it's safe to use with real money right so . Safe to use with real money right so safe to use with real money right so we may offer a test net version at some. We may offer a test net version at some we may offer a test net version at some point it's a little bit hard because we. Point it's a little bit hard because we point it's a little bit hard because we have to build all the protocols on. Have to build all the protocols on have to build all the protocols on testnet as well in order to do that. Testnet as well in order to do that testnet as well in order to do that and then generate traffic through all. And then generate traffic through all and then generate traffic through all those. Those those protocols which protocols which protocols which for most things it's it's not needed. For most things it's it's not needed for most things it's it's not needed since we have live data to use you. Since we have live data to use you since we have live data to use you can basically simulate most things. Can basically simulate most things can basically simulate most things so yes so we leave you with a call to. So yes so we leave you with a call to so yes so we leave you with a call to action really to just go to the. Action really to just go to the action really to just go to the Discord under projects we have hoops. Discord under projects we have hoops Discord under projects we have hoops Finance just try it out try to break. Finance just try it out try to break Finance just try it out try to break things ask questions and and let us. Things ask questions and and let us things ask questions and and let us know what you would like to see in the. Know what you would like to see in the know what you would like to see in the app what would you think would be best. App what would you think would be best app what would you think would be best and yeah we're working on making. And yeah we're working on making and yeah we're working on making authentication as strong as possible so. Authentication as strong as possible so authentication as strong as possible so we can start keeping track of these. We can start keeping track of these we can start keeping track of these users and start helping new projects and. Users and start helping new projects and users and start helping new projects and. New developers to actually use this new developers to actually use this new developers to actually use this. Infrastructure that we believe could infrastructure that we believe could infrastructure that we believe could. Really change and shake things up with really change and shake things up with really change and shake things up with. Within within within Stellar that's really great it's Stellar that's really great it's. Stellar that's really great it's impressive to see how far you've come impressive to see how far you've come. Impressive to see how far you've come already I was just wondering U do you already I was just wondering U do you. Already I was just wondering U do you have any ideas what the timeline looks have any ideas what the timeline looks. Have any ideas what the timeline looks like when when are you planning to go like when when are you planning to go. Like when when are you planning to go live on mainnet live on mainnet live on mainnet. with the protocol with the protocol with the protocol I would say this summer but it depends. I would say this summer but it depends I would say this summer but it depends on when we are ready for the Audits and. On when we are ready for the Audits and on when we are ready for the Audits and then how long the audits. Then how long the audits then how long the audits take you know we're we're actively. Take you know we're we're actively take you know we're we're actively working on it there's parts of it that. Working on it there's parts of it that working on it there's parts of it that may go live on. May go live on may go live on mainnet sooner so we're trying to mainnet sooner so we're trying to. Mainnet sooner so we're trying to build it in stages so that it can build it in stages so that it can. Build it in stages so that it can be basically used as we devel each be basically used as we devel each. Be basically used as we devel each feature however that's probably going feature however that's probably going. Feature however that's probably going to be limited to like swaps and to be limited to like swaps and. To be limited to like swaps and liquidity deposit with draw initially liquidity deposit with draw initially. Liquidity deposit with draw initially with some of the automated strategies with some of the automated strategies. with some of the automated strategies then being added in so if that makes then being added in so if that makes. Then being added in so if that makes sense more or less trying to be able to sense more or less trying to be able to. Sense more or less trying to be able to launch what we can that we know is safe launch what we can that we know is safe. Launch what we can that we know is safe while still making it so that the the while still making it so that the the. while still making it so that the the system will fit together when it's live system will fit together when it's live. System will fit together when it's live so the the the the actual token is so the the the the actual token is. So the the the the actual token is issuance is probably going to come issuance is probably going to come. Issuance is probably going to come through you know once the account through you know once the account. Through you know once the account factories are audited and live because factories are audited and live because. Factories are audited and live because it sort of integrates with with the it sort of integrates with with the. It sort of integrates with with the treasury accounts that control the treasury accounts that control the. Treasury accounts that control the token token token so so yeah it'll take a little bit but. So so yeah it'll take a little bit but so so yeah it'll take a little bit but we are focused right now on on getting. We are focused right now on on getting we are focused right now on on getting all this on testet we we kind of have to. All this on testet we we kind of have to all this on testet we we kind of have to. Build a around a little bit to create build a around a little bit to create build a around a little bit to create. These new pools and and everything but these new pools and and everything but these new pools and and everything but. But testnet will be out soon I don't but testnet will be out soon I don't but testnet will be out soon I don't. Want to give dates maybe earlier maybe want to give dates maybe earlier maybe want to give dates maybe earlier maybe. Later but test net will be out so so later but test net will be out so so later but test net will be out so so. We can start seeing how this works we can start seeing how this works we can start seeing how this works. Behind the scenes and and to answer behind the scenes and and to answer behind the scenes and and to answer . Twitch I did not connect to Twitch twitch I did not connect to Twitch twitch I did not connect to Twitch. So I cannot chat but but yes Hoops so I cannot chat but but yes Hoops so I cannot chat but but yes Hoops. Wallet or something of the sorts is wallet or something of the sorts is wallet or something of the sorts is. Coming on the road as well I had coming on the road as well I had coming on the road as well I had. Worked on a wallet myself in the past worked on a wallet myself in the past worked on a wallet myself in the past. Many many moths ago so I'm we're many many moths ago so I'm we're many many moths ago so I'm we're. Probably gonna be retr I imagine that is probably gonna be retr I imagine that is. Probably gonna be retr I imagine that is going to be something of an app that going to be something of an app that. Going to be something of an app that allows you to interact with your your allows you to interact with your your. Allows you to interact with your your account contract easily to be able to. Account contract easily to be able to account contract easily to be able to. Do sends withdraw you know standard do sends withdraw you know standard do sends withdraw you know standard. Wallet stuff even though it is a a wallet stuff even though it is a a wallet stuff even though it is a a. Sor band contract so some way that Sor band contract so some way that Sor band contract so some way that. It could allow you allow you to use it could allow you allow you to use it could allow you allow you to use. Funds from that to interact with funds from that to interact with funds from that to interact with . Other parts of Stellar besides Soo yeah other parts of Stellar besides Soo yeah other parts of Stellar besides Soo yeah. When we think about Mobile Wallet I ask when we think about Mobile Wallet I ask when we think about Mobile Wallet I ask. You to think about pass keys I'll just you to think about pass keys I'll just you to think about pass keys I'll just. Leave it at leave it at leave it at that it sounds great really at the end that it sounds great really at the end. That it sounds great really at the end of the day your wallet like if if you of the day your wallet like if if you. Of the day your wallet like if if you you have your pass key issued from your you have your pass key issued from your. You have your pass key issued from your phone then then your phone really is the phone then then your phone really is the. Phone then then your phone really is the wallet so it's quite easy wallet so it's quite easy. Wallet so it's quite easy to make the system work multiple to make the system work multiple. To make the system work multiple devices just because of all the work devices just because of all the work. Devices just because of all the work that's gone into passwordless off that's gone into passwordless off. That's gone into passwordless off already by so many other already by so many other. Already by so many other people exactly and it just goes hands in people exactly and it just goes hands in. People exactly and it just goes hands in hands with the idea of smart savings hands with the idea of smart savings. Hands with the idea of smart savings accounts accounts accounts right okay just just. Right okay just just right okay just just quick TR oh so the the the UI looks amazing. TR oh so the the the UI looks amazing and and just what we've seen here this and and just what we've seen here this. And and just what we've seen here this last few minutes is looking very last few minutes is looking very. Last few minutes is looking very promising and then you have the API promising and then you have the API. Promising and then you have the API that's that's that's really well documented so who do you. Really well documented so who do you really well documented so who do you think is going to how is how is this. Think is going to how is how is this think is going to how is how is this going to be used who's is it more going. Going to be used who's is it more going going to be used who's is it more going to be used with the web interface or. To be used with the web interface or to be used with the web interface or is it more like a developer solution or. Is it more like a developer solution or is it more like a developer solution or both what are your ideas on what. Both what are your ideas on what both what are your ideas on what thoughts about that I think there'll be. Thoughts about that I think there'll be thoughts about that I think there'll be a lot of end users but I think that. A lot of end users but I think that a lot of end users but I think that there will also be Enterprise customers. There will also be Enterprise customers there will also be Enterprise customers I know we've talked to certain other. I know we've talked to certain other I know we've talked to certain other projects in the ecosystem that have been. Projects in the ecosystem that have been projects in the ecosystem that have been. Interested in using some of like the the interested in using some of like the the. Interested in using some of like the the scoring data like inside their apps scoring data like inside their apps. Scoring data like inside their apps for for for like profiles about projects and. Like profiles about projects and like profiles about projects and I figured we need all this data in. I figured we need all this data in I figured we need all this data in. Order to do the stuff we want to do with order to do the stuff we want to do with. Order to do the stuff we want to do with the automated accounts we might as well the automated accounts we might as well. The automated accounts we might as well make it easy for other people to build make it easy for other people to build. Make it easy for other people to build on top of it as well and on top of it as well and. On top of it as well and so I imagine also there's a a good so I imagine also there's a a good. So I imagine also there's a a good business opportunity in business opportunity in. Business opportunity in the the normalized data that we the the normalized data that we. The the normalized data that we provide provide provide so yeah it's kind of. So yeah it's kind of so yeah it's kind of both developer side it but I'd say both developer side it but I'd say. Both developer side it but I'd say most people would would know it through most people would would know it through. Most people would would know it through the web interface developers right we want to. Interface developers right we want to encourage them to use the API and and encourage them to use the API and and. Encourage them to use the API and and just people that have been in the just people that have been in the. Just people that have been in the default default default Stellar for for a while to use this tool. Stellar for for a while to use this tool Stellar for for a while to use this tool. And as we move along and and just more and as we move along and and just more and as we move along and and just more. People is being on board in Stellar people is being on board in Stellar people is being on board in Stellar. Every day right to just have the every day right to just have the every day right to just have the. Basis for this becoming a retail basis for this becoming a retail basis for this becoming a retail. Application right so to to have the application right so to to have the application right so to to have the. Everyone to really be able to use it and everyone to really be able to use it and. Everyone to really be able to use it and and get to this ideal of a universal and get to this ideal of a universal. And get to this ideal of a universal savings account which can be put as a savings account which can be put as a. Savings account which can be put as a retirement plan right which I believe retirement plan right which I believe. Retirement plan right which I believe is is something that that needs to is is something that that needs to. Is is something that that needs to change in the coming yeah our goals make change in the coming yeah our goals make. Change in the coming yeah our goals make an account that it's a yield bearing an account that it's a yield bearing. An account that it's a yield bearing account that's permissionless basically account that's permissionless basically. Account that's permissionless basically that anybody can have and it it you know that anybody can have and it it you know. That anybody can have and it it you know they they manage it but at the same time. They they manage it but at the same time they they manage it but at the same time. Our our our our application helps right so you our application helps right so you. our application helps right so you could build on top of it and make make could build on top of it and make make. Could build on top of it and make make your own your own your own interfaces I think that's good for. Interfaces I think that's good for interfaces I think that's good for everyone that's what absolutely. Thank you we are unfortunately running thank you we are unfortunately running out of time it was it was really. Out of time it was it was really out of time it was it was really great to see all the progress here some. Great to see all the progress here some great to see all the progress here some of your thoughts about about the the. Of your thoughts about about the the of your thoughts about about the the future of the project and what you're. Future of the project and what you're future of the project and what you're working on and I'll encourage everyone. Working on and I'll encourage everyone working on and I'll encourage everyone to go go take a look at it as as you. To go go take a look at it as as you to go go take a look at it as as you both said go find some errors go test it. Both said go find some errors go test it both said go find some errors go test it. Out yeah poke it yeah I would out yeah poke it yeah I would out yeah poke it yeah I would. Probably not use the data in anything probably not use the data in anything probably not use the data in anything. Live right now live right now live right now just the heads up just the heads up just the heads up. There there's no way we can promise there there's no way we can promise there there's no way we can promise. Every because there's the audits there every because there's the audits there every because there's the audits there. Haven't been any audits done yet so yeah haven't been any audits done yet so yeah. Haven't been any audits done yet so yeah and it's under active development very and it's under active development very. And it's under active development very active like we we merge to main quite active like we we merge to main quite. Active like we we merge to main quite often often often and every time that's that potential. And every time that's that potential and every time that's that potential breaks so many sleepless nights for sure. Breaks so many sleepless nights for sure breaks so many sleepless nights for sure. Thank you so much thank you so much thank you so much Carson I think I think it could be. Carson I think I think it could be Carson I think I think it could be fun to do an update in a few months and. Fun to do an update in a few months and fun to do an update in a few months and see where you are because this this. See where you are because this this see where you are because this this looks very. Looks very looks very promising yeah we're moving pretty fast promising yeah we're moving pretty fast. Promising yeah we're moving pretty fast I think I think we'll have plenty of I think I think we'll have plenty of. I think I think we'll have plenty of updates okay great and thank you for updates okay great and thank you for. Updates okay great and thank you for everyone who joined right now we're everyone who joined right now we're. Everyone who joined right now we're going to switch over to Discord where going to switch over to Discord where. Going to switch over to Discord where the court team is going to to give a the court team is going to to give a. The court team is going to to give a presentation about some of the some presentation about some of the some. Presentation about some of the some of the the proposals they are launching of the the proposals they are launching. Of the the proposals they are launching related to protocol 23 so see you related to protocol 23 so see you. Related to protocol 23 so see you over there thank you and join again next over there thank you and join again next. Over there thank you and join again next Thursday.
