Hi everybody hi everybody actually can you allow me to present my actually can you allow me to present my. Actually can you allow me to present my or to to or to to or to to share my screen here. Share my screen here share my screen here or the host I can help you share from my end if. I can help you share from my end if that's okay that's okay that's okay I think I can okay I can share as well. great welcome everybody as as gift great welcome everybody as as gift said said. Said we're going to introduce you we're going to introduce you we're going to introduce you. to dfs lab but more importantly the to dfs lab but more importantly the to dfs lab but more importantly the. Boot camp and what to expect from the boot camp and what to expect from the boot camp and what to expect from the. Event coming up event coming up event coming up and and and inca from Stellar is also going to say a. Inca from Stellar is also going to say a inca from Stellar is also going to say a. Few things about how bootcamp fits into few things about how bootcamp fits into few things about how bootcamp fits into. Their their their the community fund and the community fund and the community fund and. Also you know a little bit about what to also you know a little bit about what to. Also you know a little bit about what to expect from their side so here's our expect from their side so here's our. Expect from their side so here's our agenda we'll give you kind of a quick agenda we'll give you kind of a quick. Agenda we'll give you kind of a quick overview of sdf and it's something fun overview of sdf and it's something fun. Overview of sdf and it's something fun little bianca and then i'll give you a little bianca and then i'll give you a. Little bianca and then i'll give you a bit more about the boot camp bit more about the boot camp. Bit more about the boot camp so just to just to kind of quickly give so just to just to kind of quickly give. So just to just to kind of quickly give you an introduction to who we are at dfs you an introduction to who we are at dfs. You an introduction to who we are at dfs lab we we're an early stage investor lab we we're an early stage investor. Lab we we're an early stage investor in the african tech scene we invest very in the african tech scene we invest very. In the african tech scene we invest very early often at precede in startups early often at precede in startups. Early often at precede in startups that are digitizing the african economy that are digitizing the african economy. That are digitizing the african economy so so so we invest in a lot of marketplaces. We invest in a lot of marketplaces we invest in a lot of marketplaces. E-commerce b2b e-commerce social e-commerce b2b e-commerce social e-commerce b2b e-commerce social. Commerce commerce commerce and everything along kind of the the and everything along kind of the the. and everything along kind of the the the value chain of commerce in in the value chain of commerce in in. the value chain of commerce in in africa and we africa and we africa and we we have kind of a we're a very. We have kind of a we're a very we have kind of a we're a very research driven thesis based investor. Research driven thesis based investor research driven thesis based investor and our belief is that. And our belief is that and our belief is that you know while a lot of attention is. You know while a lot of attention is you know while a lot of attention is being paid to fintech and some of the. Being paid to fintech and some of the being paid to fintech and some of the other. Other other areas that investors are excited about areas that investors are excited about. Areas that investors are excited about we think the real prize is actually we think the real prize is actually. We think the real prize is actually using some of those tools to digitize using some of those tools to digitize. Using some of those tools to digitize the economy root and branch the economy root and branch. The economy root and branch and go from kind of cache based and go from kind of cache based. And go from kind of cache based and offline to digital based and online and offline to digital based and online. And offline to digital based and online so you can you can tell because of that so you can you can tell because of that. So you can you can tell because of that belief you can probably understand why belief you can probably understand why. Belief you can probably understand why you know we're very aligned with Stellar you know we're very aligned with Stellar. You know we're very aligned with Stellar because I think they have kind of a because I think they have kind of a. Because I think they have kind of a similar similar similar belief around you know digitizing the. belief around you know digitizing the belief around you know digitizing the. Economy and making finance economy and making finance economy and making finance seamless. seamless seamless and online and all that so and online and all that so and online and all that so. and we're as an investor we're very and we're as an investor we're very and we're as an investor we're very. hands-on we don't call ourselves an hands-on we don't call ourselves an hands-on we don't call ourselves an. Accelerator program because we don't do accelerator program because we don't do accelerator program because we don't do. Batches with kind of a fixed curriculum batches with kind of a fixed curriculum batches with kind of a fixed curriculum. We actually focus on the individual we actually focus on the individual we actually focus on the individual. Needs of each company but we're very needs of each company but we're very needs of each company but we're very. Very hands-on we spend we have you very hands-on we spend we have you very hands-on we spend we have you. Know a few folks dedicated full-time know a few folks dedicated full-time know a few folks dedicated full-time. Basically to supporting our portfolio basically to supporting our portfolio basically to supporting our portfolio. Companies and companies and companies and and and and we're basically there to help them. We're basically there to help them we're basically there to help them usually go from the early precede phase. Usually go from the early precede phase usually go from the early precede phase to . To to to their first seed round that's where to their first seed round that's where. To their first seed round that's where we generally tend to intervene we generally tend to intervene. We generally tend to intervene and and and    we . We we can't say too much about it yet but can't say too much about it yet but. Can't say too much about it yet but there's more coming in the partnership there's more coming in the partnership. There's more coming in the partnership area between us and Stellar area between us and Stellar . Area between us and Stellar around you know how we can help support around you know how we can help support. Around you know how we can help support more companies with more funding and more companies with more funding and. More companies with more funding and things like that so I can't say too things like that so I can't say too. Things like that so I can't say too much about it yet but should be some much about it yet but should be some. Much about it yet but should be some exciting stuff coming up in the future exciting stuff coming up in the future. Exciting stuff coming up in the future so so so that's us we have we have team in. that's us we have we have team in that's us we have we have team in in nairobi that's that's gift and. In nairobi that's that's gift and in nairobi that's that's gift and also joseph who who's there as well. Also joseph who who's there as well also joseph who who's there as well but we also have people in kenya and. But we also have people in kenya and but we also have people in kenya and south africa. South africa south africa I'm in paris steven other partners in I'm in paris steven other partners in. I'm in paris steven other partners in san francisco and we bring a whole host san francisco and we bring a whole host. San francisco and we bring a whole host of different skills of different skills of different skills. I won't go into everything but I won't go into everything but I won't go into everything but i. Think that gives you a little bit of a think that gives you a little bit of a think that gives you a little bit of a. An intro to who we are as an an intro to who we are as an an intro to who we are as an. Organization organization organization I could do you want to take over for a. I could do you want to take over for a I could do you want to take over for a sec and give us a little bit more. Sec and give us a little bit more sec and give us a little bit more background on Stellar and the community. Background on Stellar and the community background on Stellar and the community fund. Fund fund sure thing yeah that makes a lot of sure thing yeah that makes a lot of. Sure thing yeah that makes a lot of sense yeah so for everyone who sense yeah so for everyone who. Sense yeah so for everyone who doesn't know me and it's neon desk my doesn't know me and it's neon desk my. Doesn't know me and it's neon desk my name is ankur and I'm a program manager name is ankur and I'm a program manager. Name is ankur and I'm a program manager at the steli development foundation at the steli development foundation. At the steli development foundation or sdf or short bar we're going to say a or sdf or short bar we're going to say a. Or sdf or short bar we're going to say a lot of abbreviations today sdf scf so lot of abbreviations today sdf scf so. Lot of abbreviations today sdf scf so just just just preparing you for that and so sdf is a. Preparing you for that and so sdf is a preparing you for that and so sdf is a non-profit organization with a. Non-profit organization with a non-profit organization with a mission to create equitable access to. Mission to create equitable access to mission to create equitable access to the global financial system and as a. The global financial system and as a the global financial system and as a non-profit we shepherd the development. Non-profit we shepherd the development non-profit we shepherd the development and growth of Stellar which is a. And growth of Stellar which is a and growth of Stellar which is a decentralized open source layer one. Decentralized open source layer one decentralized open source layer one blockchain network that connects the. Blockchain network that connects the blockchain network that connects the world's financial infrastructure so. World's financial infrastructure so world's financial infrastructure so Stellar is really a. Stellar is really a Stellar is really a back end so to speak to power apps and back end so to speak to power apps and. Back end so to speak to power apps and services where anyone can issue store services where anyone can issue store. Services where anyone can issue store transfer and trade all sorts of assets transfer and trade all sorts of assets. Transfer and trade all sorts of assets seller also has built-in like account. Seller also has built-in like account seller also has built-in like account logic for creating accounts and assets. Logic for creating accounts and assets logic for creating accounts and assets signing transactions and tracking. Signing transactions and tracking signing transactions and tracking balances overall . Balances overall balances overall like Stellar is really purposely like Stellar is really purposely. Like Stellar is really purposely designed to streamline designed to streamline designed to streamline. Financial services and really unlock the financial services and really unlock the. Financial services and really unlock the world's economic potential by making world's economic potential by making. World's economic potential by making money more fluid markets more open and money more fluid markets more open and. Money more fluid markets more open and people more empowered people more empowered. People more empowered so there is like an exterior is an so there is like an exterior is an. so there is like an exterior is an open source which means that anyone can open source which means that anyone can. Open source which means that anyone can build whatever they desire on the build whatever they desire on the. Build whatever they desire on the network with no application or network with no application or. Network with no application or permission needed permission needed permission needed. And speaking of building on Stellar and speaking of building on Stellar and speaking of building on Stellar. I lead a program called the Stellar I lead a program called the Stellar I lead a program called the Stellar. Community fund or scf for short the community fund or scf for short the community fund or scf for short the. Second abbreviation second abbreviation second abbreviation which is an open application a grant. Which is an open application a grant which is an open application a grant program hosted by us that serves us. Program hosted by us that serves us program hosted by us that serves us the springboard for many businesses and. The springboard for many businesses and the springboard for many businesses and developers building on Stellar to turn. Developers building on Stellar to turn developers building on Stellar to turn their concepts into tangible products. Their concepts into tangible products their concepts into tangible products and services based on input from the. And services based on input from the and services based on input from the Stellar community we've actually it's. Stellar community we've actually it's Stellar community we've actually it's. Quite an old fund like we're together quite an old fund like we're together quite an old fund like we're together. With our predecessor it's been around with our predecessor it's been around with our predecessor it's been around. Since about like 2016 and has since about like 2016 and has since about like 2016 and has. Distributed almost 200 million xlm which distributed almost 200 million xlm which. Distributed almost 200 million xlm which is Stellar's native currency to is Stellar's native currency to. Is Stellar's native currency to hundreds of seller-based projects based hundreds of seller-based projects based. Hundreds of seller-based projects based on community input so that's pretty on community input so that's pretty. On community input so that's pretty exciting you know what's different I exciting you know what's different i. Exciting you know what's different I know that there are many grants out know that there are many grants out. Know that there are many grants out there for for blockchain so what makes there for for blockchain so what makes. There for for blockchain so what makes us different us different us different three reasons so on at scf all kinds. Three reasons so on at scf all kinds three reasons so on at scf all kinds of use cases and project scope sizes are. Of use cases and project scope sizes are of use cases and project scope sizes are. Welcome and where other grants may welcome and where other grants may welcome and where other grants may. Primarily focus on innovation on primarily focus on innovation on primarily focus on innovation on. Traditional like services scf also funds traditional like services scf also funds. Traditional like services scf also funds like d5 nfts community education like d5 nfts community education. Like d5 nfts community education and developer tool projects also the and developer tool projects also the. And developer tool projects also the community is actively involved in community is actively involved in. Community is actively involved in guiding and supporting the projects as guiding and supporting the projects as. Guiding and supporting the projects as well as voting for the projects they well as voting for the projects they. Well as voting for the projects they want to see earn a grant want to see earn a grant. Want to see earn a grant also also also fun fact scf grants have no strings. Fun fact scf grants have no strings fun fact scf grants have no strings attached so this means that grant. Attached so this means that grant attached so this means that grant recipients decide how to spend their. Recipients decide how to spend their recipients decide how to spend their grant and don't need to pay anything. Grant and don't need to pay anything grant and don't need to pay anything back so pretty pretty sweet I would say. Back so pretty pretty sweet I would say back so pretty pretty sweet I would say . so saf really operates biannually in so saf really operates biannually in so saf really operates biannually in. Form of rounds and right now the scf is form of rounds and right now the scf is form of rounds and right now the scf is. Welcoming submissions for its 11th welcoming submissions for its 11th welcoming submissions for its 11th. Iteration it's been 11 rounds already iteration it's been 11 rounds already iteration it's been 11 rounds already. With a total excellent pool of 8 million with a total excellent pool of 8 million. With a total excellent pool of 8 million so so so any developer team or company building. Any developer team or company building any developer team or company building on seller can submit to the scf and. On seller can submit to the scf and on seller can submit to the scf and request funding up to about like 200 a. Request funding up to about like 200 a request funding up to about like 200 a thousand dollars worth of xlm which. Thousand dollars worth of xlm which thousand dollars worth of xlm which depends on their project's code. Depends on their project's code depends on their project's code aside from funding participating in scf. Aside from funding participating in scf aside from funding participating in scf allows you to gather useful feedback. Allows you to gather useful feedback allows you to gather useful feedback from the community gain traction in the. From the community gain traction in the from the community gain traction in the ecosystem and also. Ecosystem and also ecosystem and also opens up unique opportunities for growth opens up unique opportunities for growth. Opens up unique opportunities for growth so yeah and for the first time ever so yeah and for the first time ever. So yeah and for the first time ever let's let's skip let's go to the next let's let's skip let's go to the next. Let's let's skip let's go to the next slide slide slide jake jake jake yeah for the first time ever . Yeah for the first time ever yeah for the first time ever submissions that get selected to. Submissions that get selected to submissions that get selected to participate in the scf. Participate in the scf participate in the scf and and and are eligible to participate in boot camp. Are eligible to participate in boot camp are eligible to participate in boot camp. Can announce now participating sorry can announce now participating sorry can announce now participating sorry. Can now participate in a virtual startup can now participate in a virtual startup. Can now participate in a virtual startup bootcamp from november 1 to four bootcamp from november 1 to four. Bootcamp from november 1 to four that will really like kick start their that will really like kick start their. That will really like kick start their journey on Stellar journey on Stellar journey on Stellar. Or even if you're already in Stellar or even if you're already in Stellar or even if you're already in Stellar. Ecosystem like help with a particular ecosystem like help with a particular ecosystem like help with a particular. Problem that you haven't been able to problem that you haven't been able to problem that you haven't been able to. Solve before with the help of experts solve before with the help of experts solve before with the help of experts. And facilitators from both sdf dfs lab and facilitators from both sdf dfs lab and facilitators from both sdf dfs lab. And the community so yeah and the community so yeah and the community so yeah. Over the course of a few days over the course of a few days over the course of a few days. Participants will work with these participants will work with these participants will work with these. Facilitators to facilitators to facilitators to find a problem storyboard a solution and. Find a problem storyboard a solution and find a problem storyboard a solution and. Develop a rapid prototype before getting develop a rapid prototype before getting. Develop a rapid prototype before getting feedback from the Stellar community feedback from the Stellar community. Feedback from the Stellar community fund fund fund from the Stellar community. From the Stellar community from the Stellar community but jake will tell you much much more. but jake will tell you much much more but jake will tell you much much more. About that just so you know before about that just so you know before about that just so you know before. If you want to get considered for if you want to get considered for if you want to get considered for. Participation submit your style based participation submit your style based participation submit your style based. Project to the staff before september project to the staff before september project to the staff before september. 25th and this is a little over a week 25th and this is a little over a week. 25th and this is a little over a week so it's really coming up so that is so it's really coming up so that is. So it's really coming up so that is the deadline before september september the deadline before september september. The deadline before september september 25th also I saw some questions in the 25th also I saw some questions in the. 25th also I saw some questions in the in the in the in the in the q and a. In the q and a in the q and a section here on the zoom so definitely section here on the zoom so definitely. Section here on the zoom so definitely add your questions there and we'll have add your questions there and we'll have. Add your questions there and we'll have a little a q a a little a q a a little a q a. Session like right after session like right after session like right after . Everything like at the end of the everything like at the end of the everything like at the end of the. Session right that's all from me and session right that's all from me and session right that's all from me and. yeah jake take it away yeah jake take it away yeah jake take it away thank you okay. Thank you okay thank you okay yeah that that was great so yeah that that was great so. Yeah that that was great so so yeah I'm gonna give you kind of an so yeah I'm gonna give you kind of an. So yeah I'm gonna give you kind of an overview of what to expect if you if you. Overview of what to expect if you if you overview of what to expect if you if you. Come to this event and come to this event and come to this event and we're really excited about it we we. We're really excited about it we we we're really excited about it we we always we've done a couple of these with. Always we've done a couple of these with always we've done a couple of these with. Stellar already in the past and they're Stellar already in the past and they're. Stellar already in the past and they're super super super fun for us because we get to see. Fun for us because we get to see fun for us because we get to see new companies who are you know often. New companies who are you know often new companies who are you know often new to Stellar they're trying to create. New to Stellar they're trying to create new to Stellar they're trying to create you know some kind of an innovation or. You know some kind of an innovation or you know some kind of an innovation or crack some difficult challenge in the. Crack some difficult challenge in the crack some difficult challenge in the financial services space. Financial services space financial services space and it's a very kind of a and it's a very kind of a. And it's a very kind of a intense interaction where we really get intense interaction where we really get. Intense interaction where we really get to go deep in what they're trying to to go deep in what they're trying to. To go deep in what they're trying to build what their challenges are you know build what their challenges are you know. Build what their challenges are you know etc we get to meet their team and all etc we get to meet their team and all. Etc we get to meet their team and all that kind of thing and so we really like that kind of thing and so we really like. That kind of thing and so we really like them and I think I think the seller team. Them and I think I think the seller team them and I think I think the seller team. Does too for the same reasons you know does too for the same reasons you know does too for the same reasons you know. If you just really get to if you just really get to if you just really get to dive in and for us it's also great that. Dive in and for us it's also great that dive in and for us it's also great that we get to be hands-on with each company. We get to be hands-on with each company we get to be hands-on with each company so we're not we're not just kind of like. So we're not we're not just kind of like so we're not we're not just kind of like. Lecturing about you know lecturing about you know lecturing about you know the future of fintech and all that kind. The future of fintech and all that kind the future of fintech and all that kind of stuff when you go to a normal. Of stuff when you go to a normal of stuff when you go to a normal conference the the boot camp is really. Conference the the boot camp is really conference the the boot camp is really you and your team coming and doing. you and your team coming and doing you and your team coming and doing work in a really intensive but. Work in a really intensive but work in a really intensive but structured way with help from a whole. Structured way with help from a whole structured way with help from a whole bunch of different people us experts. Bunch of different people us experts bunch of different people us experts Stellar etc so. Stellar etc so Stellar etc so it's not it's definitely not something it's not it's definitely not something. It's not it's definitely not something you want to think about like a typical you want to think about like a typical. You want to think about like a typical conference or something like that it's conference or something like that it's. Conference or something like that it's really you working on your product which really you working on your product which. Really you working on your product which is you know which is what you should is you know which is what you should. Is you know which is what you should be doing if you're running a be doing if you're running a. Be doing if you're running a so I'm going to start with kind of so I'm going to start with kind of. so I'm going to start with kind of just high level you know almost like the just high level you know almost like the. Just high level you know almost like the philosophy of a design sprint right so philosophy of a design sprint right so. Philosophy of a design sprint right so some of you probably done design some of you probably done design. Some of you probably done design sprints you know we didn't we didn't sprints you know we didn't we didn't. Sprints you know we didn't we didn't invent them and invent them and invent them and. we won't be the last to use them we won't be the last to use them we won't be the last to use them. but we have kind of our own version of but we have kind of our own version of. But we have kind of our own version of the design sprint that we do the design sprint that we do. The design sprint that we do and the real idea is that you test and the real idea is that you test. And the real idea is that you test and prototype a solution in just five and prototype a solution in just five. And prototype a solution in just five days days days and you start with and you start with . And you start with you know a problem you you you define you know a problem you you you define. You know a problem you you you define you know the challenge that you're you know the challenge that you're. You know the challenge that you're trying to overcome trying to overcome trying to overcome. And then we have kind of a step-by-step and then we have kind of a step-by-step and then we have kind of a step-by-step. Process once you've process once you've process once you've defined that problem. defined that problem defined that problem to go from there to a realistic to go from there to a realistic. To go from there to a realistic prototype that you can put in front of prototype that you can put in front of. Prototype that you can put in front of users and get their reaction and that's users and get their reaction and that's. Users and get their reaction and that's the critical thing about a sprint the the critical thing about a sprint the. The critical thing about a sprint the design sprints is you're trying to avoid design sprints is you're trying to avoid. Design sprints is you're trying to avoid building an actual product which sounds building an actual product which sounds. Building an actual product which sounds weird right like why why are we teaching weird right like why why are we teaching. Weird right like why why are we teaching you or why are we encouraging you to you or why are we encouraging you to. You or why are we encouraging you to avoid building product everyone else is avoid building product everyone else is. Avoid building product everyone else is telling you yeah build product that's telling you yeah build product that's. Telling you yeah build product that's the most important thing the most important thing. The most important thing but but but what's important is actually to build what's important is actually to build. what's important is actually to build product that people want and this product that people want and this. Product that people want and this approach of a design sprint is a way to approach of a design sprint is a way to. Approach of a design sprint is a way to fast forward into the future and say fast forward into the future and say. Fast forward into the future and say okay okay okay how are people reacting to this product. How are people reacting to this product how are people reacting to this product before we've actually built it so we. Before we've actually built it so we before we've actually built it so we don't have to waste the time building it. Don't have to waste the time building it don't have to waste the time building it. If they don't react in the way we hope if they don't react in the way we hope if they don't react in the way we hope. And and and it's a it's a great methodology it's a it's a great methodology it's a it's a great methodology. There's a few links here you can read there's a few links here you can read there's a few links here you can read. More about it I encourage you to do that more about it I encourage you to do that. More about it I encourage you to do that but that's the fundamental philosophy of. But that's the fundamental philosophy of but that's the fundamental philosophy of. What we're trying to accomplish with what we're trying to accomplish with what we're trying to accomplish with. This and this and this and and you'll be surprised how realistic a and you'll be surprised how realistic a. And you'll be surprised how realistic a prototype you can build prototype you can build. Prototype you can build so here's here's the process now some so here's here's the process now some. So here's here's the process now some of you have done of you have done of you have done. you know sprints based on the sprint you know sprints based on the sprint you know sprints based on the sprint. Book which we had to link to on the last book which we had to link to on the last. Book which we had to link to on the last slide slide slide or some of the other methodologies. or some of the other methodologies or some of the other methodologies this will look a little bit different. This will look a little bit different this will look a little bit different but it's okay you know a lot of the same. But it's okay you know a lot of the same but it's okay you know a lot of the same. Steps are there steps are there steps are there and the same fundamental outcome is is. And the same fundamental outcome is is and the same fundamental outcome is is there. There there so so so because because we kind of have limited because because we kind of have limited. Because because we kind of have limited time and we're planning to we're time and we're planning to we're. Time and we're planning to we're assuming that there's going to be a assuming that there's going to be a. Assuming that there's going to be a large number large number large number of participants we're going to try and. Of participants we're going to try and of participants we're going to try and have each participant team. Have each participant team have each participant team define the problem they're trying to. Define the problem they're trying to define the problem they're trying to solve before you show up so that'll be. Solve before you show up so that'll be solve before you show up so that'll be important to know is that you know spend. Important to know is that you know spend important to know is that you know spend. A little bit of time a little bit of time a little bit of time before we start on day one. Before we start on day one before we start on day one actually figuring out and defining a. Actually figuring out and defining a actually figuring out and defining a problem we're going to send you some. Problem we're going to send you some problem we're going to send you some exercises to do to make sure. Exercises to do to make sure exercises to do to make sure that you've actually done that because. That you've actually done that because that you've actually done that because it's actually. It's actually it's actually kind of a common problem we see with kind of a common problem we see with. Kind of a common problem we see with product designers and founders where product designers and founders where. Product designers and founders where they'll say oh I know what the problem they'll say oh I know what the problem. They'll say oh I know what the problem is but they actually haven't thought it is but they actually haven't thought it. Is but they actually haven't thought it through in enough detail to to really through in enough detail to to really. Through in enough detail to to really have a high resolution version of the have a high resolution version of the. Have a high resolution version of the problem so that's what we're going to problem so that's what we're going to. Problem so that's what we're going to ask you to do before before the event ask you to do before before the event. Ask you to do before before the event starts starts starts day one day one. Day one will then be to say okay will then be to say okay will then be to say okay. let's take the problem that we have let's take the problem that we have let's take the problem that we have. Map out what the sort of you know map out what the sort of you know map out what the sort of you know. Original customer journey is original customer journey is original customer journey is. And and and and think through where in that customer and think through where in that customer. And think through where in that customer journey we might want what do you sort journey we might want what do you sort. Journey we might want what do you sort of current or or standard you know of current or or standard you know. Of current or or standard you know industry standard customer journey and industry standard customer journey and. Industry standard customer journey and then where in that customer journey or then where in that customer journey or. Then where in that customer journey or that that sort of that that sort of that that sort of. Experience do we want to intervene with experience do we want to intervene with experience do we want to intervene with. The prototype that we're creating today the prototype that we're creating today the prototype that we're creating today. Right right right so that's day one it's really mapping so that's day one it's really mapping. so that's day one it's really mapping out the problem in high level detail and. Out the problem in high level detail and out the problem in high level detail and. And figuring out where we want to and figuring out where we want to and figuring out where we want to. Intervene intervene intervene day two and I'm going to show you day two and I'm going to show you. day two and I'm going to show you some examples of each of these in in some examples of each of these in in. Some examples of each of these in in in the next few slides so basically in the next few slides so basically. In the next few slides so basically you'll come up with a map and i'll show you'll come up with a map and i'll show. You'll come up with a map and i'll show you the map in a second right you the map in a second right. You the map in a second right day two you're gonna focus on which day two you're gonna focus on which. day two you're gonna focus on which solutions solutions solutions you you you know you wanna use in. you you you know you wanna use in you you you know you wanna use in your intervention. Your intervention your intervention and you're gonna generate actually a and you're gonna generate actually a. And you're gonna generate actually a whole bunch of solution ideas whole bunch of solution ideas. Whole bunch of solution ideas you know so you kind of widen the you know so you kind of widen the. you know so you kind of widen the funnel of ideas before you then narrow funnel of ideas before you then narrow. Funnel of ideas before you then narrow down on which which which particular one down on which which which particular one. Down on which which which particular one you think is the best and that process you think is the best and that process. You think is the best and that process of widening and creating new ideas we of widening and creating new ideas we. Of widening and creating new ideas we have a whole bunch of have a whole bunch of . Have a whole bunch of well not a whole bunch but we have a few well not a whole bunch but we have a few. Well not a whole bunch but we have a few steps steps steps and exercises to do to make sure that. and exercises to do to make sure that and exercises to do to make sure that. You really stimulate your creativity you really stimulate your creativity you really stimulate your creativity. And bring in you know the best ideas and bring in you know the best ideas and bring in you know the best ideas. From the team and make sure that you from the team and make sure that you from the team and make sure that you. Don't jump on the first idea that comes don't jump on the first idea that comes don't jump on the first idea that comes. You know comes to mind but you actually you know comes to mind but you actually you know comes to mind but you actually. Explore really deeply this set of ideas explore really deeply this set of ideas explore really deeply this set of ideas. Space in your head that you know sort of space in your head that you know sort of. Space in your head that you know sort of the set of the possible if you will the set of the possible if you will. The set of the possible if you will and then we have a similar set of and then we have a similar set of. And then we have a similar set of exercises where okay now all the team exercises where okay now all the team. Exercises where okay now all the team has kind of put all the ideas out there has kind of put all the ideas out there. Has kind of put all the ideas out there now we're going to narrow down now we're going to narrow down. Now we're going to narrow down using some anonymous voting and some using some anonymous voting and some. Using some anonymous voting and some ways of giving feedback that try to ways of giving feedback that try to. Ways of giving feedback that try to avoid biasing the solution based on avoid biasing the solution based on. Avoid biasing the solution based on who's the most convincing or who the who's the most convincing or who the. Who's the most convincing or who the feedback comes from often you know feedback comes from often you know. Feedback comes from often you know people people people think that you know because the ceo. think that you know because the ceo think that you know because the ceo said oh I like this one then that's. said oh I like this one then that's said oh I like this one then that's what we should do and at the end of the. What we should do and at the end of the what we should do and at the end of the day the ceo probably has to make the. Day the ceo probably has to make the day the ceo probably has to make the decision but. Decision but decision but we do think that it's better to we do think that it's better to. We do think that it's better to make sure that that everyone's kind of make sure that that everyone's kind of. Make sure that that everyone's kind of perspective and thought process is kind perspective and thought process is kind. Perspective and thought process is kind of treated equally in the initial part of treated equally in the initial part. Of treated equally in the initial part so that you you know you kind of narrow so that you you know you kind of narrow. So that you you know you kind of narrow down the designs based on best thinking down the designs based on best thinking. Down the designs based on best thinking and not on who's you know the most and not on who's you know the most. And not on who's you know the most senior or the most convincing you know senior or the most convincing you know. Senior or the most convincing you know some people just have a great way of some people just have a great way of. Some people just have a great way of putting it putting it putting it but that may not be the best idea so . But that may not be the best idea so but that may not be the best idea so so so day two. So so day two so so day two is really going to be about is really going to be about . Is really going to be about focusing down on okay what's what's the focusing down on okay what's what's the. Focusing down on okay what's what's the sort of product approach and solution sort of product approach and solution. sort of product approach and solution that we want to create that we want to create. That we want to create the next step after that and that's the next step after that and that's. the next step after that and that's kind of end of day two going into day kind of end of day two going into day. Kind of end of day two going into day three three three is is is first you're gonna storyboard your. first you're gonna storyboard your first you're gonna storyboard your your your. Your prototype they're pretty high level of prototype they're pretty high level of. Prototype they're pretty high level of detail detail detail now now now people always want to resist this they. People always want to resist this they people always want to resist this they you know they found their idea on day. You know they found their idea on day you know they found their idea on day two two. Two they want to jump right in and build it they want to jump right in and build it. They want to jump right in and build it but we really really push back on but we really really push back on. But we really really push back on that it's not a good idea and that it's not a good idea and . That it's not a good idea and the reason it's not is because the reason it's not is because. The reason it's not is because basically basically basically when you jump in and try to build. When you jump in and try to build when you jump in and try to build something you think you know what you're. Something you think you know what you're something you think you know what you're. Building because you've got this idea in building because you've got this idea in. Building because you've got this idea in your head but that idea doesn't have your head but that idea doesn't have. Your head but that idea doesn't have enough detail enough detail enough detail to actually be a coherent. to actually be a coherent to actually be a coherent feature on your product. feature on your product feature on your product and so what happens is you start. And so what happens is you start and so what happens is you start building you build you know part a and. Building you build you know part a and building you build you know part a and part c and part f. Part c and part f part c and part f and then you realize you gotta fill in and then you realize you gotta fill in. And then you realize you gotta fill in the other stuff and as you start to fill the other stuff and as you start to fill. The other stuff and as you start to fill in the other stuff that you weren't in the other stuff that you weren't. In the other stuff that you weren't thinking about you know when you just thinking about you know when you just. Thinking about you know when you just kick the thing off kick the thing off kick the thing off. You realize that i've got to redo part a you realize that i've got to redo part a. You realize that i've got to redo part a because it doesn't fit together better because it doesn't fit together better. Because it doesn't fit together better you know it didn't fit together well or you know it didn't fit together well or. You know it didn't fit together well or doesn't make sense now that i've thought doesn't make sense now that i've thought. Doesn't make sense now that i've thought through part b through part b through part b. And you start creating kind of a and you start creating kind of a and you start creating kind of a. Non-linear non-linear non-linear problem to solve where now everything is problem to solve where now everything is. Problem to solve where now everything is interrelated and you have to change this. Interrelated and you have to change this interrelated and you have to change this. When they have to change this and slows when they have to change this and slows when they have to change this and slows. You way down and you end up having to you way down and you end up having to. You way down and you end up having to often sometimes just completely restart often sometimes just completely restart. Often sometimes just completely restart and do the whole thing from the and do the whole thing from the. And do the whole thing from the beginning right beginning right beginning right most of you probably experience that at. Most of you probably experience that at most of you probably experience that at some point when you're dealing with a. Some point when you're dealing with a some point when you're dealing with a complex system like a product right. Complex system like a product right complex system like a product right so what we say what we say we encourage. So what we say what we say we encourage so what we say what we say we encourage people to do is spend the time it only. People to do is spend the time it only people to do is spend the time it only takes a maybe two hours to really create. Takes a maybe two hours to really create takes a maybe two hours to really create. A detailed storyboard that says okay at a detailed storyboard that says okay at a detailed storyboard that says okay at. Each step here's what we're going to do each step here's what we're going to do each step here's what we're going to do. Right right right there's going to be a button that button there's going to be a button that button. There's going to be a button that button is going to take you here you know it's is going to take you here you know it's. Is going to take you here you know it's going to you're going to do something going to you're going to do something. Going to you're going to do something you're going to put in some data you're you're going to put in some data you're. You're going to put in some data you're going to whatever you're going to do going to whatever you're going to do. Going to whatever you're going to do right right right all that stuff will be thought out. All that stuff will be thought out all that stuff will be thought out including including. Including pretty high level detail on content if pretty high level detail on content if. Pretty high level detail on content if there is any so if there's wording if there is any so if there's wording if. There is any so if there's wording if there's text if there's images there's text if there's images. There's text if there's images you can say okay we need an image here you can say okay we need an image here. You can say okay we need an image here we need to you know we need some wording we need to you know we need some wording. We need to you know we need some wording here here here then you go into the then you go into. Then you go into the then you go into then you go into the then you go into. The prototyping phase you've got a the prototyping phase you've got a the prototyping phase you've got a. Really detailed map you know that says really detailed map you know that says really detailed map you know that says. Hey hey hey you're going to do it's just like a you're going to do it's just like a. You're going to do it's just like a recipe that you follow and you are going recipe that you follow and you are going. Recipe that you follow and you are going to be so much faster in building your to be so much faster in building your. To be so much faster in building your prototype if you've got that recipe prototype if you've got that recipe. Prototype if you've got that recipe laid out or that storyboard so laid out or that storyboard so. Laid out or that storyboard so and then in the prototyping phase and then in the prototyping phase. And then in the prototyping phase that'll be day three and it'll actually that'll be day three and it'll actually. That'll be day three and it'll actually kind of kind of kind of you know go beyond day three a little. you know go beyond day three a little you know go beyond day three a little. Bit you'll have a bit of extra time bit you'll have a bit of extra time bit you'll have a bit of extra time. On day four as well on day four as well on day four as well where you'll be prototyping. Where you'll be prototyping where you'll be prototyping you will you will you will . Have support from us have support from us have support from us but in particular you have support. but in particular you have support but in particular you have support from the Stellar team there'll be some. From the Stellar team there'll be some from the Stellar team there'll be some engineer folks who you know know the. engineer folks who you know know the engineer folks who you know know the apis and and all the. Apis and and all the apis and and all the all the ins and outs of the of all the all the ins and outs of the of all the. All the ins and outs of the of all the different seller technology different seller technology. Different seller technology so that you know you won't get hung up so that you know you won't get hung up. So that you know you won't get hung up trying to read through documentation and trying to read through documentation and. Trying to read through documentation and things like that I mean their things like that I mean their. Things like that I mean their documentation is actually quite good of documentation is actually quite good of. Documentation is actually quite good of course but course but course but . But in any case they'll be folks who can but in any case they'll be folks who can. But in any case they'll be folks who can help you you know live in person as well. Help you you know live in person as well help you you know live in person as well. and and and there's gonna be the whole community and there's gonna be the whole community and. There's gonna be the whole community and I'm gonna get into that in a second I'm gonna get into that in a second. I'm gonna get into that in a second this is just kind of the sprint aspect this is just kind of the sprint aspect. This is just kind of the sprint aspect there's gonna be a kind of a whole extra there's gonna be a kind of a whole extra. There's gonna be a kind of a whole extra layer around all this layer around all this. Layer around all this which is the community part of it so which is the community part of it so. which is the community part of it so once you're done with your prototype once you're done with your prototype. Once you're done with your prototype you're gonna get in you're gonna get in . You're gonna get in you're gonna then test it with you're gonna then test it with . You're gonna then test it with with users and that's actually with users and that's actually. With users and that's actually something new we're doing this time if something new we're doing this time if. Something new we're doing this time if any of you were at the previous boot any of you were at the previous boot. Any of you were at the previous boot camp we didn't do that camp we didn't do that. Camp we didn't do that but it's it's supposed to be a integral but it's it's supposed to be a integral. But it's it's supposed to be a integral part of the sprint it's very it's part of the sprint it's very it's. Part of the sprint it's very it's actually the most important part in fact actually the most important part in fact. Actually the most important part in fact it's it's really why you do a sprint a it's it's really why you do a sprint a. It's it's really why you do a sprint a design sprint in the first place design sprint in the first place. Design sprint in the first place which is to which is to which is to you know find out what people think and. You know find out what people think and you know find out what people think and again we're gonna have to we're gonna. again we're gonna have to we're gonna again we're gonna have to we're gonna. Have kind of an integrated have kind of an integrated have kind of an integrated integrated process. Integrated process integrated process where where where people from the. People from the people from the community can be your user and give community can be your user and give. Community can be your user and give you feedback on how you know how the you feedback on how you know how the. You feedback on how you know how the experience goes when they use your experience goes when they use your. Experience goes when they use your product or test the feature or what have product or test the feature or what have. Product or test the feature or what have you you you and so you're we're gonna do some. And so you're we're gonna do some and so you're we're gonna do some workshops on how to how to do that. Workshops on how to how to do that workshops on how to how to do that testing in a way that doesn't bias your. Testing in a way that doesn't bias your testing in a way that doesn't bias your user it's very easy to bias someone. User it's very easy to bias someone user it's very easy to bias someone who's who's testing a. Who's who's testing a who's who's testing a product or a feature and they're kind of. Product or a feature and they're kind of product or a feature and they're kind of. Looking at you looking at you looking at you see like see like see like you know how do you feel when they do x. You know how do you feel when they do x you know how do you feel when they do x or y they don't want to hurt your. Or y they don't want to hurt your or y they don't want to hurt your feelings if it's clear that you're the. Feelings if it's clear that you're the feelings if it's clear that you're the one who built this thing you know they. One who built this thing you know they one who built this thing you know they don't want to say it's terrible or that. Don't want to say it's terrible or that don't want to say it's terrible or that they don't like it or they give you a. They don't like it or they give you a they don't like it or they give you a bunch of really positive feedback but. Bunch of really positive feedback but bunch of really positive feedback but it's not you know it's not real it's not. It's not you know it's not real it's not it's not you know it's not real it's not. Their gut it's not their real gut their gut it's not their real gut their gut it's not their real gut. Reaction reaction reaction so so so and there's a lot of other ways you can. And there's a lot of other ways you can and there's a lot of other ways you can buy us you know by the way you. Buy us you know by the way you buy us you know by the way you present it by the way you talk about it. Present it by the way you talk about it present it by the way you talk about it by the way you know. By the way you know by the way you know the situation you put the person in so the situation you put the person in so. The situation you put the person in so we've got we're gonna we have a we've got we're gonna we have a. We've got we're gonna we have a workshop plan where we're gonna give you workshop plan where we're gonna give you. Workshop plan where we're gonna give you some tools so that you know how to do. Some tools so that you know how to do some tools so that you know how to do. A user test session with a prototype a user test session with a prototype a user test session with a prototype. And how to collect the feedback and how and how to collect the feedback and how and how to collect the feedback and how. To organize that feedback into sort of a to organize that feedback into sort of a. To organize that feedback into sort of a useful useful useful output so output so. Output so so that's that's the basic sort of so that's that's the basic sort of. So that's that's the basic sort of step-by-step process of the sprint step-by-step process of the sprint. Step-by-step process of the sprint itself itself itself and and and you know. You know you know it like I said it's it's it's a lot it like I said it's it's it's a lot. It like I said it's it's it's a lot of fun it's very kind of both draining of fun it's very kind of both draining. Of fun it's very kind of both draining and energizing because it's pretty and energizing because it's pretty. And energizing because it's pretty intense intense intense there's a lot of steps and and you you. There's a lot of steps and and you you there's a lot of steps and and you you use in your brain a lot. Use in your brain a lot use in your brain a lot and you kind of kind of dump out all. And you kind of kind of dump out all and you kind of kind of dump out all your creativity and make decisions and. Your creativity and make decisions and your creativity and make decisions and then build stuff it's pretty cool. Then build stuff it's pretty cool then build stuff it's pretty cool and what we see is that often. and what we see is that often and what we see is that often within the within the within each. Within the within the within each within the within the within each company company. Company not only does it help not only does it help not only does it help you know really rapidly go from. You know really rapidly go from you know really rapidly go from you know some particular problem. you know some particular problem you know some particular problem you're having with your user base or. You're having with your user base or you're having with your user base or your you know user experience or. Your you know user experience or your you know user experience or whatever it is or you're trying to you. Whatever it is or you're trying to you whatever it is or you're trying to you know improve. Know improve know improve or if you're or if you're or if you're or if you're. or if you're or if you're fundamentally new maybe maybe you're fundamentally new maybe maybe you're. Fundamentally new maybe maybe you're just trying to build a very very very just trying to build a very very very. Just trying to build a very very very basic first version of the product if basic first version of the product if. Basic first version of the product if you don't have one yet you don't have one yet. You don't have one yet it really you know it definitely it really you know it definitely. it really you know it definitely helps do that really quickly and in a helps do that really quickly and in a. Helps do that really quickly and in a way that like I said is based on user way that like I said is based on user. Way that like I said is based on user feedback and so feedback and so feedback and so. Much more validated and much more likely much more validated and much more likely. Much more validated and much more likely to result in the final product that you to result in the final product that you. To result in the final product that you built you know being useful and liked by built you know being useful and liked by. Built you know being useful and liked by your users your users your users but it's often also. But it's often also but it's often also a way because you spend because you're a way because you spend because you're. A way because you spend because you're so focused and intensively working on so focused and intensively working on. So focused and intensively working on your product your product your product . And you're doing it in the context of and you're doing it in the context of and you're doing it in the context of. Seeing a lot of other teams do their seeing a lot of other teams do their seeing a lot of other teams do their. Products think through their challenges products think through their challenges products think through their challenges. And solutions etc you're interacting and solutions etc you're interacting and solutions etc you're interacting. With a lot of people who you don't with a lot of people who you don't with a lot of people who you don't. Interact with on a daily basis but who interact with on a daily basis but who interact with on a daily basis but who. Are you know experts in this area are you know experts in this area are you know experts in this area. you know our mentors and facilitators you know our mentors and facilitators. you know our mentors and facilitators us the Stellar team the community us the Stellar team the community. Us the Stellar team the community members you're gonna have some really members you're gonna have some really. Members you're gonna have some really I think most of the time we see teams I think most of the time we see teams. I think most of the time we see teams having these really interesting kind of having these really interesting kind of. Having these really interesting kind of revelations about revelations about revelations about. Their strategy their product you know their strategy their product you know their strategy their product you know. Their pathway to market their their pathway to market their their pathway to market their. Distribution distribution distribution all those other things that don't all those other things that don't. All those other things that don't necessarily fit directly into the necessarily fit directly into the. Necessarily fit directly into the storyboard that you know or the product storyboard that you know or the product. Storyboard that you know or the product that you're prototyping but that fit in that you're prototyping but that fit in. That you're prototyping but that fit in around it so it's a it's a it's a really around it so it's a it's a it's a really. Around it so it's a it's a it's a really valuable process I think and valuable process I think and. Valuable process I think and we see a lot of companies we see a lot of companies. We see a lot of companies getting a lot of value out of it I getting a lot of value out of it i. getting a lot of value out of it I wanted to just kind of quickly give wanted to just kind of quickly give. Wanted to just kind of quickly give some some some some examples just to illustrate what i. Some examples just to illustrate what I some examples just to illustrate what I was talking about so remember I talked. Was talking about so remember I talked was talking about so remember I talked about first day you draw out the pathway. About first day you draw out the pathway about first day you draw out the pathway. The user pathway the user pathway the user pathway and and then you figure you figure. And and then you figure you figure and and then you figure you figure out where you want to. Out where you want to out where you want to focus and intervene so this was a focus and intervene so this was a. focus and intervene so this was a this was one from a customer who was this was one from a customer who was. This was one from a customer who was doing a cash in cash out doing a cash in cash out. Doing a cash in cash out at a mobile money agent network in kenya at a mobile money agent network in kenya. At a mobile money agent network in kenya and and and you can see kind of all the different. You can see kind of all the different you can see kind of all the different process steps that are going on you know. Process steps that are going on you know process steps that are going on you know. They're entering their number they're they're entering their number they're they're entering their number they're. Talking to the agent and I won't go talking to the agent and I won't go talking to the agent and I won't go. Through everything through everything through everything and then the team wanted to forward on. And then the team wanted to forward on and then the team wanted to forward on sorry wanted to focus on these two. sorry wanted to focus on these two sorry wanted to focus on these two areas that are circled in green so that. Areas that are circled in green so that areas that are circled in green so that was sort of the end of their first day. Was sort of the end of their first day was sort of the end of their first day basically of sprint they came out you. Basically of sprint they came out you basically of sprint they came out you know this is this is what they come up. Know this is this is what they come up know this is this is what they come up with there's there's other steps and. With there's there's other steps and with there's there's other steps and other things they created. Other things they created other things they created but you know this was kind of the. but you know this was kind of the but you know this was kind of the main final output and it basically. Main final output and it basically main final output and it basically guides the creation of their solutions. Guides the creation of their solutions guides the creation of their solutions the following days to say okay we know. The following days to say okay we know the following days to say okay we know we know the process that where we fit in. We know the process that where we fit in we know the process that where we fit in. And we know what we want to change and we know what we want to change and we know what we want to change. That's essentially what you come out of that's essentially what you come out of that's essentially what you come out of. Day one with day one with day one with and what we're going to do we're still. And what we're going to do we're still and what we're going to do we're still we're still kind of. Fine tuning how we're going to have the fine tuning how we're going to have the interactions with the community members. Interactions with the community members interactions with the community members and things like that but we are going to. And things like that but we are going to and things like that but we are going to. We are going to find a way that you can we are going to find a way that you can we are going to find a way that you can. Sort of present and show this to the sort of present and show this to the sort of present and show this to the. Community probably via discord community probably via discord community probably via discord. And and and either get feedback people may vote on either get feedback people may vote on. Either get feedback people may vote on which which kind of problem which which kind of problem . Which which kind of problem you know you know problem diagram and you know you know problem diagram and. You know you know problem diagram and problem choice that they like the best problem choice that they like the best. Problem choice that they like the best et cetera et cetera so we're going to et cetera et cetera so we're going to. et cetera et cetera so we're going to have some kind of like have some kind of like. Have some kind of like really cool ways where you can interact really cool ways where you can interact. Really cool ways where you can interact with the Stellar community and really with the Stellar community and really. With the Stellar community and really get get get you know even more feedback and more. You know even more feedback and more you know even more feedback and more ideas and more. Ideas and more ideas and more more more sort of expert help with what more more sort of expert help with what. More more sort of expert help with what you're doing so this is the output of day two or it's. So this is the output of day two or it's one example anyway and what you can see one example anyway and what you can see. One example anyway and what you can see here is we got this three three pages I here is we got this three three pages i. Here is we got this three three pages I think each one is supposed to be a think each one is supposed to be a. Think each one is supposed to be a looks like an app screen on a phone looks like an app screen on a phone. looks like an app screen on a phone maybe maybe maybe and and and you know you're you're you're just kind. You know you're you're you're just kind you know you're you're you're just kind of going through a sign looks like a. Of going through a sign looks like a of going through a sign looks like a sign up process right there's a sign up. Sign up process right there's a sign up sign up process right there's a sign up button on the first page and then. Button on the first page and then button on the first page and then there's a you know looks like there's. there's a you know looks like there's there's a you know looks like there's. Some marketing lingo on the second page some marketing lingo on the second page some marketing lingo on the second page. So it's kind of an onboarding process so it's kind of an onboarding process so it's kind of an onboarding process. Right right right the next one is maybe a text message the next one is maybe a text message. the next one is maybe a text message based interface so anyway you know I based interface so anyway you know i. Based interface so anyway you know I don't know exactly what this I don't know exactly what this. I don't know exactly what this storyboard was supposed to be but it was storyboard was supposed to be but it was. Storyboard was supposed to be but it was supposed to be an onboarding process for. Supposed to be an onboarding process for supposed to be an onboarding process for. A savings app a savings app a savings app and and and you can also see how there's these blue. You can also see how there's these blue you can also see how there's these blue and pink dots you're probably like why. And pink dots you're probably like why and pink dots you're probably like why why are those all over the place. Why are those all over the place why are those all over the place so that's part of. So that's part of so that's part of one of the steps in the process is one of the steps in the process is. One of the steps in the process is people on the team and also other people people on the team and also other people. People on the team and also other people outside of the team can outside of the team can. Outside of the team can vote vote vote on which things they like best and which on which things they like best and which. On which things they like best and which things they like things they like things they like. you know that they think should go into you know that they think should go into. You know that they think should go into the final version of the prototype the final version of the prototype. The final version of the prototype and that's non-bonding you know it's and that's non-bonding you know it's. And that's non-bonding you know it's kind of like a kind of like a kind of like a. Thumbs up on facebook or claps on on thumbs up on facebook or claps on on thumbs up on facebook or claps on on. Medium you know it's just kind of like medium you know it's just kind of like medium you know it's just kind of like. People express their opinion and that people express their opinion and that people express their opinion and that. Gives you kind of this heat map of like gives you kind of this heat map of like gives you kind of this heat map of like. Oh boy there's a bunch of dots over here oh boy there's a bunch of dots over here. Oh boy there's a bunch of dots over here on the you know in some part we should on the you know in some part we should. On the you know in some part we should probably keep that and there's no dots probably keep that and there's no dots. Probably keep that and there's no dots in this upright no people didn't seem to in this upright no people didn't seem to. In this upright no people didn't seem to care about that part so maybe we can cut. Care about that part so maybe we can cut care about that part so maybe we can cut. It out or something like that it out or something like that it out or something like that. and eventually you'll have a couple and eventually you'll have a couple and eventually you'll have a couple. Of these because each you know there'll of these because each you know there'll of these because each you know there'll. Be more than one of these storyboards be more than one of these storyboards be more than one of these storyboards. Initially as remember I said we're going initially as remember I said we're going. Initially as remember I said we're going to first start with a bunch of ideas and. To first start with a bunch of ideas and to first start with a bunch of ideas and. Then narrow it down then narrow it down then narrow it down eventually the the decider on the team. Eventually the the decider on the team eventually the the decider on the team will . Will will will they make a choice and they may will they make a choice and they may. Will they make a choice and they may choose one storyboard or one sort of choose one storyboard or one sort of . Choose one storyboard or one sort of three three page you know three three page you know. Three three page you know thing or they might reconfigure and thing or they might reconfigure and. Thing or they might reconfigure and mix and match you can do whatever you mix and match you can do whatever you. Mix and match you can do whatever you want but the idea is to use this heat want but the idea is to use this heat. Want but the idea is to use this heat map and the feedback that you've got map and the feedback that you've got. Map and the feedback that you've got from the team to kind of choose okay from the team to kind of choose okay. From the team to kind of choose okay we're going to do this particular we're going to do this particular. We're going to do this particular idea for an onboarding or for a idea for an onboarding or for a. Idea for an onboarding or for a transaction process or whatever you're transaction process or whatever you're. Transaction process or whatever you're doing yeah so that's the first thing that. Yeah so that's the first thing that yeah so that's the first thing that again community is going to get involved. Again community is going to get involved again community is going to get involved. Here too same same as before we're still here too same same as before we're still. Here too same same as before we're still kind of fine-tuning how exactly that's kind of fine-tuning how exactly that's. Kind of fine-tuning how exactly that's going to work but they're you're going going to work but they're you're going. Going to work but they're you're going to be able to kind of show and get to be able to kind of show and get. To be able to kind of show and get feedback on some of this stuff and we're feedback on some of this stuff and we're. Feedback on some of this stuff and we're going to have I think some prizes and going to have I think some prizes and. Going to have I think some prizes and voting on like you know best best ideas voting on like you know best best ideas. Voting on like you know best best ideas and things like that so and things like that so. And things like that so so so so day day day three I believe will produce this. Three I believe will produce this three I believe will produce this storyboard so this is an example of. Storyboard so this is an example of storyboard so this is an example of storyboard I was talking about. Storyboard I was talking about storyboard I was talking about it's not super pretty. It's not super pretty it's not super pretty you can see you can see you can see. But it gets the job done so essentially but it gets the job done so essentially but it gets the job done so essentially. These are supposed to be a series of app these are supposed to be a series of app. These are supposed to be a series of app screens you know you can see the screens you know you can see the. Screens you know you can see the wireframes wireframes wireframes and in a few cases they. And in a few cases they and in a few cases they just photographed just photographed. just photographed hand-drawn diagrams and put them hand-drawn diagrams and put them. Hand-drawn diagrams and put them straight in there that's totally straight in there that's totally. Straight in there that's totally acceptable and cool acceptable and cool acceptable and cool. then they also put you know you can then they also put you know you can then they also put you know you can. See kind of the step-by-step see kind of the step-by-step see kind of the step-by-step . with the yellow sticky notes where with the yellow sticky notes where with the yellow sticky notes where. Each one kind of says you know what's each one kind of says you know what's each one kind of says you know what's. Happening at each step and happening at each step and happening at each step and you get a little bit of the kind of. you get a little bit of the kind of you get a little bit of the kind of the menu options and things like that. The menu options and things like that the menu options and things like that and and. And you know basically it's kind of like a you know basically it's kind of like a. You know basically it's kind of like a transaction flow on some level transaction flow on some level. Transaction flow on some level and so this is you know and so this is you know and so this is you know. doesn't have to be that you know that doesn't have to be that you know that. doesn't have to be that you know that you don't have tons and tons of detail you don't have tons and tons of detail. You don't have tons and tons of detail as long as you know what's happening on as long as you know what's happening on. As long as you know what's happening on each page and all the pages that you each page and all the pages that you. Each page and all the pages that you have to build and how they kind of have to build and how they kind of. Have to build and how they kind of interconnect to each other you know interconnect to each other you know. Interconnect to each other you know that's that's what you need to get done that's that's what you need to get done. That's that's what you need to get done and once you have that then it's really and once you have that then it's really. And once you have that then it's really easy then you just easy then you just easy then you just. You know then you're just heads down you know then you're just heads down you know then you're just heads down. You're building you're building you're building the other thing we usually do is . the other thing we usually do is the other thing we usually do is wire diagram for the transaction process. Wire diagram for the transaction process wire diagram for the transaction process. That's happening on the back end and that's happening on the back end and that's happening on the back end and. That's you know where that's you know where that's you know where you're gonna be interfacing with . you're gonna be interfacing with you're gonna be interfacing with the different parts of the Stellar. The different parts of the Stellar the different parts of the Stellar system system. System and you're in in your own you know your and you're in in your own you know your. And you're in in your own you know your own system as well own system as well own system as well. if you have one if you have one if you have one and so this usually helps kind of. And so this usually helps kind of and so this usually helps kind of clarify. Clarify clarify both the information and money flow if both the information and money flow if. Both the information and money flow if you know if it's a financial transaction you know if it's a financial transaction. You know if it's a financial transaction of some kind that's happening on the of some kind that's happening on the. Of some kind that's happening on the back end not everyone needs to do one of back end not everyone needs to do one of. Back end not everyone needs to do one of these but most people do it's usually a these but most people do it's usually a. These but most people do it's usually a valuable exercise doesn't take very long valuable exercise doesn't take very long. Valuable exercise doesn't take very long but again same idea it's basically but again same idea it's basically. But again same idea it's basically you're trying to just map everything out you're trying to just map everything out. You're trying to just map everything out so that you go to the building mode so that you go to the building mode. So that you go to the building mode you're not you're not you're not drawing the drawing the. Drawing the you know the the you know the the you know the the blueprint diagram blueprint diagram. Blueprint diagram as you build at the same time right you as you build at the same time right you. As you build at the same time right you have the blueprint then you build now I mentioned and alluded to some of. Now I mentioned and alluded to some of this stuff earlier but one of the this stuff earlier but one of the. This stuff earlier but one of the things that's really cool about this things that's really cool about this. Things that's really cool about this boot camp is and we're really excited boot camp is and we're really excited. Boot camp is and we're really excited about anyway about anyway about anyway . is we're introducing a bunch of new is we're introducing a bunch of new is we're introducing a bunch of new. Features and things we haven't done features and things we haven't done features and things we haven't done. Before before before and and and part of the idea was you know when part of the idea was you know when. part of the idea was you know when Stellar came to us and said hey you know Stellar came to us and said hey you know. Stellar came to us and said hey you know we've done smaller boot camps before we we've done smaller boot camps before we. We've done smaller boot camps before we have a lot of one-on-one have a lot of one-on-one. Have a lot of one-on-one stuff stuff stuff but we really want to make it so that but we really want to make it so that. But we really want to make it so that each company has a chance so so that a each company has a chance so so that a. Each company has a chance so so that a we can bring in a lot more companies and we can bring in a lot more companies and. We can bring in a lot more companies and make it more available to the entire make it more available to the entire. Make it more available to the entire sort of community fund sort of community fund. Sort of community fund participants participants participants and folks who are applying. and folks who are applying and folks who are applying and we want to make it so that it. And we want to make it so that it and we want to make it so that it interacts so that all of them get to. Interacts so that all of them get to interacts so that all of them get to interact and the process is interactive. Interact and the process is interactive interact and the process is interactive with the entire community. With the entire community with the entire community which is which is super cool it was a. Which is which is super cool it was a which is which is super cool it was a little bit daunting I have to say i. Little bit daunting I have to say I little bit daunting I have to say I think it was like hey guys you know go. Think it was like hey guys you know go think it was like hey guys you know go do go do that and you're like yeah. Do go do that and you're like yeah do go do that and you're like yeah that's gonna be complicated but actually. That's gonna be complicated but actually that's gonna be complicated but actually. It turned out it was a great idea and it turned out it was a great idea and . It turned out it was a great idea and we're really excited that we that we did. We're really excited that we that we did we're really excited that we that we did. It because now we come up with a whole it because now we come up with a whole it because now we come up with a whole. Kind of a new system that we think will kind of a new system that we think will kind of a new system that we think will. Do those two things a lot better and do those two things a lot better and do those two things a lot better and. It's gonna be a lot of fun so a few it's gonna be a lot of fun so a few it's gonna be a lot of fun so a few. Things to expect from this new approach things to expect from this new approach things to expect from this new approach. One is as i've mentioned a couple times one is as i've mentioned a couple times one is as i've mentioned a couple times. There's gonna be help from community there's gonna be help from community there's gonna be help from community. Members to test ideas get feedback get members to test ideas get feedback get members to test ideas get feedback get. Advice etc and the community members are advice etc and the community members are. Advice etc and the community members are gonna be kind of like activated and gonna be kind of like activated and. Gonna be kind of like activated and online and available and and kind of online and available and and kind of. Online and available and and kind of looking in you know on what's happening looking in you know on what's happening. Looking in you know on what's happening we're like I said we're still exact we're like I said we're still exact. We're like I said we're still exact mechanisms for that are still being mechanisms for that are still being. Mechanisms for that are still being developed but one one thing we're trying developed but one one thing we're trying. Developed but one one thing we're trying to do is pair to do is pair to do is pair. Each team each team each team with a community member that has with a community member that has. With a community member that has relevant expertise and a desire to kind relevant expertise and a desire to kind. Relevant expertise and a desire to kind of maybe some you know passion for the of maybe some you know passion for the. Of maybe some you know passion for the area that they're building on area that they're building on. Area that they're building on and sort of pair you so you get you and sort of pair you so you get you. And sort of pair you so you get you get an extra person on your team to kind get an extra person on your team to kind. Get an extra person on your team to kind of give new ideas and help move the of give new ideas and help move the. Of give new ideas and help move the process along and and be just like on a process along and and be just like on a. Process along and and be just like on a sounding board and things like that so sounding board and things like that so. Sounding board and things like that so that should be pretty cool you get to that should be pretty cool you get to. That should be pretty cool you get to meet someone new from the community meet someone new from the community. Meet someone new from the community another goal of this and like I said another goal of this and like I said. another goal of this and like I said you'll be showing the outputs of your you'll be showing the outputs of your. You'll be showing the outputs of your process as we go along to the community process as we go along to the community. Process as we go along to the community and getting feedback and getting feedback. And getting feedback but but you also of course being at the but but you also of course being at the. But but you also of course being at the end kind of showing your final product end kind of showing your final product. End kind of showing your final product is a great way to expose what you're is a great way to expose what you're. Is a great way to expose what you're doing to the broader community remember doing to the broader community remember. Doing to the broader community remember the the scf awards the the scf awards the the scf awards. are are a choice by the community are are a choice by the community are are a choice by the community. Itself not not just the the Stellar team itself not not just the the Stellar team. Itself not not just the the Stellar team and so you really you know you want to and so you really you know you want to. And so you really you know you want to expose people to it make sure they know expose people to it make sure they know. Expose people to it make sure they know what you're doing and that'll help a lot what you're doing and that'll help a lot. What you're doing and that'll help a lot when it comes time for the for the when it comes time for the for the. When it comes time for the for the voting on you know potentially on your voting on you know potentially on your. Voting on you know potentially on your project project project we've created a bunch of self-directed. We've created a bunch of self-directed we've created a bunch of self-directed modules and videos for each step of the. Modules and videos for each step of the modules and videos for each step of the sprint process so normally in the past. Sprint process so normally in the past sprint process so normally in the past basically I would go up and explain. Basically I would go up and explain basically I would go up and explain everything. Everything everything and then you you know you the sprint and then you you know you the sprint. and then you you know you the sprint participants would do it participants would do it. Participants would do it and with a facilitator now we're trying and with a facilitator now we're trying. And with a facilitator now we're trying to make it so you don't need to have a to make it so you don't need to have a. To make it so you don't need to have a facilitator and you don't need to have facilitator and you don't need to have. Facilitator and you don't need to have me talking to you me talking to you me talking to you. although we will have some points although we will have some points although we will have some points. Where you know myself or somebody from where you know myself or somebody from where you know myself or somebody from. Stellar we'll we'll jump in and just Stellar we'll we'll jump in and just Stellar we'll we'll jump in and just. Kind of talk to the whole group kind of talk to the whole group kind of talk to the whole group. but we're trying to make it a lot but we're trying to make it a lot but we're trying to make it a lot. More self-directed so some teams will more self-directed so some teams will more self-directed so some teams will. Probably be able to go a little bit probably be able to go a little bit probably be able to go a little bit. Faster some may faster some may faster some may you know want to take more time in a. You know want to take more time in a you know want to take more time in a particular area and so make it a lot. Particular area and so make it a lot particular area and so make it a lot better for everything for the. Better for everything for the better for everything for the suspense you won't be forced to move. Suspense you won't be forced to move suspense you won't be forced to move along at the same speed as everybody. Along at the same speed as everybody along at the same speed as everybody else else. Else we're also going to have kind of some we're also going to have kind of some we're also going to have kind of some. Fun gamification quote unquote where fun gamification quote unquote where fun gamification quote unquote where. You know as the community sees what you know as the community sees what you know as the community sees what. People are doing people are doing people are doing we're going to kind of create some. we're going to kind of create some we're going to kind of create some ways for them to react and and you know. Ways for them to react and and you know ways for them to react and and you know promote certain ideas or teams id you. Promote certain ideas or teams id you promote certain ideas or teams id you. Know products know products know products we want it to be positive and we want it to be positive and. we want it to be positive and inclusive not you know like there's no inclusive not you know like there's no. Inclusive not you know like there's no down voting there's only uploading down voting there's only uploading. Down voting there's only uploading but you know and there'll be a lot of but you know and there'll be a lot of. But you know and there'll be a lot of ways in which to get recognized not not ways in which to get recognized not not. Ways in which to get recognized not not just like you know does everyone like just like you know does everyone like. Just like you know does everyone like this or not but like you know the most this or not but like you know the most. This or not but like you know the most improved or the kind of the coolest improved or the kind of the coolest. Improved or the kind of the coolest ideas in different different kind of ideas in different different kind of. Ideas in different different kind of categories and all that kind of stuff categories and all that kind of stuff. Categories and all that kind of stuff and Stellar has been generous enough and Stellar has been generous enough. And Stellar has been generous enough to give small amount of money for cash to give small amount of money for cash. To give small amount of money for cash prizes so prizes so prizes so some of the winners in different. Some of the winners in different some of the winners in different categories are going to take a little. Categories are going to take a little categories are going to take a little bit of cash home in your pocket it's not. Bit of cash home in your pocket it's not bit of cash home in your pocket it's not. Not you know not tons not not you know not tons not not you know not tons not it's not retirement money but you. It's not retirement money but you it's not retirement money but you know just a small amount to kind of like. Know just a small amount to kind of like know just a small amount to kind of like. get people's blood going a little bit get people's blood going a little bit. get people's blood going a little bit make sure everyone's engaged and make sure everyone's engaged and . Make sure everyone's engaged and trying to put your best foot forward trying to put your best foot forward. Trying to put your best foot forward we're also gonna have global time zone we're also gonna have global time zone. We're also gonna have global time zone coverage so basically you can do coverage so basically you can do. Coverage so basically you can do this sprint from anywhere in the world this sprint from anywhere in the world. This sprint from anywhere in the world and we will have and we will have and we will have. Facilitators available at least one facilitators available at least one facilitators available at least one . Facilitator and hopefully one facilitator and hopefully one facilitator and hopefully one. technical person available at all technical person available at all technical person available at all. Times basically times basically times basically which should be exciting which should be exciting. Which should be exciting and a lot again it'll allow us to have and a lot again it'll allow us to have. And a lot again it'll allow us to have companies from all over you know companies from all over you know. Companies from all over you know entrants from all over the world who entrants from all over the world who. Entrants from all over the world who participate participate participate and to be a lot more participants. and to be a lot more participants and to be a lot more participants last time I think we had nine and. Last time I think we had nine and last time I think we had nine and this time I don't know how many we're. This time I don't know how many we're this time I don't know how many we're gonna have but it's looking like you. Gonna have but it's looking like you gonna have but it's looking like you know 30 40 1950 so. Know 30 40 1950 so know 30 40 1950 so so yeah it's gonna be exciting it's so yeah it's gonna be exciting it's. so yeah it's gonna be exciting it's gonna be it's gonna be cool there's gonna be it's gonna be cool there's. Gonna be it's gonna be cool there's gonna be a lot of different ideas and gonna be a lot of different ideas and. Gonna be a lot of different ideas and products and products and products and cool new technologies so we're. Cool new technologies so we're cool new technologies so we're definitely looking forward to it. Definitely looking forward to it definitely looking forward to it so after all that . So after all that so after all that you know you know you know this slide just kind of gives you the. This slide just kind of gives you the this slide just kind of gives you the very basic boil down boiled down version. Very basic boil down boiled down version very basic boil down boiled down version. Of what to expect you come in with an of what to expect you come in with an of what to expect you come in with an. Idea and a problem you want to solve idea and a problem you want to solve idea and a problem you want to solve. And you leave with a validated prototype and you leave with a validated prototype. And you leave with a validated prototype product and maybe some cash so it's a really valuable experience. So it's a really valuable experience and if you've ever done a sprint and if you've ever done a sprint . And if you've ever done a sprint you'll know what I mean because almost you'll know what I mean because almost. You'll know what I mean because almost everybody who goes through them is like everybody who goes through them is like. Everybody who goes through them is like oh I'm gonna do another one right away oh I'm gonna do another one right away. Oh I'm gonna do another one right away and if nothing else you'll learn the and if nothing else you'll learn the. and if nothing else you'll learn the methodology and methodology and methodology and . And you'll take it home with you and you and you'll take it home with you and you. And you'll take it home with you and you can you can do it again so can you can do it again so . Can you can do it again so gift I'm gonna hand it back to you gift I'm gonna hand it back to you. Gift I'm gonna hand it back to you thanks everybody I don't know do we thanks everybody I don't know do we. Thanks everybody I don't know do we shoot you guys want any questions or shoot you guys want any questions or. Shoot you guys want any questions or other questions maybe that I should other questions maybe that I should. Other questions maybe that I should answer answer answer I haven't been I haven't been . I haven't been so yeah there are actually a bunch of so yeah there are actually a bunch of. So yeah there are actually a bunch of questions on the q and a chats but questions on the q and a chats but . Questions on the q and a chats but let's give room for let's give room for let's give room for. Emmanuel to share their experience as I to share their experience as I mentioned earlier emmanuel . Mentioned earlier emmanuel mentioned earlier emmanuel was a past you know participant at. Was a past you know participant at was a past you know participant at one of the bootcamps we had and you know. One of the bootcamps we had and you know one of the bootcamps we had and you know. Also one of the winners same with the also one of the winners same with the also one of the winners same with the. Crop the cash team so they will pretty crop the cash team so they will pretty crop the cash team so they will pretty. Much be sharing what their what their much be sharing what their what their much be sharing what their what their. Experience was like experience was like experience was like as well as maybe also give us a bit. As well as maybe also give us a bit as well as maybe also give us a bit of you know what they've been up to. Of you know what they've been up to of you know what they've been up to since the boot camp. Since the boot camp since the boot camp so yeah over to your manual so yeah over to your manual. so yeah over to your manual should I should I stop sharing are should I should I stop sharing are. Should I should I stop sharing are you guys gonna go on video so people can you guys gonna go on video so people can. You guys gonna go on video so people can see you live or sorry gif we lost you should I stop. Sorry gif we lost you should I stop sharing sharing sharing yes you can stop sharing yeah. Where are you guys where are you guys okay I can go now okay I can go now okay I can go now. Yes you can yes you can yes you can all right awesome thank you so much all right awesome thank you so much. All right awesome thank you so much gifts thanks so much I felt like what gifts thanks so much I felt like what. Gifts thanks so much I felt like what would coffee came while he was giving would coffee came while he was giving. Would coffee came while he was giving the presentation a lot of the presentation a lot of . The presentation a lot of you know not started like just how you know not started like just how. you know not started like just how many months by the way my name is many months by the way my name is. Many months by the way my name is aristic manuel I'm the ceo and the aristic manuel I'm the ceo and the. Aristic manuel I'm the ceo and the co-founder of link co-founder of link co-founder of link. We are building with three crossroads we are building with three crossroads we are building with three crossroads. Premise infrastructure for africa we premise infrastructure for africa we premise infrastructure for africa we. Are opportunity are opportunity are opportunity to be part of the dfs lab and to be part of the dfs lab and . To be part of the dfs lab and bootcamp bootcamp bootcamp probably at the beginning of the year. Probably at the beginning of the year probably at the beginning of the year around april. Around april around april really was really fun experience for us really was really fun experience for us. Really was really fun experience for us I you know I told when I spoke to anchor I you know I told when I spoke to anchor. I you know I told when I spoke to anchor last I was like that was the last I was like that was the. Last I was like that was the highlight of the year for us really got highlight of the year for us really got. Highlight of the year for us really got the ball rolling borrowing towards us the ball rolling borrowing towards us. The ball rolling borrowing towards us building products towards relieving us building products towards relieving us. Building products towards relieving us going going going to market going going going to market. Going going going to market I think with my for my team I think I think with my for my team I think. I think with my for my team I think one of the things we would one of the things we would. One of the things we would really always remember were really really always remember were really. Really always remember were really stepping back really taking a breath of stepping back really taking a breath of. Stepping back really taking a breath of the whole experience right to really the whole experience right to really. The whole experience right to really understand because when we came into the understand because when we came into the. Understand because when we came into the bootcamp we had bootcamp we had bootcamp we had. Built just a piece of stuff around on built just a piece of stuff around on built just a piece of stuff around on. The Stellar blockchain so we're quite the Stellar blockchain so we're quite the Stellar blockchain so we're quite. Confident we're like okay you know what confident we're like okay you know what confident we're like okay you know what. We can you know skip the chase and go we can you know skip the chase and go we can you know skip the chase and go. Straight to day three or you know the straight to day three or you know the. Straight to day three or you know the fourth day five to them would be but fourth day five to them would be but . Fourth day five to them would be but you know we had an awesome facilitator I you know we had an awesome facilitator i. You know we had an awesome facilitator I was really able to was really able to was really able to. Walk us through day by day from the walk us through day by day from the walk us through day by day from the. Springs we got to ask ourselves the springs we got to ask ourselves the springs we got to ask ourselves the. Toughest questions from the sprints to toughest questions from the sprints to toughest questions from the sprints to. The crazy eights I think crazy eights the crazy eights I think crazy eights . The crazy eights I think crazy eights whenever we get crazy ate and it really whenever we get crazy ate and it really. Whenever we get crazy ate and it really made us understand what we are building. Made us understand what we are building made us understand what we are building who are building for so until today . Who are building for so until today who are building for so until today one of the the things that we were able. One of the the things that we were able one of the the things that we were able to take out from the boots camp really. To take out from the boots camp really to take out from the boots camp really informs our decision even around product. Informs our decision even around product informs our decision even around product. Deployments even around understanding ui deployments even around understanding ui. Deployments even around understanding ui ux and really trying to understand okay ux and really trying to understand okay. Ux and really trying to understand okay yeah if you have a button there yeah if you have a button there . Yeah if you have a button there would that be a ux problem or how long would that be a ux problem or how long. Would that be a ux problem or how long is your solution compared to maybe an. Is your solution compared to maybe an is your solution compared to maybe an existing solution so you're really. Existing solution so you're really existing solution so you're really thinking about things we went down to. Thinking about things we went down to thinking about things we went down to marketing so for us was a really fun. Marketing so for us was a really fun marketing so for us was a really fun experience a great one we got to learn a. Experience a great one we got to learn a experience a great one we got to learn a. Lot lot lot anything just I think it was a week yeah anything just I think it was a week yeah. Anything just I think it was a week yeah really week my team really you really week my team really you. Really week my team really you know said okay this week we're really know said okay this week we're really. Know said okay this week we're really going to put our minds in I think after going to put our minds in I think after. Going to put our minds in I think after the first day and we really saw how it the first day and we really saw how it. The first day and we really saw how it was but I think it lasted from 12 p.m was but I think it lasted from 12 p.m. Was but I think it lasted from 12 p.m at 10 to 5 p.m so it can be a bit at 10 to 5 p.m so it can be a bit. At 10 to 5 p.m so it can be a bit exhausting but trust me after after exhausting but trust me after after. Exhausting but trust me after after after the full week we're able to after the full week we're able to. After the full week we're able to absorb a lot out of it learn like absorb a lot out of it learn like. Absorb a lot out of it learn like we felt like we even knew anything and we felt like we even knew anything and. We felt like we even knew anything and then from there it really was a then from there it really was a. Then from there it really was a springboard through everything we're springboard through everything we're. Springboard through everything we're able to undo today in fact after me able to undo today in fact after me. Able to undo today in fact after me after that I'm just probably or two after that I'm just probably or two. After that I'm just probably or two months later who are part of the months later who are part of the. Months later who are part of the Stellar community fund which is by the Stellar community fund which is by the. Stellar community fund which is by the way like you know doing something way like you know doing something. Way like you know doing something together I would put some really awesome together I would put some really awesome. Together I would put some really awesome stuff and we're winners of that too as stuff and we're winners of that too as. Stuff and we're winners of that too as well so yeah so my experiences well so yeah so my experiences. Well so yeah so my experiences throughout the bootcamp I would say like throughout the bootcamp I would say like. Throughout the bootcamp I would say like like I said the bootcamp was a highlight. Like I said the bootcamp was a highlight like I said the bootcamp was a highlight. For us and really was that a major for us and really was that a major for us and really was that a major. Springboard to most of the things we're springboard to most of the things we're springboard to most of the things we're. Able to do today we've had awesome able to do today we've had awesome able to do today we've had awesome. Partnerships since after the boot camp partnerships since after the boot camp partnerships since after the boot camp. With with with companies in financial space and other companies in financial space and other. Companies in financial space and other financial spaces in crypto space in financial spaces in crypto space in. Financial spaces in crypto space in and out of africa to really help us and out of africa to really help us. And out of africa to really help us enrich our mission like Stellar was enrich our mission like Stellar was. Enrich our mission like Stellar was beautiful because weather payments still beautiful because weather payments still. Beautiful because weather payments still was built for payments and and when you was built for payments and and when you. Was built for payments and and when you have Stellar helping you really solve have Stellar helping you really solve. Have Stellar helping you really solve those difficult problems and payments in those difficult problems and payments in. Those difficult problems and payments in africa and then you have the boots can africa and then you have the boots can. Africa and then you have the boots can really shaken in that your idea to really shaken in that your idea to. Really shaken in that your idea to really make you understand the things really make you understand the things. Really make you understand the things you should really do you should really do you should really do. You're in the right place so yeah thank you're in the right place so yeah thank you're in the right place so yeah thank. You very much you very much you very much thank you so much emmanuel that was thank you so much emmanuel that was. Thank you so much emmanuel that was really really you know great a great really really you know great a great . Really really you know great a great experience rundown experience rundown experience rundown. I'm sure a lot of you know other to I'm sure a lot of you know other to I'm sure a lot of you know other to. Be participants would get you know a be participants would get you know a be participants would get you know a. Really good insight on what to expect really good insight on what to expect really good insight on what to expect. Thank you so much for also taking the thank you so much for also taking the thank you so much for also taking the. Time to you know come share your time to you know come share your time to you know come share your. Experience experience experience so yeah over to you marvellous okay okay . Good day everybody good day everybody good day everybody I'm marvelous aquinola a cropster crash. I'm marvelous aquinola a cropster crash I'm marvelous aquinola a cropster crash member and a participant of the Stellar. Member and a participant of the Stellar member and a participant of the Stellar bootcamp around april. Bootcamp around april bootcamp around april in crop to catch a season prospective. In crop to catch a season prospective in crop to catch a season prospective opportunities at the early stage. Opportunities at the early stage opportunities at the early stage and seeing through them is one important. And seeing through them is one important and seeing through them is one important. Thing we do not joke with thing we do not joke with thing we do not joke with the knowledge of having to integrate. the knowledge of having to integrate the knowledge of having to integrate into our existing platform was. Into our existing platform was into our existing platform was mind-blowing a lot of deep thought. Mind-blowing a lot of deep thought mind-blowing a lot of deep thought needed to be put in place. Needed to be put in place needed to be put in place I'm forced to see the opportunity that. I'm forced to see the opportunity that I'm forced to see the opportunity that comes with it and. Comes with it and comes with it and to see how we can mitigate the to see how we can mitigate the. To see how we can mitigate the challenges challenges challenges to recommit to get the challenges of. To recommit to get the challenges of to recommit to get the challenges of integration into our existing platform. Integration into our existing platform integration into our existing platform and also to use to use the use case. And also to use to use the use case and also to use to use the use case challenges considering our major targets. Challenges considering our major targets challenges considering our major targets. Being mostly uneducated being mostly uneducated being mostly uneducated the experience generally was intriguing. The experience generally was intriguing the experience generally was intriguing and challenging at the same time given. And challenging at the same time given and challenging at the same time given that there are a lot of there are a lot. That there are a lot of there are a lot that there are a lot of there are a lot to achieve and in a little period of. To achieve and in a little period of to achieve and in a little period of time time. Time but I would say every time spent was but I would say every time spent was but I would say every time spent was. Worth it worth it worth it it was an exercise that fostered it was an exercise that fostered. It was an exercise that fostered teamwork as it presented an avenue for teamwork as it presented an avenue for. Teamwork as it presented an avenue for us to learn and as well as to network us to learn and as well as to network. Us to learn and as well as to network with other people with other people with other people. And one thing I admit about the old boat and one thing I admit about the old boat. And one thing I admit about the old boat campaign is the watchword that says campaign is the watchword that says . Campaign is the watchword that says get started not perfect get started not perfect. Get started not perfect and trust me during the process starting and trust me during the process starting. And trust me during the process starting this 20 process of starting your this 20 process of starting your. This 20 process of starting your imperfections with made perfect and imperfections with made perfect and. Imperfections with made perfect and nothing I particularly enjoyed was the nothing I particularly enjoyed was the. Nothing I particularly enjoyed was the structure of the bootcamp especially structure of the bootcamp especially. Structure of the bootcamp especially when with the way we had to go from when with the way we had to go from. When with the way we had to go from conceptualization of a solution to the conceptualization of a solution to the. Conceptualization of a solution to the implement implementation of what is said implement implementation of what is said. Implement implementation of what is said of the cell solution of the cell solution. Of the cell solution and it should be alive by saying we were and it should be alive by saying we were. And it should be alive by saying we were not faced with a bit of challenges at not faced with a bit of challenges at. Not faced with a bit of challenges at the very inception of the old project the very inception of the old project. The very inception of the old project but with the help of our personal but with the help of our personal. But with the help of our personal structure structure structure gifts and the moderator of the program. Gifts and the moderator of the program gifts and the moderator of the program rk we were able to get answers to every. Rk we were able to get answers to every rk we were able to get answers to every of our questions. Of our questions of our questions although it is expected that every although it is expected that every. Although it is expected that every participating member of the team participating member of the team. Participating member of the team should be in a common room so as to should be in a common room so as to. Should be in a common room so as to share ideas and be readily available for share ideas and be readily available for. Share ideas and be readily available for discussion discussion discussion it is also noteworthy to mention. It is also noteworthy to mention it is also noteworthy to mention that that that there was convenience the exp. There was convenience the exp there was convenience the exp convenience experience weapon space in a. Convenience experience weapon space in a convenience experience weapon space in a. Boat camp was boat camp was boat camp was very great and my take on with after the. Very great and my take on with after the very great and my take on with after the. Whole boots camp is that everybody's whole boots camp is that everybody's whole boots camp is that everybody's. Idea is very significant idea is very significant idea is very significant it doesn't matter how important you may. It doesn't matter how important you may it doesn't matter how important you may feel our ideas are it will cost us. Feel our ideas are it will cost us feel our ideas are it will cost us nothing to actually share it with others. Nothing to actually share it with others nothing to actually share it with others. Who knows it might be the spark that is who knows it might be the spark that is who knows it might be the spark that is. Needed to light up needed to light up needed to light up other people's idea other people's idea. Other people's idea and I cannot mention how lenient and I cannot mention how lenient. And I cannot mention how lenient and patient and also optimistic and patient and also optimistic. And patient and also optimistic the project anchors the project anchors the project anchors. At dls at dls at dls towards every individual team towards every individual team towards every individual team. So i'd like to say thank you for the so i'd like to say thank you for the so i'd like to say thank you for the. Opportunity and I wish everyone aspired opportunity and I wish everyone aspired opportunity and I wish everyone aspired. The very best the very best the very best thank you very much thank you so much marvelous thank you. Thank you so much marvelous thank you so much for sharing your so much for sharing your. So much for sharing your experiences with us I see that experiences with us I see that . Experiences with us I see that some questions have already been some questions have already been. Some questions have already been answered on the q a answered on the q a answered on the q a. Already so if you perhaps might have already so if you perhaps might have already so if you perhaps might have. Dropped your question dropped your question dropped your question you can go back to the q and a. you can go back to the q and a you can go back to the q and a section and just read the answers I see. Section and just read the answers I see section and just read the answers I see anchor went off like she went off you. Anchor went off like she went off you anchor went off like she went off you know to. Know to know to [Laughter] [Laughter] [Laughter] to keep the keyboard running by to keep the keyboard running by. To keep the keyboard running by answering your questions so yeah just answering your questions so yeah just. Answering your questions so yeah just feel free to go back there to check I feel free to go back there to check i. Feel free to go back there to check I think we're at this stage where we think we're at this stage where we. Think we're at this stage where we pretty much just have the floor open pretty much just have the floor open. Pretty much just have the floor open for closing remarks and since you for closing remarks and since you. for closing remarks and since you know know know a bunch of the questions has already. A bunch of the questions has already a bunch of the questions has already been answered on the q a chat so yeah. Been answered on the q a chat so yeah been answered on the q a chat so yeah. Over to you jake and anka over to you jake and anka over to you jake and anka. Yeah I actually yeah I actually yeah I actually thank you jake for answering I think. Thank you jake for answering I think thank you jake for answering I think there is a comment as I was reading. There is a comment as I was reading there is a comment as I was reading through everything yeah I think there's. Through everything yeah I think there's through everything yeah I think there's a common thread it's like especially. A common thread it's like especially a common thread it's like especially like for existing or like you know that. Like for existing or like you know that like for existing or like you know that because like scf right it's not only for. Because like scf right it's not only for because like scf right it's not only for. New projects that are completely new to new projects that are completely new to new projects that are completely new to. Stellar but it's also for those who Stellar but it's also for those who Stellar but it's also for those who. Are already a bit further ahead or even are already a bit further ahead or even are already a bit further ahead or even. A bit further and are like you know a bit further and are like you know a bit further and are like you know. Submitting a new product on Stellar for submitting a new product on Stellar for submitting a new product on Stellar for. Example that they're thinking about so example that they're thinking about so example that they're thinking about so. Jake like kind of like is like how jake like kind of like is like how jake like kind of like is like how. Would the approach be different for would the approach be different for would the approach be different for. These different types of these different types of these different types of . Can they also still like get value can can they also still like get value can can they also still like get value can. People that are existing also still get people that are existing also still get people that are existing also still get. Value out of the boot camp value out of the boot camp value out of the boot camp yeah totally and actually the boot camp. Yeah totally and actually the boot camp yeah totally and actually the boot camp in the design square methodology works. In the design square methodology works in the design square methodology works across any. Across any across any level of organization we've level of organization we've . level of organization we've we've done with unicorns who have we've done with unicorns who have. We've done with unicorns who have massive product suites that are already massive product suites that are already. Massive product suites that are already you know processing billions of dollars you know processing billions of dollars. You know processing billions of dollars per year per year per year and they still you know they have. And they still you know they have and they still you know they have product challenges as well they can. Product challenges as well they can product challenges as well they can define a problem that they want to solve. Define a problem that they want to solve define a problem that they want to solve. They have they have they have you know somewhere in their product flow you know somewhere in their product flow. You know somewhere in their product flow something's not working the way they something's not working the way they. Something's not working the way they want it to work they want to want it to work they want to. Want it to work they want to you know ideate test some new things you know ideate test some new things. You know ideate test some new things build a prototype of that new feature build a prototype of that new feature. Build a prototype of that new feature the cool thing for companies that the cool thing for companies that. The cool thing for companies that already have already have already have some version of a product built is often. Some version of a product built is often some version of a product built is often. You can use either screenshots or you can use either screenshots or you can use either screenshots or. If you've already done some prototyping if you've already done some prototyping if you've already done some prototyping. You can modify those prototypes so you you can modify those prototypes so you you can modify those prototypes so you. Get really realistic prototypes get really realistic prototypes get really realistic prototypes. Sometimes sometimes sometimes being embedded in stuff that already being embedded in stuff that already. Being embedded in stuff that already exists within your product and then just exists within your product and then just. Exists within your product and then just test something that's new relative to test something that's new relative to. Test something that's new relative to what you've already built so yeah what you've already built so yeah. What you've already built so yeah definitely doesn't matter what stage definitely doesn't matter what stage. Definitely doesn't matter what stage you're at this is definitely useful you're at this is definitely useful. You're at this is definitely useful still even if you're further on still even if you're further on. Still even if you're further on yeah yeah I would I would agree it's yeah yeah I would I would agree it's. Yeah yeah I would I would agree it's like it's just a methodology it's not like it's just a methodology it's not. Like it's just a methodology it's not just like oh it's not just kickstarting just like oh it's not just kickstarting. Just like oh it's not just kickstarting your product and stuff because your product and stuff because. Your product and stuff because obviously like you cannot just like obviously like you cannot just like. Obviously like you cannot just like build a whole product in a week but it's build a whole product in a week but it's. Build a whole product in a week but it's really like singling out this like most really like singling out this like most. Really like singling out this like most pressing problem that you choose to pressing problem that you choose to. Pressing problem that you choose to solve in those few weeks and then you solve in those few weeks and then you. Solve in those few weeks and then you get facilitators like that have get facilitators like that have. Get facilitators like that have experience you get community like experience you get community like. Experience you get community like ecosystem partners that might be able to ecosystem partners that might be able to. Ecosystem partners that might be able to help you and you can get like help you and you can get like. Help you and you can get like developers on Stellar helping helping developers on Stellar helping helping. Developers on Stellar helping helping with answering any type of like with answering any type of like. With answering any type of like challenges technically that you challenges technically that you. Challenges technically that you encounter so encounter so encounter so yeah like another like thing that i. Yeah like another like thing that I yeah like another like thing that I noticed here is that people are like oh. Noticed here is that people are like oh noticed here is that people are like oh are you like. Are you like are you like building a proof of concept or like an building a proof of concept or like an. Building a proof of concept or like an mvp after after the like bootcamp so mvp after after the like bootcamp so. Mvp after after the like bootcamp so jake like what do you what do you jake like what do you what do you. Jake like what do you what do you generally see bootcamp participants walk generally see bootcamp participants walk. Generally see bootcamp participants walk away with after participating in the away with after participating in the. Away with after participating in the bootcamp bootcamp bootcamp well they're usually. Well they're usually well they're usually building a prototype and I and with the. Building a prototype and I and with the building a prototype and I and with the with the proof of concept on the back. With the proof of concept on the back with the proof of concept on the back end so. End so end so it's like usually kind of a design it's like usually kind of a design. it's like usually kind of a design you know some sort of design front end you know some sort of design front end. You know some sort of design front end and that creates a user experience and that creates a user experience. And that creates a user experience and that can be done in all kinds of and that can be done in all kinds of. And that can be done in all kinds of different medium you know figma power we different medium you know figma power we. Different medium you know figma power we use powerpoint use powerpoint use powerpoint. anything you know really just depends anything you know really just depends. anything you know really just depends what you're comfortable with what you're comfortable with. What you're comfortable with or where you and and then usually or where you and and then usually. Or where you and and then usually it's got a proof of concept sort of it's got a proof of concept sort of. It's got a proof of concept sort of technical integration on the back end so technical integration on the back end so. Technical integration on the back end so that you can actually make the that you can actually make the. That you can actually make the the machine and the machinery that needs the machine and the machinery that needs. The machine and the machinery that needs to work behind the scenes kind of just to work behind the scenes kind of just. To work behind the scenes kind of just at least do the basics right now it's at least do the basics right now it's. At least do the basics right now it's not performance ready and not performance ready and. Not performance ready and that kind of stuff but you're just yeah that kind of stuff but you're just yeah. That kind of stuff but you're just yeah proof of concept on the back end side so proof of concept on the back end side so. Proof of concept on the back end side so it's a combination of those two things it's a combination of those two things. It's a combination of those two things and the you know the idea is that and the you know the idea is that. And the you know the idea is that that really helps you move you know in that really helps you move you know in. That really helps you move you know in only three days you've been able to test only three days you've been able to test. Only three days you've been able to test both the validity with the customer both the validity with the customer. Both the validity with the customer facing you know sort of prototype facing you know sort of prototype . Facing you know sort of prototype design experience prototype and then design experience prototype and then. Design experience prototype and then also test the technical validity so it's also test the technical validity so it's. Also test the technical validity so it's really that's the idea is that it's very. Really that's the idea is that it's very really that's the idea is that it's very. Accelerated way to be able to make a accelerated way to be able to make a accelerated way to be able to make a. Decision as to whether that's the way decision as to whether that's the way decision as to whether that's the way. You want to go or maybe you want to go or maybe you want to go or maybe didn't work out how you thought and you. Didn't work out how you thought and you didn't work out how you thought and you avoid having to build a whole. Avoid having to build a whole avoid having to build a whole you know minimum bible product before. You know minimum bible product before you know minimum bible product before before knowing that it's not going to. Before knowing that it's not going to before knowing that it's not going to work yeah that makes a lot of sense. Yeah that makes a lot of sense I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to let's see answer. I'm trying to let's see answer I'm trying to let's see answer everything I think we we answered most. Everything I think we we answered most everything I think we we answered most of those things. Of those things of those things let's see how many oh yeah so for the let's see how many oh yeah so for the. Let's see how many oh yeah so for the amount of projects we are aiming about amount of projects we are aiming about. Amount of projects we are aiming about like to see if we can get about 30 to like to see if we can get about 30 to. like to see if we can get about 30 to 40 for the boot camp depending on how 40 for the boot camp depending on how. 40 for the boot camp depending on how many submissions we get we just have to many submissions we get we just have to. Many submissions we get we just have to see usually like for an entire like see usually like for an entire like. See usually like for an entire like scf round we're trying to get around 50 scf round we're trying to get around 50. Scf round we're trying to get around 50 because that's usually the maximum because that's usually the maximum. Because that's usually the maximum amount someone can review like at all amount someone can review like at all. Amount someone can review like at all it's already a lot trust me but for it's already a lot trust me but for. It's already a lot trust me but for like and that will be like you know like and that will be like you know. Like and that will be like you know until the final october that 30 until the final october that 30. Until the final october that 30 deadline but we're expecting to deadline but we're expecting to. Deadline but we're expecting to have most of our submissions before the have most of our submissions before the. Have most of our submissions before the boot camp because the bootcamp can boot camp because the bootcamp can. Boot camp because the bootcamp can really elevate your presence in the really elevate your presence in the. Really elevate your presence in the Stellar community fund round Stellar community fund round. Stellar community fund round yeah I mean yeah I mean yeah I mean I think I think I think that makes. I think I think I think that makes I think I think I think that makes sense is anyone if anyone has any. Sense is anyone if anyone has any sense is anyone if anyone has any last-minute questions put them into the. Last-minute questions put them into the last-minute questions put them into the q a now maybe we'll be able to answer. Q a now maybe we'll be able to answer q a now maybe we'll be able to answer them but jake I'm gonna give the. Them but jake I'm gonna give the them but jake I'm gonna give the floor to you. Floor to you floor to you well well well we don't not much else to cover. We don't not much else to cover we don't not much else to cover there's a few things here on the screen. There's a few things here on the screen there's a few things here on the screen you can see some next step stuff. You can see some next step stuff you can see some next step stuff there's some links and I think we're. There's some links and I think we're there's some links and I think we're going to share this. Going to share this going to share this powerpoint if I'm not mistaken so but powerpoint if I'm not mistaken so but . Powerpoint if I'm not mistaken so but you know definitely go read more about you know definitely go read more about. You know definitely go read more about the Stellar community fund the Stellar community fund. The Stellar community fund obviously if you're applying you should obviously if you're applying you should. Obviously if you're applying you should read about it read about it read about it. but it's a really cool concept that but it's a really cool concept that but it's a really cool concept that. Stellar has come up with the whole Stellar has come up with the whole Stellar has come up with the whole. Community fund idea so community fund idea so community fund idea so go take a look and learn more. go take a look and learn more go take a look and learn more complete your submission before. complete your submission before complete your submission before september 25th to be considered for the. September 25th to be considered for the september 25th to be considered for the boot camp. Boot camp boot camp and and and    plan to come and give it all if you are. Plan to come and give it all if you are plan to come and give it all if you are participating if you're selected to. Participating if you're selected to participating if you're selected to participate so . Participate so participate so yeah that's yeah that's yeah that's hopefully giving you all good sense of. Hopefully giving you all good sense of hopefully giving you all good sense of what to expect and and what are the. What to expect and and what are the what to expect and and what are the motivations and why what you would get. Motivations and why what you would get motivations and why what you would get out of it and why to go and. Out of it and why to go and out of it and why to go and yeah I hope to see you all there. Awesome bye guys awesome bye guys thank you emmanuel and marvelous too and thank you emmanuel and marvelous too and. Thank you emmanuel and marvelous too and thank you to your festlab team for thank you to your festlab team for. Thank you to your festlab team for participating participating participating thank you for bringing. Thank you for bringing thank you for bringing looking forward hi hi hi everybody.
