I think that's our cue hello everyone I think that's our cue hello everyone and welcome to the Stellar open protocol. And welcome to the Stellar open protocol and welcome to the Stellar open protocol. Discussion as always in these discussion as always in these discussion as always in these. Meetings we discuss core advancement meetings we discuss core advancement meetings we discuss core advancement. Proposals aka caps caps are technical proposals aka caps caps are technical. Proposals aka caps caps are technical specs that suggest changes to the specs that suggest changes to the. Specs that suggest changes to the Stellar protocol in order to allow the Stellar protocol in order to allow the. Stellar protocol in order to allow the protocol to continue to drive forward protocol to continue to drive forward. Protocol to continue to drive forward make progress evolve to meet the needs make progress evolve to meet the needs. Make progress evolve to meet the needs of the ecosystem of the ecosystem of the ecosystem. These meetings if you're watching this these meetings if you're watching this these meetings if you're watching this. Is probably pretty obvious are live is probably pretty obvious are live is probably pretty obvious are live. Streamed so that you can follow along streamed so that you can follow along. Streamed so that you can follow along I do want to know this is a very very I do want to know this is a very very. I do want to know this is a very very technical discussion right so if you're technical discussion right so if you're. Technical discussion right so if you're watching you probably want to take a watching you probably want to take a. Watching you probably want to take a look at the caps that are linked to in look at the caps that are linked to in. Look at the caps that are linked to in the show descriptions as are the the show descriptions as are the. The show descriptions as are the previous conversations about those caps previous conversations about those caps. Previous conversations about those caps on the Stellar dev mailing list on the Stellar dev mailing list. On the Stellar dev mailing list I'm not going to identify all the I'm not going to identify all the. I'm not going to identify all the participants they're also listed there participants they're also listed there. Participants they're also listed there so you can look them up so you can look them up. So you can look them up they're qualified they're qualified they're qualified . So today what are we doing today we will so today what are we doing today we will. So today what are we doing today we will again discuss cap 42 multi-part again discuss cap 42 multi-part. Again discuss cap 42 multi-part transaction sets which was what we transaction sets which was what we. Transaction sets which was what we discussed last time but it's been discussed last time but it's been. Discussed last time but it's been significantly revised since that significantly revised since that. Significantly revised since that discussion we are also going to have discussion we are also going to have. Discussion we are also going to have an initial discussion about cap 44 an initial discussion about cap 44. An initial discussion about cap 44 speedx configuration and we'll get into speedx configuration and we'll get into. Speedx configuration and we'll get into what those proposals entail in a minute what those proposals entail in a minute. What those proposals entail in a minute but first I want to give a quick word but first I want to give a quick word. but first I want to give a quick word about the life cycle of a cap and about the life cycle of a cap and. About the life cycle of a cap and there's a purpose for me saying all this there's a purpose for me saying all this. There's a purpose for me saying all this that i'll get to so this meeting is that i'll get to so this meeting is. That i'll get to so this meeting is really just part of the process of the really just part of the process of the. Really just part of the process of the creation and implementation of a cap creation and implementation of a cap. Creation and implementation of a cap open discussion about caps it happens on open discussion about caps it happens on. Open discussion about caps it happens on the Stellar dev mailing list there's a the Stellar dev mailing list there's a. The Stellar dev mailing list there's a link to that in the event description as link to that in the event description as. Link to that in the event description as well so if you want to join that's the well so if you want to join that's the. Well so if you want to join that's the current discussions or future current discussions or future. Current discussions or future discussions sign up for that mailing discussions sign up for that mailing. Discussions sign up for that mailing list list list caps are drafted and sort of iterated. Caps are drafted and sort of iterated caps are drafted and sort of iterated. On based on the async feedback and on based on the async feedback and on based on the async feedback and. Suggestions that come in via that list suggestions that come in via that list suggestions that come in via that list. Before they end up here being discussed before they end up here being discussed before they end up here being discussed. In this meeting so in this meeting we go in this meeting so in this meeting we go. In this meeting so in this meeting we go over very specific questions and the over very specific questions and the. Over very specific questions and the goal is to get a cap ready to move on if goal is to get a cap ready to move on if. Goal is to get a cap ready to move on if a cap is ready it may be put up for a a cap is ready it may be put up for a. A cap is ready it may be put up for a vote before the cap committee and vote before the cap committee and. Vote before the cap committee and they decide on whether or not to accept they decide on whether or not to accept. They decide on whether or not to accept it it it so after a cap committee vote by the way. So after a cap committee vote by the way so after a cap committee vote by the way. The cap enters into a one week final the cap enters into a one week final the cap enters into a one week final. Comment period and that gives everyone a comment period and that gives everyone a. Comment period and that gives everyone a chance to sort of raise questions again chance to sort of raise questions again. Chance to sort of raise questions again on the Stellar debt mailing list if cap on the Stellar debt mailing list if cap. On the Stellar debt mailing list if cap makes it through a final comment period makes it through a final comment period. Makes it through a final comment period it's implemented in a major Stellar core it's implemented in a major Stellar core. It's implemented in a major Stellar core release release release before that Stellar core release. Before that Stellar core release before that Stellar core release actually hits the network validators. Actually hits the network validators actually hits the network validators have to vote to upgrade the network to. Have to vote to upgrade the network to have to vote to upgrade the network to accept that release and so ultimately. Accept that release and so ultimately accept that release and so ultimately any sort of proposal that makes it into. Any sort of proposal that makes it into any sort of proposal that makes it into implementation into a Stellar core. Implementation into a Stellar core implementation into a Stellar core release is accepted by the network. Release is accepted by the network release is accepted by the network through that governance mechanism so. Through that governance mechanism so through that governance mechanism so part of the reason I'm bringing all that. Part of the reason I'm bringing all that part of the reason I'm bringing all that. Up today is that before we go on to up today is that before we go on to up today is that before we go on to. The main discussion about caps 42 and the main discussion about caps 42 and the main discussion about caps 42 and. Caps 44 we're going to revisit a couple caps 44 we're going to revisit a couple caps 44 we're going to revisit a couple. Of caps cap 21 of caps cap 21 of caps cap 21 which generalizes transaction which generalizes transaction. Which generalizes transaction preconditions and cap 40 which adds a preconditions and cap 40 which adds a. Preconditions and cap 40 which adds a new signer type that multiple parties new signer type that multiple parties. New signer type that multiple parties can use to more effectively share a can use to more effectively share a. Can use to more effectively share a transaction set for signing so these are transaction set for signing so these are. Transaction set for signing so these are two caps that we sort of got pretty much. Two caps that we sort of got pretty much two caps that we sort of got pretty much. Across the finish line across the finish line across the finish line they have they basically include changes. They have they basically include changes they have they basically include changes. That are helpful for people that are that are helpful for people that are that are helpful for people that are. Looking to develop innovative solutions looking to develop innovative solutions looking to develop innovative solutions. On Stellar specifically payment channels on Stellar specifically payment channels. On Stellar specifically payment channels and bridges to other network the goal of. And bridges to other network the goal of and bridges to other network the goal of. These is to sort of unlock the potential these is to sort of unlock the potential. These is to sort of unlock the potential for greater interoperability so again for greater interoperability so again. For greater interoperability so again these caps they already went through the these caps they already went through the. These caps they already went through the ringer ringer ringer they're currently in a waiting decision. They're currently in a waiting decision they're currently in a waiting decision so that's their official status awaiting. So that's their official status awaiting so that's their official status awaiting. Decision but first things first I decision but first things first I decision but first things first i. Think the cap committee is ready to think the cap committee is ready to think the cap committee is ready to. Approve both caps approve both caps approve both caps and so I want to check in with the cap. And so I want to check in with the cap and so I want to check in with the cap committee and see if that's true now the. Committee and see if that's true now the committee and see if that's true now the. Cap committee is jed and nico and cap committee is jed and nico and cap committee is jed and nico and. David and jed who is not here I checked david and jed who is not here I checked david and jed who is not here I checked. With before and he is ready to approve with before and he is ready to approve with before and he is ready to approve. nico and david are you also ready to nico and david are you also ready to nico and david are you also ready to. Approve or is there more to talk about approve or is there more to talk about approve or is there more to talk about. For capital 21 for capital 21 for capital 21 david you approve okay yeah david you approve okay yeah. David you approve okay yeah it's the same for me yeah yeah same for it's the same for me yeah yeah same for. It's the same for me yeah yeah same for me like the there was a change me like the there was a change. Me like the there was a change yesterday or the day before on cap 40 yesterday or the day before on cap 40. Yesterday or the day before on cap 40 but it's yeah it's a minor change so but it's yeah it's a minor change so. But it's yeah it's a minor change so we're good we're good we're good all right. All right all right approved so after this meeting approved so after this meeting . Approved so after this meeting I'm going to change the status of those I'm going to change the status of those. I'm going to change the status of those caps to final comment period pending caps to final comment period pending. Caps to final comment period pending approval and again that gives everyone a approval and again that gives everyone a. Approval and again that gives everyone a one week window to like raise any final one week window to like raise any final. One week window to like raise any final questions or concerns questions or concerns. Questions or concerns I guess if a legitimate concern comes I guess if a legitimate concern comes. I guess if a legitimate concern comes up during that time we can send it back up during that time we can send it back. Up during that time we can send it back to draft mode but if there's no concerns to draft mode but if there's no concerns. To draft mode but if there's no concerns legitimate concerns that arise during legitimate concerns that arise during. Legitimate concerns that arise during that time those caps will be approved that time those caps will be approved. That time those caps will be approved and that means they're going to be ready and that means they're going to be ready. And that means they're going to be ready to move on to implementation to move on to implementation. To move on to implementation for inclusion in the next protocol for inclusion in the next protocol. For inclusion in the next protocol release which is protocol 19. so as of release which is protocol 19. so as of. Release which is protocol 19. so as of right now right now right now shortly after this meeting cap 21 and. Shortly after this meeting cap 21 and shortly after this meeting cap 21 and cap 40 officially move into final. Cap 40 officially move into final cap 40 officially move into final comment period. Comment period comment period all right now on to the real meat of the all right now on to the real meat of the. All right now on to the real meat of the matter we're going to talk about matter we're going to talk about. Matter we're going to talk about these two caps and the first one that these two caps and the first one that. These two caps and the first one that we're going to talk about is cap 42 we're going to talk about is cap 42. We're going to talk about is cap 42 multi-part transaction sets multi-part transaction sets. Multi-part transaction sets this cap gives validators control over this cap gives validators control over. This cap gives validators control over which fee policy to use for individual which fee policy to use for individual. Which fee policy to use for individual transactions included in a ledger we transactions included in a ledger we. Transactions included in a ledger we discussed it two weeks ago and there discussed it two weeks ago and there. Discussed it two weeks ago and there were several suggestions about how to were several suggestions about how to. Were several suggestions about how to improve it and based on those improve it and based on those. Improve it and based on those suggestions it was revised and so I suggestions it was revised and so i. Suggestions it was revised and so I think to start with let's just get a think to start with let's just get a. Think to start with let's just get a quick overview of the changes to cap 42. Quick overview of the changes to cap 42. Quick overview of the changes to cap 42. nico you want to take that nico you want to take that nico you want to take that. Yeah and yeah so what I ended up yeah and yeah so what I ended up yeah and yeah so what I ended up. Doing is doing is doing is basically I added the basically I added the . Basically I added the notion of execution phase that in the notion of execution phase that in the. Notion of execution phase that in the short term we are not going to have a short term we are not going to have a. Short term we are not going to have a new phase it's more incorporation for new phase it's more incorporation for. New phase it's more incorporation for things like speed x where we expect to things like speed x where we expect to. Things like speed x where we expect to have that being done in have that being done in. Have that being done in as a separate phase isolated from as a separate phase isolated from. As a separate phase isolated from the the the the existing transaction subsystem. The existing transaction subsystem the existing transaction subsystem and then within a phase what I did is. And then within a phase what I did is and then within a phase what I did is. That that that yeah after our conversation last time yeah after our conversation last time. yeah after our conversation last time like I like I like I it was clear that we needed to maybe. It was clear that we needed to maybe it was clear that we needed to maybe clarify better like what like when. Clarify better like what like when clarify better like what like when transactions. Transactions transactions or make it more explicit I guess that or make it more explicit I guess that. Or make it more explicit I guess that there was actually full control of there was actually full control of . There was actually full control of the fee regime the fee regime the fee regime. That was given to validators so what I that was given to validators so what I that was given to validators so what i. Did was I added a new tag that allows validators to tag that allows validators to. To basically to basically to basically use the actual feedback as fee being. Use the actual feedback as fee being use the actual feedback as fee being charged for certain transactions. Charged for certain transactions charged for certain transactions as well as . As well as as well as having the possibility of having a having the possibility of having a. Having the possibility of having a discounted discounted discounted rates . Rates rates when it comes to for example when it comes to for example when it comes to for example. I mean actually that's what we do today I mean actually that's what we do today I mean actually that's what we do today. Like we actually give like we actually give like we actually give large discounts to to transactions. Large discounts to to transactions large discounts to to transactions that are when we're not in search. That are when we're not in search that are when we're not in search pricing pricing. Pricing so that's what I did I also added so that's what I did I also added. so that's what I did I also added some clarifications on some clarifications on. Some clarifications on on on on on on on how this makes and why this makes sense. How this makes and why this makes sense how this makes and why this makes sense I think there were more questions. I think there were more questions I think there were more questions actually and that maybe where we we can. Actually and that maybe where we we can actually and that maybe where we we can maybe like spend some more time today. Maybe like spend some more time today maybe like spend some more time today around. Around around like are we basically defeating like like are we basically defeating like. Like are we basically defeating like the the the existing guidance that we give people. existing guidance that we give people existing guidance that we give people. when we say bid when we say bid when we say bid whatever you feel comfortable with and. Whatever you feel comfortable with and whatever you feel comfortable with and then. Then then the network will the network will the network will you will actually you're unlikely to. You will actually you're unlikely to you will actually you're unlikely to actually pay for what you're bidding if. Actually pay for what you're bidding if actually pay for what you're bidding if you're over bidding and I think. You're over bidding and I think you're over bidding and I think there's a this is a fair question. So on that yeah I don't know if so on that yeah I don't know if david or john I know like we use I mean. David or john I know like we use I mean david or john I know like we use I mean I you know I like this new version i. I you know I like this new version I you know I like this new version i. Think it's a lot cleaner I think think it's a lot cleaner I think think it's a lot cleaner I think. Possibly in line with with possibly in line with with possibly in line with with what you're saying if I have one one nit. What you're saying if I have one one nit what you're saying if I have one one nit. To pick in the to pick in the to pick in the backwards in the protocol upgrade backwards in the protocol upgrade. Backwards in the protocol upgrade transition we state transition we state transition we state. as this cap does not change as this cap does not change as this cap does not change. Transition semantics I think maybe we transition semantics I think maybe we transition semantics I think maybe we. Should just qualify this or you know should just qualify this or you know should just qualify this or you know. Like you know changes the fee but it's like you know changes the fee but it's like you know changes the fee but it's. Within this within this within this originally permitted semantics or originally permitted semantics or. Originally permitted semantics or something something something but that's. But that's but that's that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty nitpicky. Nitpicky nitpicky yeah I mean I think yeah like yeah I mean I think yeah like . Yeah I mean I think yeah like yeah yeah yeah I can fix that definitely like I can fix that definitely like. I can fix that definitely like I think the I think the I think the interesting thing that was raised both. Interesting thing that was raised both interesting thing that was raised both by john that is on the call and by lee. By john that is on the call and by lee by john that is on the call and by lee that is not here today. That is not here today that is not here today are actually good questions around like. Are actually good questions around like are actually good questions around like today you can basically bid. Today you can basically bid today you can basically bid by a factor of like a million let's say. By a factor of like a million let's say by a factor of like a million let's say and. And and you're actually very unlikely to be pay you're actually very unlikely to be pay. You're actually very unlikely to be pay for I mean you're exposing yourself to for I mean you're exposing yourself to. For I mean you're exposing yourself to that but then a bunch of other people that but then a bunch of other people. That but then a bunch of other people would have to pay would have to pay would have to pay. That type of fee that type of fee that type of fee whereas with this proposal. Whereas with this proposal whereas with this proposal depending on on which the data you. Depending on on which the data you depending on on which the data you you run into you may actually pay. You run into you may actually pay you run into you may actually pay that fee. That fee that fee so so so like for me the rationale for that is like for me the rationale for that is. Like for me the rationale for that is that we are actually that we are actually. That we are actually kind of kind of kind of put it's it's I think I put that as. Put it's it's I think I put that as put it's it's I think I put that as my notes as . My notes as my notes as we can actually rely on some of the we can actually rely on some of the. We can actually rely on some of the    a contract between validators that. A contract between validators that a contract between validators that the the. The you know the responsibility of a you know the responsibility of a you know the responsibility of a. Validator is to actually have lower fees validator is to actually have lower fees. Validator is to actually have lower fees and then we can actually use in a way. And then we can actually use in a way and then we can actually use in a way. that as an expectation for validators that as an expectation for validators. That as an expectation for validators when they when they when they just like today when you run a validator. Just like today when you run a validator just like today when you run a validator. You have to have an archive like you you have to have an archive like you you have to have an archive like you. You basically have a contract with you basically have a contract with you basically have a contract with . With other validators with other validators with other validators and at any time other validators can. and at any time other validators can and at any time other validators can basically decide to remove that. Basically decide to remove that basically decide to remove that faulty or not not fully compliant. Faulty or not not fully compliant faulty or not not fully compliant validator from their current set and. Validator from their current set and validator from their current set and then we end up with. Then we end up with then we end up with with I think a system that with I think a system that. With I think a system that    yeah that's realized more on this on. Yeah that's realized more on this on yeah that's realized more on this on this contract that it's not necessarily. This contract that it's not necessarily this contract that it's not necessarily a technical contract it's a. A technical contract it's a a technical contract it's a kind of a kind of a kind of a. In order to be in order to be in order to be aligned with the aligned with the aligned with the. Values of the network values of the network values of the network you have you know you shouldn't be . You have you know you shouldn't be you have you know you shouldn't be forcing like isolating for example. Forcing like isolating for example forcing like isolating for example transactions so that they just to. Transactions so that they just to transactions so that they just to mess with people. Mess with people mess with people just a question if it's more of like a just a question if it's more of like a. Just a question if it's more of like a social contract or a set of expectations social contract or a set of expectations. Social contract or a set of expectations that validators follow that validators follow . That validators follow is there a method for them to to know is there a method for them to to know. Is there a method for them to to know if other validators are living up to if other validators are living up to. If other validators are living up to that yeah so that's actually a good that yeah so that's actually a good. That yeah so that's actually a good question so like it's we actually have a question so like it's we actually have a. Question so like it's we actually have a similar contract today with similar contract today with . Similar contract today with like like like validators should not be validators should not be . Validators should not be excluding certain transactions excluding certain transactions. Excluding certain transactions from their current set like you would from their current set like you would . From their current set like you would like the only way you can discover that like the only way you can discover that. Like the only way you can discover that today is by today is by today is by looking if there are. Looking if there are looking if there are patterns where some transactions let's patterns where some transactions let's. Patterns where some transactions let's say for certain assets or things like say for certain assets or things like. Say for certain assets or things like that are that are that are always excluded by some validators you. Always excluded by some validators you always excluded by some validators you can actually go through history this is. Can actually go through history this is can actually go through history this is all public and you know. All public and you know all public and you know you can basically kind of audit. You can basically kind of audit you can basically kind of audit the behavior of the details. The behavior of the details the behavior of the details and I think we and I think we. And I think we this is a similar problem here where you this is a similar problem here where you. This is a similar problem here where you want to have the tools for want to have the tools for. Want to have the tools for auditing validators when it comes to auditing validators when it comes to. Auditing validators when it comes to this this this new power that we are giving them so the. New power that we are giving them so the new power that we are giving them so the. Data will be in history data will be in history data will be in history I think what we have right now is that. I think what we have right now is that I think what we have right now is that in horizon for example we don't actually. In horizon for example we don't actually in horizon for example we don't actually. Expose much of the expose much of the expose much of the sap information sap information. Sap information so we don't know if what was actually happening during what was actually happening during. Consensus runs consensus runs consensus runs for example like we don't know if some. For example like we don't know if some for example like we don't know if some people are. People are people are never aligned with other people like for aligned with other people like for. Example so example so example so I think this is this is the type of work. I think this is this is the type of work I think this is this is the type of work. That can be done that can be done that can be done either by yeah by the sdf or by other. Either by yeah by the sdf or by other either by yeah by the sdf or by other. People in the community to kind of raise people in the community to kind of raise. People in the community to kind of raise the bar just like we have the bar just like we have. The bar just like we have raise the bar when it comes to what raise the bar when it comes to what. Raise the bar when it comes to what it means to run a validator with you it means to run a validator with you. It means to run a validator with you know like projects like know like projects like . Know like projects like like Stellar b right that are showing like Stellar b right that are showing. Like Stellar b right that are showing when validators are flailing or things when validators are flailing or things. When validators are flailing or things like that so I mean this is like what you've. So I mean this is like what you've just mentioned is sort of one solution just mentioned is sort of one solution. Just mentioned is sort of one solution like yes we need a like yes we need a like yes we need a. We need a we need a we need a you know some kind of validator you know some kind of validator. You know some kind of validator conventions and conventions and conventions and ultimately there needs to be some kind. Ultimately there needs to be some kind ultimately there needs to be some kind of companion companion document that you. Of companion companion document that you of companion companion document that you. Know this guy might not be a cap but it know this guy might not be a cap but it know this guy might not be a cap but it. Discusses a like how you configure your discusses a like how you configure your discusses a like how you configure your. Stellar core to express these policies Stellar core to express these policies Stellar core to express these policies. And like what we make easy and hard to and like what we make easy and hard to and like what we make easy and hard to. Do like in the kind of default Stellar do like in the kind of default Stellar do like in the kind of default Stellar. Core release it's obviously gonna have a core release it's obviously gonna have a. Core release it's obviously gonna have a big impact on this but I think there's big impact on this but I think there's. Big impact on this but I think there's another side of this which where you another side of this which where you. Another side of this which where you know we don't want people to have the know we don't want people to have the. Know we don't want people to have the trust validators so we should be maybe trust validators so we should be maybe. Trust validators so we should be maybe promoting fee bump transactions like a promoting fee bump transactions like a. Promoting fee bump transactions like a bit more heavily right I mean certainly bit more heavily right I mean certainly. Bit more heavily right I mean certainly you know one thing that like wallets you know one thing that like wallets. You know one thing that like wallets could do is they could sort of by could do is they could sort of by. Could do is they could sort of by default like you know whenever you sign default like you know whenever you sign. Default like you know whenever you sign a transaction it would also sign like a a transaction it would also sign like a. A transaction it would also sign like a couple of fee bump transactions that it couple of fee bump transactions that it. Couple of fee bump transactions that it would kind of like resubmit would kind of like resubmit. Would kind of like resubmit you know you know you know like more expensive versions if the. Like more expensive versions if the like more expensive versions if the first one didn't get through or things. First one didn't get through or things first one didn't get through or things like that so I think we should. Like that so I think we should like that so I think we should be you know in terms of backwards. Be you know in terms of backwards be you know in terms of backwards compatibility I think we should not. Compatibility I think we should not compatibility I think we should not you know I think we should make clear. You know I think we should make clear you know I think we should make clear that there may be some expectations on. That there may be some expectations on that there may be some expectations on on the ecosystem. On the ecosystem on the ecosystem the sort of wallet side yep that that yeah I'm sorry justin go ahead I was. Yeah I'm sorry justin go ahead I was yeah I'm sorry justin go ahead I was just gonna say because on some level. Just gonna say because on some level just gonna say because on some level there needs to be education and tooling. There needs to be education and tooling there needs to be education and tooling to understand how to manage. To understand how to manage to understand how to manage dynamic fees dynamic fees. Dynamic fees more actively because right now as nico more actively because right now as nico. More actively because right now as nico said you can just set your highest fee said you can just set your highest fee. Said you can just set your highest fee and dynamic fees the network you know and dynamic fees the network you know. And dynamic fees the network you know what to expect but you won't necessarily what to expect but you won't necessarily. What to expect but you won't necessarily is that so what you're saying david is is that so what you're saying david is. Is that so what you're saying david is that we would need documentation and that we would need documentation and. That we would need documentation and potentially tooling potentially tooling potentially tooling. To in order to educate people to the to in order to educate people to the to in order to educate people to the. Expectation that they like wallets will expectation that they like wallets will expectation that they like wallets will. Need to more actively managed dynamics need to more actively managed dynamics need to more actively managed dynamics. Or maybe maybe we need a feature an or maybe maybe we need a feature an or maybe maybe we need a feature an. Optional feature for horizon that people optional feature for horizon that people. Optional feature for horizon that people would enable on their private horizons would enable on their private horizons. Would enable on their private horizons maybe on the public ones but where you maybe on the public ones but where you. Maybe on the public ones but where you submit three versions of a transaction submit three versions of a transaction. Submit three versions of a transaction and it sort of and it sort of and it sort of. Like keeps submitting like the more like keeps submitting like the more like keeps submitting like the more. Expensive one if the previous one hasn't expensive one if the previous one hasn't. Expensive one if the previous one hasn't cleared in some period of time or cleared in some period of time or. Cleared in some period of time or something right something right something right. you know I can't design the the you know I can't design the the you know I can't design the the. The feature on the fly but it seems like the feature on the fly but it seems like. The feature on the fly but it seems like something you we might want to to think something you we might want to to think. Something you we might want to to think about and if people if want to take about and if people if want to take. About and if people if want to take their wallets offline or not be sort of their wallets offline or not be sort of. Their wallets offline or not be sort of constantly monitoring the network maybe constantly monitoring the network maybe. Constantly monitoring the network maybe this should be this should be part of this should be this should be part of. This should be this should be part of horizon maybe this is an incentive for horizon maybe this is an incentive for. Horizon maybe this is an incentive for organizations to run their own horizon organizations to run their own horizon. Organizations to run their own horizon because they can you know control this because they can you know control this. Because they can you know control this better better better asked me to say the following. Asked me to say the following asked me to say the following the cp is built on reputation the. The cp is built on reputation the the cp is built on reputation the concern that a reputable validator is. Concern that a reputable validator is concern that a reputable validator is going to go rogue and build an. Going to go rogue and build an going to go rogue and build an alternative transaction set nomination. Alternative transaction set nomination alternative transaction set nomination rule set is a bit far-fetched. Rule set is a bit far-fetched rule set is a bit far-fetched and the ecosystem can build tools that. And the ecosystem can build tools that and the ecosystem can build tools that monitor validators for behaving sensibly. Monitor validators for behaving sensibly monitor validators for behaving sensibly. Sorry but there's a there's a big space sorry but there's a there's a big space sorry but there's a there's a big space. Between rogue and between like something between rogue and between like something. Between rogue and between like something like I might not agree with right like I might not agree with right. Like I might not agree with right so I think like the point is like so I think like the point is like. so I think like the point is like there could be legitimate disagreement there could be legitimate disagreement. There could be legitimate disagreement about this and we want users to be in about this and we want users to be in. About this and we want users to be in control or to you know they might you control or to you know they might you. Control or to you know they might you know rather not have their transaction know rather not have their transaction. Know rather not have their transaction be be be be executed if they're gonna get charged. Be executed if they're gonna get charged be executed if they're gonna get charged. Way more than somebody else I think like I think like as far as tooling goes I think like you. As far as tooling goes I think like you as far as tooling goes I think like you know one thing that seller beat could do. Know one thing that seller beat could do know one thing that seller beat could do. That would do would be really cool in that would do would be really cool in that would do would be really cool in. This context would be like hey like this context would be like hey like this context would be like hey like. What are the like you know what are the like you know what are the like you know you know every 10th percentile 10 20 30. You know every 10th percentile 10 20 30 you know every 10th percentile 10 20 30 etc. Etc etc fees that this this validator is fees that this this validator is fees that this this validator is. Nominating if nominating if nominating if validators are being like pretty fair validators are being like pretty fair. Validators are being like pretty fair you would expect every you would expect every. You would expect every validator to nominate validator to nominate validator to nominate. Basically the same percentiles total basically the same percentiles total basically the same percentiles total. Fees fees fees more or less and that would give a more or less and that would give a. more or less and that would give a lot of people evidence about like oh you lot of people evidence about like oh you. Lot of people evidence about like oh you know like this guy's being a big jerk know like this guy's being a big jerk. Know like this guy's being a big jerk and really just trying to get people to and really just trying to get people to. And really just trying to get people to pay whereas other people aren't doing pay whereas other people aren't doing. Pay whereas other people aren't doing that but I agree with you david that you that but I agree with you david that you. That but I agree with you david that you know that doesn't change the fact that know that doesn't change the fact that. Know that doesn't change the fact that you know your validator might say like you know your validator might say like. You know your validator might say like hey like I think this type of hey like I think this type of. Hey like I think this type of transactions pay high fee and this one transactions pay high fee and this one. Transactions pay high fee and this one for payloafi for payloafi for payloafi I think the opposite they're equal. I think the opposite they're equal I think the opposite they're equal distributions. Distributions distributions and so like our stats look the same but and so like our stats look the same but. And so like our stats look the same but we're treating people differently we're treating people differently. We're treating people differently maybe all the validators agree but it maybe all the validators agree but it. Maybe all the validators agree but it just turns out that it's there's some just turns out that it's there's some. Just turns out that it's there's some small number of like legitimate small number of like legitimate. Small number of like legitimate transactions that are hard to separate transactions that are hard to separate. Transactions that are hard to separate from spam right and so you need to from spam right and so you need to. From spam right and so you need to I think just not I think just not I think just not. Participate we need we need an up we participate we need we need an up we participate we need we need an up we. Don't people shouldn't be forced into don't people shouldn't be forced into don't people shouldn't be forced into. Participating in the dutch auction right participating in the dutch auction right. Participating in the dutch auction right they should be able to they should be able to. They should be able to you know control their you know control their you know control their. You know maximum fee to ensure that you know maximum fee to ensure that you know maximum fee to ensure that. They're not paying more than like twice they're not paying more than like twice they're not paying more than like twice. As much as other people and that's as much as other people and that's as much as other people and that's. Something that's it's doable it just something that's it's doable it just something that's it's doable it just. Requires a little bit of support on the requires a little bit of support on the requires a little bit of support on the. you know sort of platform side of you know sort of platform side of you know sort of platform side of. Things things things for me kind of the like for me kind of the like for me kind of the like. I've been thinking about this this whole i've been thinking about this this whole. I've been thinking about this this whole thing since we since we spoke about it thing since we since we spoke about it. Thing since we since we spoke about it last last last was that last thursday two thursdays ago. Was that last thursday two thursdays ago was that last thursday two thursdays ago. Whenever it was whenever it was whenever it was and i've kind of convinced myself that. And i've kind of convinced myself that and i've kind of convinced myself that in the long run like looking like let's. In the long run like looking like let's in the long run like looking like let's say that we did this in x months and. Say that we did this in x months and say that we did this in x months and then you look at x plus 12 months in the. Then you look at x plus 12 months in the then you look at x plus 12 months in the. Future future future like probably everything is fine like probably everything is fine. Like probably everything is fine everybody adapts to the new world you everybody adapts to the new world you. Everybody adapts to the new world you know maybe some new tooling develops know maybe some new tooling develops. Know maybe some new tooling develops like david is talking about everybody like david is talking about everybody. Like david is talking about everybody switches to kind of this lower fee switches to kind of this lower fee. Switches to kind of this lower fee mentality where you don't just bid like mentality where you don't just bid like. Mentality where you don't just bid like 10x 100x whatever what you're willing 10x 100x whatever what you're willing. 10x 100x whatever what you're willing what you actually want to pay at the what you actually want to pay at the. What you actually want to pay at the present present present but like looking right now you know i. but like looking right now you know I but like looking right now you know i. Was looking at dashboard for the last was looking at dashboard for the last. Was looking at dashboard for the last couple minutes like every minute couple minutes like every minute. Couple minutes like every minute and the 50th 60th 70th percentile fees and the 50th 60th 70th percentile fees. And the 50th 60th 70th percentile fees have been sitting around 20 000 have been sitting around 20 000. Have been sitting around 20 000 stroops pretty much non-stop in that stroops pretty much non-stop in that. stroops pretty much non-stop in that period sometimes it's been the 60th 70th period sometimes it's been the 60th 70th. Period sometimes it's been the 60th 70th 80th 80th 80th but but but 20 000 troops. 20 000 troops 20 000 troops and that's you know about one-third of and that's you know about one-third of. And that's you know about one-third of the total traffic the total traffic the total traffic. so there are a lot of people who are so there are a lot of people who are. So there are a lot of people who are bidding bidding bidding way above the fees that are actually. Way above the fees that are actually way above the fees that are actually getting accepted in the short run if. Getting accepted in the short run if getting accepted in the short run if those people aren't paying attention. Those people aren't paying attention those people aren't paying attention those people are going to be pretty sad. Those people are going to be pretty sad those people are going to be pretty sad I think yeah they're just 100 million. I think yeah they're just 100 million I think yeah they're just 100 million stroop . Stroop stroop bid yeah yeah yeah so I mean I guess bid yeah yeah yeah so I mean I guess. Bid yeah yeah yeah so I mean I guess that's 10 lumens or whatever is that that's 10 lumens or whatever is that. That's 10 lumens or whatever is that 250. 250. 250. Yeah it's not insane I'm I have to say yeah it's not insane I'm I have to say yeah it's not insane I'm I have to say. I've literally said to many many people i've literally said to many many people i've literally said to many many people. And I just do a hundred thousand troops and I just do a hundred thousand troops and I just do a hundred thousand troops. You'll be fine you'll be fine you'll be fine don't worry about it just said 100 and. Don't worry about it just said 100 and don't worry about it just said 100 and you know. You know you know i'll try to tell those same people if i'll try to tell those same people if. I'll try to tell those same people if if that changes that made sense right if that changes that made sense right . If that changes that made sense right so this change I think what you're so this change I think what you're. So this change I think what you're saying saying saying yes yeah yes yeah yes yeah. This short-term pain long-term gain this short-term pain long-term gain this short-term pain long-term gain. Thing that you're pointing out john thing that you're pointing out john thing that you're pointing out john. May well be true I mean like I think the difference is I mean like I think the difference is. That like that like that like yeah like if for example like these fees yeah like if for example like these fees. Yeah like if for example like these fees of the network are like you know around of the network are like you know around. Of the network are like you know around like the minimum like like like when like the minimum like like like when. like the minimum like like like when you're not in such pricing price right you're not in such pricing price right. You're not in such pricing price right that's kind of where you are that's kind of where you are . That's kind of where you are like if you paid like even like if you paid like even. Like if you paid like even 100 times more than that like that still 100 times more than that like that still. 100 times more than that like that still gives you gives you gives you like some advantage compared to other. Like some advantage compared to other like some advantage compared to other people like you're still doing some. People like you're still doing some people like you're still doing some level of bidding like I think that's the. Level of bidding like I think that's the level of bidding like I think that's the. Difference with this cap is that difference with this cap is that difference with this cap is that. You would not be bidding you would not be bidding you would not be bidding like yeah like a million times more. Like yeah like a million times more like yeah like a million times more like you would be bidding only you know. Like you would be bidding only you know like you would be bidding only you know a thousand times more. A thousand times more a thousand times more I mean that that's I think that's the. I mean that that's I think that's the I mean that that's I think that's the shift is that you you have to be maybe. Shift is that you you have to be maybe shift is that you you have to be maybe closer to what you want to pay. Closer to what you want to pay closer to what you want to pay unless like like in some. unless like like in some unless like like in some situations like the I'm like the. Situations like the I'm like the situations like the I'm like the the people like putting 10 lumen as a. The people like putting 10 lumen as a the people like putting 10 lumen as a fee I mean this is what . Fee I mean this is what fee I mean this is what we we I think discussed in the. We we I think discussed in the we we I think discussed in the past those are the type of numbers. Past those are the type of numbers past those are the type of numbers I would expect when if you do like. I would expect when if you do like I would expect when if you do like some some trades that actually. Some some trades that actually some some trades that actually are going to be are going to be. Are going to be valued at more than than that valued at more than than that valued at more than than that. And I think those over the long term and I think those over the long term and I think those over the long term. They will continue to actually be they will continue to actually be they will continue to actually be. Bidding that high bidding that high bidding that high and that makes and that makes. And that makes sense sense sense but they will actually pay them pay that but they will actually pay them pay that. But they will actually pay them pay that that's the difference that's the difference. That's the difference well those fees should come down quite a well those fees should come down quite a. Well those fees should come down quite a lot actually and that's one of the lot actually and that's one of the. Lot actually and that's one of the things that made me think in the long things that made me think in the long. Things that made me think in the long run run run this would be better like right now. This would be better like right now this would be better like right now imagine that you're you're racing for an. Imagine that you're you're racing for an imagine that you're you're racing for an. Arbitrage opportunity let's say the arbitrage opportunity let's say the arbitrage opportunity let's say the. Arbitrage opportunity using the numbers arbitrage opportunity using the numbers arbitrage opportunity using the numbers. That we were just using is worth you that we were just using is worth you that we were just using is worth you. Know 11x allowance you're like I'm know 11x allowance you're like I'm know 11x allowance you're like I'm. Willing to bring 10xl I'm going to try willing to bring 10xl I'm going to try willing to bring 10xl I'm going to try. To get you know one excellent profit in to get you know one excellent profit in to get you know one excellent profit in. The worst case maybe you're even willing the worst case maybe you're even willing. The worst case maybe you're even willing to bid 11. To bid 11. To bid 11. But let's just say 10 for the sake of but let's just say 10 for the sake of but let's just say 10 for the sake of. Argument argument argument well right now it's like I'm going to well right now it's like I'm going to. Well right now it's like I'm going to bid 10 but I'm probably going to pay bid 10 but I'm probably going to pay. Bid 10 but I'm probably going to pay 100 troops a thousand strips whatever 100 troops a thousand strips whatever . 100 troops a thousand strips whatever based on like what normally happens based on like what normally happens. Based on like what normally happens during surge pricing during surge pricing during surge pricing. And so you've got let's say like 500 and so you've got let's say like 500 and so you've got let's say like 500. People or something trying to do this people or something trying to do this people or something trying to do this. One of them wins the other 499 one of them wins the other 499 one of them wins the other 499. Transactions go in the garbage transactions go in the garbage transactions go in the garbage. but in the real world where everybody but in the real world where everybody. but in the real world where everybody is actually bidding is actually bidding is actually bidding. For this you know 10xlm thing and for this you know 10xlm thing and for this you know 10xlm thing and. They're going to pay 10 meaning with they're going to pay 10 meaning with they're going to pay 10 meaning with. This proposal when I say in the real this proposal when I say in the real this proposal when I say in the real. World world world everybody would actually lose money and everybody would actually lose money and. Everybody would actually lose money and expectation so they'll all have to drop expectation so they'll all have to drop. Expectation so they'll all have to drop their fees by a factor of the their fees by a factor of the. Their fees by a factor of the competition competition competition so fees will actually like their peak. So fees will actually like their peak so fees will actually like their peak fees would come down by a factor of 500. Fees would come down by a factor of 500 fees would come down by a factor of 500 in this example so that's pretty cool. In this example so that's pretty cool in this example so that's pretty cool that gives other opportunities a much. That gives other opportunities a much that gives other opportunities a much better chance to be competitive. Better chance to be competitive better chance to be competitive so I think long term there could be. So I think long term there could be so I think long term there could be benefits beyond just like you know. Benefits beyond just like you know benefits beyond just like you know people bidding closer to reality but. People bidding closer to reality but people bidding closer to reality but also just like changing the discrepancy. Also just like changing the discrepancy also just like changing the discrepancy between like I'm trying to send a. Between like I'm trying to send a between like I'm trying to send a payment to my friend and I'm trying to. Payment to my friend and I'm trying to payment to my friend and I'm trying to take advantage of some arbitrage. Take advantage of some arbitrage take advantage of some arbitrage opportunity opportunity. Opportunity yeah I got one more question from tomer here I got one more question from tomer here. Actually it's too how do we envision actually it's too how do we envision actually it's too how do we envision. Validators controlling this will we give validators controlling this will we give. Validators controlling this will we give them configuration options in Stellar them configuration options in Stellar. Them configuration options in Stellar core core core so yeah like I thought a little bit. So yeah like I thought a little bit so yeah like I thought a little bit. About this all right like last time about this all right like last time about this all right like last time. There were actually questions around there were actually questions around there were actually questions around. That like are there like certain that like are there like certain that like are there like certain. Configs configs configs I think it depends on the type of I think it depends on the type of. I think it depends on the type of strategies we're going to implement strategies we're going to implement. Strategies we're going to implement some of the some of the some of the the things where I can see some configs. The things where I can see some configs the things where I can see some configs being. Being being useful are if we start to have useful are if we start to have useful are if we start to have. like like this type of surprising in a way that is this type of surprising in a way that is. This type of surprising in a way that is doing something maybe over historical doing something maybe over historical. Doing something maybe over historical data like when you look at the last few data like when you look at the last few. Data like when you look at the last few ledgers instead of just looking at the ledgers instead of just looking at the. Ledgers instead of just looking at the current pledger current pledger current pledger. And then as soon as you said the last and then as soon as you said the last and then as soon as you said the last. Few ledgers were then how many right so few ledgers were then how many right so few ledgers were then how many right so. That would be an example where you have that would be an example where you have that would be an example where you have. A tunable a tunable a tunable for the for the for the cur like there's another tunable I think. Cur like there's another tunable I think cur like there's another tunable I think. That that that that I can think of that I can think of that I can think of . That is that is that is related to the related to the related to the actually the first example I had in the. Actually the first example I had in the actually the first example I had in the cap that was. Cap that was cap that was can we can we can we limit the number of limit the number of . Limit the number of of the operations in for that are of the operations in for that are. Of the operations in for that are potentially touching the decks right so potentially touching the decks right so. Potentially touching the decks right so like that number is an example of a like that number is an example of a. Like that number is an example of a tunable also for that for that policy tunable also for that for that policy. Tunable also for that for that policy but of course you know people can but of course you know people can. but of course you know people can always go around any of those things always go around any of those things . Always go around any of those things like they can write custom code if they like they can write custom code if they. Like they can write custom code if they want want want so that's a so that's a so that's a. That's for that but yeah for the for the ones that I but yeah for the for the ones that i. Think that we will be implementing like think that we will be implementing like think that we will be implementing like. They they they likely will have yes some tunibles in likely will have yes some tunibles in. Likely will have yes some tunibles in them them them to to to potentially even disable them. Companion document companion document right that would be more in the actual right that would be more in the actual. Right that would be more in the actual box of box of box of yeah so is the general consensus at this. So is the general consensus at this point that people feel I feel like I point that people feel I feel like i. Point that people feel I feel like I literally just interrupted justin who's literally just interrupted justin who's. Literally just interrupted justin who's about to say the same thing but about to say the same thing but. About to say the same thing but do people generally feel good about this. Do people generally feel good about this do people generally feel good about this. Now feel bad about this I feel a lot now feel bad about this I feel a lot now feel bad about this I feel a lot. Better than I felt when we spoke about better than I felt when we spoke about better than I felt when we spoke about. This two weeks ago I feel like we're in this two weeks ago I feel like we're in this two weeks ago I feel like we're in. A place where like a place where like a place where like I think we could get people behind this. I think we could get people behind this I think we could get people behind this and it'd be a bit of a mind shift but. And it'd be a bit of a mind shift but and it'd be a bit of a mind shift but people would feel good about it. People would feel good about it people would feel good about it I don't know if everybody else feels. I don't know if everybody else feels I don't know if everybody else feels the same way. The same way the same way yeah I think this has been better than yeah I think this has been better than. Yeah I think this has been better than the than the the than the the than the much better than the last draft I think. Much better than the last draft I think much better than the last draft I think it's this is a tool and I think there's. It's this is a tool and I think there's it's this is a tool and I think there's understandably some anxiety over like. Understandably some anxiety over like understandably some anxiety over like how is the tool going to be used but i. How is the tool going to be used but I how is the tool going to be used but I think the worst case scenario is not. Think the worst case scenario is not think the worst case scenario is not terrible that like we just get rid of. Terrible that like we just get rid of terrible that like we just get rid of the dutch auction and the most likely. The dutch auction and the most likely the dutch auction and the most likely scenario is that. Scenario is that scenario is that people that you know people that you know people that you know. Stellar core has some parameters and Stellar core has some parameters and Stellar core has some parameters and. Like like like the thing you know it's done in such a the thing you know it's done in such a. The thing you know it's done in such a way that you know it's like like simple way that you know it's like like simple. Way that you know it's like like simple payments are very unlikely to do this payments are very unlikely to do this. Payments are very unlikely to do this because they would require changing the because they would require changing the. Because they would require changing the sequels plus and that yes we understand sequels plus and that yes we understand. Sequels plus and that yes we understand that certain assets and then overloaded that certain assets and then overloaded. That certain assets and then overloaded decks may end up decks may end up decks may end up. Getting this getting this getting this treatment yeah exactly like the worst case. Yeah exactly like the worst case scenario is that we end up with what scenario is that we end up with what. Scenario is that we end up with what basically everybody else in the space is basically everybody else in the space is. Basically everybody else in the space is doing doing doing and what we used to have before we went. And what we used to have before we went and what we used to have before we went from construction which was before the. From construction which was before the from construction which was before the fee bump transaction and so I think that. Fee bump transaction and so I think that fee bump transaction and so I think that. There's some I still like the dutch there's some I still like the dutch there's some I still like the dutch. Auction but I think it would have been auction but I think it would have been auction but I think it would have been. Harder to make the case for the dutch harder to make the case for the dutch harder to make the case for the dutch. Auction if we already had the fee bump auction if we already had the fee bump auction if we already had the fee bump. And so you know now we've got both and so you know now we've got both and so you know now we've got both. Options options options yes yes yes I think I think I think like I don't know if like I don't know if. Like I don't know if people so and I think that would be people so and I think that would be. People so and I think that would be actually part of actually part of actually part of. How to how to how to explain to people like the shift here is explain to people like the shift here is. Explain to people like the shift here is that I think by renaming that I think by renaming. That I think by renaming what we do to discount what we do to discount what we do to discount. I think it's actually helps quite a bit I think it's actually helps quite a bit I think it's actually helps quite a bit. People understand what is actually people understand what is actually people understand what is actually. Happening happening happening in terms of like you know when you think in terms of like you know when you think. In terms of like you know when you think of a discount I'm potentially going to of a discount I'm potentially going to. Of a discount I'm potentially going to give you a discount you go to a store give you a discount you go to a store. Give you a discount you go to a store you actually you actually you actually expect to more or less pay what is you. Expect to more or less pay what is you expect to more or less pay what is you know displayed. Know displayed know displayed before you start to haggle before you start to haggle. before you start to haggle and I think that's kind of the and I think that's kind of the. and I think that's kind of the you know I think you know I think you know I think. It's it's more similar to this via slack tomer is asking questions via slack tomer is asking questions. About downstream systems so how do we about downstream systems so how do we about downstream systems so how do we. Expect downstream systems to understand expect downstream systems to understand expect downstream systems to understand. The fees collected the fees collected the fees collected and then he also said dutch auctions are. And then he also said dutch auctions are and then he also said dutch auctions are. Already an oddity in the space so this already an oddity in the space so this already an oddity in the space so this. Only makes fees more opaque only makes fees more opaque only makes fees more opaque. And then again raises a concern we need and then again raises a concern we need and then again raises a concern we need. To figure out how to explain this to to figure out how to explain this to to figure out how to explain this to. Downstream systems downstream systems downstream systems so I know that this is a. So I know that this is a so I know that this is a well I think that's a valid question. Well I think that's a valid question well I think that's a valid question downstream systems how do we expect to. Downstream systems how do we expect to downstream systems how do we expect to explain this that we've removed the. Explain this that we've removed the explain this that we've removed the oddity at least some fraction of the. Oddity at least some fraction of the oddity at least some fraction of the time right I think there was a question. Right I think there was a question around around around like being able to see which groups and. Like being able to see which groups and like being able to see which groups and all that from horizon. All that from horizon all that from horizon from lee on the mailing list I mean the. From lee on the mailing list I mean the from lee on the mailing list I mean the data will be there like it's actually. Data will be there like it's actually data will be there like it's actually part of the. Part of the part of the of the consensus value of the consensus value of the consensus value. so yeah like I think so yeah like I think so yeah like I think yeah we'll probably have to. Yeah we'll probably have to yeah we'll probably have to to think about how to to think about how to. To think about how to maybe like expose this a little better maybe like expose this a little better. Maybe like expose this a little better from the the main api that comes on from the the main api that comes on. From the the main api that comes on maybe it's the the api also is like maybe it's the the api also is like. Maybe it's the the api also is like going to give better going to give better going to give better. Idea of like what's going on and the idea of like what's going on and the idea of like what's going on and the. Current one is actually current one is actually current one is actually also kind of strange because the stats. Also kind of strange because the stats also kind of strange because the stats of other if you look at as a as a. Of other if you look at as a as a of other if you look at as a as a developer if I hit that api that gives. Developer if I hit that api that gives developer if I hit that api that gives me stats about the last five ledgers. Me stats about the last five ledgers me stats about the last five ledgers it's actually not. It's actually not it's actually not even today it's actually not that great even today it's actually not that great. Even today it's actually not that great in terms of experience because you're in terms of experience because you're. In terms of experience because you're looking at like a lot of people like looking at like a lot of people like. Looking at like a lot of people like should I use the should I use the should I use the. Tenth percentile or my year's percentile tenth percentile or my year's percentile. Tenth percentile or my year's percentile like and like and like and and actually you're not even guaranteed. And actually you're not even guaranteed and actually you're not even guaranteed of anything by using this they're. Of anything by using this they're of anything by using this they're sometimes because it's only five ledgers. Sometimes because it's only five ledgers sometimes because it's only five ledgers. And you know past performance doesn't and you know past performance doesn't and you know past performance doesn't. Predict future predict future predict future so so so yeah I think for a lot of developers. Yeah I think for a lot of developers yeah I think for a lot of developers they just ignore they don't they just. They just ignore they don't they just they just ignore they don't they just say why do I need to check like they've. Say why do I need to check like they've say why do I need to check like they've learned. Learned learned why do I need to check fee stats if I why do I need to check fee stats if i. Why do I need to check fee stats if I just can set my fee super super high and just can set my fee super super high and. Just can set my fee super super high and only be charged the lowest only be charged the lowest. Only be charged the lowest and so I guess this comes back in part and so I guess this comes back in part. And so I guess this comes back in part to that question right like if suddenly to that question right like if suddenly. To that question right like if suddenly yeah displaying information about fees yeah displaying information about fees. Yeah displaying information about fees in order to make an informed decision is in order to make an informed decision is. In order to make an informed decision is more important more important more important. I think the so it will be actually I think the so it will be actually I think the so it will be actually. You can still have like the approach you can still have like the approach you can still have like the approach. Can still be done very much in can still be done very much in can still be done very much in . Isolation isolation isolation because we you know by like similar to you know what what we. Like similar to you know what what we have today right where people build like have today right where people build like. Have today right where people build like some high number and then that's kind of. Some high number and then that's kind of some high number and then that's kind of. It like now they will have to be it like now they will have to be it like now they will have to be. A lower a lower a lower lower than not better than that if they lower than not better than that if they. Lower than not better than that if they are are are not comfortable with that higher number. Not comfortable with that higher number not comfortable with that higher number and and then. And and then and and then and then retry and then do a and then retry and then do a. And then retry and then do a maybe like a maybe like a maybe like a like depending on the on the app right. Like depending on the on the app right like depending on the on the app right like it depends like like for. Like it depends like like for like it depends like like for like for many applications building like. Like for many applications building like like for many applications building like. A tenth of a cent is actually fine a tenth of a cent is actually fine a tenth of a cent is actually fine. Right in fee right in fee right in fee and that's kind of the end of the and that's kind of the end of the. and that's kind of the end of the story if story if story if like if you really want that transaction. Like if you really want that transaction like if you really want that transaction. To make it but you don't want to to make it but you don't want to to make it but you don't want to. Necessarily expose yourself to necessarily expose yourself to necessarily expose yourself to. Variations variations variations I think a fine strategy is just to have. I think a fine strategy is just to have I think a fine strategy is just to have like a timeout and multiplier on top or. Like a timeout and multiplier on top or like a timeout and multiplier on top or something like that right like and it's. Something like that right like and it's something like that right like and it's not complicated. Okay okay I mean I guess if I had one reservation I mean I guess if I had one reservation. I mean I guess if I had one reservation about this maybe I should just about this maybe I should just. About this maybe I should just voice this now I'm not sure this is a voice this now I'm not sure this is a. Voice this now I'm not sure this is a problem but in the nomination value problem but in the nomination value. Problem but in the nomination value comparison comparison comparison I'm not 100 convinced that the second . I'm not 100 convinced that the second I'm not 100 convinced that the second . Item in the in the item in the in the item in the in the four tuple the second most significant. Four tuple the second most significant four tuple the second most significant item should be total fees that the. Item should be total fees that the item should be total fees that the transaction set will collect an. Transaction set will collect an transaction set will collect an alternative which I don't know if it's. Alternative which I don't know if it's alternative which I don't know if it's better but the point is I don't know an. Better but the point is I don't know an better but the point is I don't know an alternative would be to say. Alternative would be to say alternative would be to say it's the total pledged fees the total. It's the total pledged fees the total it's the total pledged fees the total offered fees even if the total collected. Offered fees even if the total collected offered fees even if the total collected. Is less because some transactions ended is less because some transactions ended is less because some transactions ended. Up in the discount bucket now up in the discount bucket now up in the discount bucket now. I understand there's there's definitely I understand there's there's definitely I understand there's there's definitely. A good argument why total fees of course a good argument why total fees of course. A good argument why total fees of course is better otherwise maybe validators is better otherwise maybe validators. Is better otherwise maybe validators could like game the system or do other could like game the system or do other. Could like game the system or do other weird things weird things weird things however there's just one scenario that. However there's just one scenario that however there's just one scenario that maybe I'm concerned about imagine a. Maybe I'm concerned about imagine a maybe I'm concerned about imagine a situation where we have this thing that. Situation where we have this thing that situation where we have this thing that we think is not very economically. We think is not very economically we think is not very economically beneficial and it's spam so we say okay. Beneficial and it's spam so we say okay beneficial and it's spam so we say okay we're going to put that in the. We're going to put that in the we're going to put that in the non-discount bucket and everything else. Non-discount bucket and everything else non-discount bucket and everything else goes in the discount bucket and now you. Goes in the discount bucket and now you goes in the discount bucket and now you have these transactions that are very. Have these transactions that are very have these transactions that are very important that are willing to pay a lot. Important that are willing to pay a lot important that are willing to pay a lot of money but because they're in the. Of money but because they're in the of money but because they're in the discount bucket two kind of maxed out. Discount bucket two kind of maxed out discount bucket two kind of maxed out. nomination values that are completely nomination values that are completely. Nomination values that are completely both completely full so have the same both completely full so have the same. Both completely full so have the same number of operations end up favoring number of operations end up favoring. Number of operations end up favoring the one that collects more fees the one that collects more fees. The one that collects more fees where where where it actually even though more fees were. It actually even though more fees were it actually even though more fees were pledged to the other one it's just that. Pledged to the other one it's just that pledged to the other one it's just that the other people are getting a discount. The other people are getting a discount the other people are getting a discount that maybe they don't even want . That maybe they don't even want that maybe they don't even want yeah I mean that yeah that I mean. Yeah I mean that yeah that I mean yeah I mean that yeah that I mean I think I don't. I think I don't I think I don't think it like using the total think it like using the total. Think it like using the total feedback feedback feedback is necessarily a problem. Is necessarily a problem is necessarily a problem like we do we just need a way to compare. Like we do we just need a way to compare right like the quality so I think right like the quality so I think. Right like the quality so I think that you know it actually is aligned that you know it actually is aligned. That you know it actually is aligned with the with the with the you know you know. You know the intent the intent the intent yeah so yeah so yeah so I think yeah like the bid is fine. I think yeah like the bid is fine I think yeah like the bid is fine probably so so. Are there are there other questions to are there are there other questions to are there are there other questions to. Raise here or points to discuss raise here or points to discuss raise here or points to discuss. I feel like there's still I feel like there's still I feel like there's still issues that maybe already exist on on a. Issues that maybe already exist on on a issues that maybe already exist on on a mailing list. Mailing list mailing list is that correct is that correct is that correct or actually I guess i'll just say it. Or actually I guess i'll just say it or actually I guess i'll just say it this way I feel like this should that. This way I feel like this should that this way I feel like this should that this is not quite ready to move into a. This is not quite ready to move into a this is not quite ready to move into a vote or anything that there still may be. Vote or anything that there still may be vote or anything that there still may be. Some time for marination just to think some time for marination just to think some time for marination just to think. About a few of these issues about a few of these issues about a few of these issues. Including maybe thinking about the including maybe thinking about the including maybe thinking about the. Downstream implications just yeah I downstream implications just yeah I downstream implications just yeah i. Think I want to maybe think I want to maybe think I want to maybe add a little bit of detail of like the. Add a little bit of detail of like the add a little bit of detail of like the type of expectations for the downstream. Type of expectations for the downstream type of expectations for the downstream systems and then. Systems and then systems and then and then we can and then we can and then we can. Actually move forward with this one I actually move forward with this one I actually move forward with this one i. Mean here's another thing we could do mean here's another thing we could do mean here's another thing we could do. That I don't I don't necessarily think that I don't I don't necessarily think that I don't I don't necessarily think. Is a good idea but just so that it's is a good idea but just so that it's is a good idea but just so that it's. Been on the table we've decided it's not been on the table we've decided it's not. Been on the table we've decided it's not a good thing to do so we could so a good thing to do so we could so. A good thing to do so we could so unfortunately there's no like flags unfortunately there's no like flags. Unfortunately there's no like flags you know you know you know section for the fee bump transaction but. Section for the fee bump transaction but section for the fee bump transaction but. We could kind of add a new type of fee we could kind of add a new type of fee we could kind of add a new type of fee. Bump transaction where there's a flags bump transaction where there's a flags bump transaction where there's a flags. Field field field and sort of you know and sort of you know and sort of you know one of these flags could control could. One of these flags could control could one of these flags could control could say like basically like like this is. Say like basically like like this is say like basically like like this is very important like I'm willing to pay. Very important like I'm willing to pay very important like I'm willing to pay my full i'd rather not have a discount. My full i'd rather not have a discount my full i'd rather not have a discount if it like you know. If it like you know if it like you know risks my transaction having like less . Risks my transaction having like less risks my transaction having like less . Chance of getting in chance of getting in chance of getting in so then at least somebody who like their. So then at least somebody who like their so then at least somebody who like their. Transaction is very important they say transaction is very important they say transaction is very important they say. Like hey don't exclude me just because like hey don't exclude me just because like hey don't exclude me just because. You're giving me a discount I don't even you're giving me a discount I don't even. You're giving me a discount I don't even want that discount want that discount want that discount. Yeah I don't I don't yeah I don't I don't yeah I don't I don't think we would think we would. Think we would of all the strategies we talked so far of all the strategies we talked so far. Of all the strategies we talked so far like we would basically have like those like we would basically have like those. Like we would basically have like those groups right and then within those groups right and then within those. Groups right and then within those groups you may or may not get a discount groups you may or may not get a discount. Groups you may or may not get a discount but even if you do get the discount you but even if you do get the discount you. But even if you do get the discount you have to be the highest bidder so I think have to be the highest bidder so I think. Have to be the highest bidder so I think if you bid more than everybody else if you bid more than everybody else. If you bid more than everybody else like you know what I'm saying we'll get like you know what I'm saying we'll get. Like you know what I'm saying we'll get in right in right in right not necessarily because you might not be. Not necessarily because you might not be not necessarily because you might not be. In the winning nomination value in the winning nomination value in the winning nomination value. Right I'm concerned what I mean a right I'm concerned what I mean a right I'm concerned what I mean a. Validator right that's going to craft a validator right that's going to craft a validator right that's going to craft a. A set right with all those groups a set right with all those groups a set right with all those groups. If you bid more than everybody else if you bid more than everybody else if you bid more than everybody else. You will be you will be you will be included included included not if you're yeah sorry you'll be. Not if you're yeah sorry you'll be not if you're yeah sorry you'll be included in the nomination value but it. Included in the nomination value but it included in the nomination value but it may get beaten out by another nomination. May get beaten out by another nomination may get beaten out by another nomination. Value value value oh in practice we normally only have oh in practice we normally only have. Oh in practice we normally only have like one nomination value right or two like one nomination value right or two. Like one nomination value right or two yeah that's very small yeah but that's yeah that's very small yeah but that's. Yeah that's very small yeah but that's but now we're starting to place you know but now we're starting to place you know. But now we're starting to place you know it increase the amount of trust in you it increase the amount of trust in you. It increase the amount of trust in you know like that's not what scp is know like that's not what scp is. Know like that's not what scp is designed to designed to designed to take to guarantee right so yeah I mean. Take to guarantee right so yeah I mean take to guarantee right so yeah I mean at this point what you're saying like. At this point what you're saying like at this point what you're saying like well the other value right that's from a. Well the other value right that's from a well the other value right that's from a. Different validator would also not different validator would also not different validator would also not. Include that transaction that is the include that transaction that is the include that transaction that is the. Highest bidder right so that's highest bidder right so that's highest bidder right so that's. Why I'm imagining I think this is a why I'm imagining I think this is a why I'm imagining I think this is a. Different problem that you're different problem that you're different problem that you're. You you have no you you have no you you have no a a a that's the same problem the problem is. That's the same problem the problem is that's the same problem the problem is that somebody keeps nominating. That somebody keeps nominating that somebody keeps nominating a block that has more spam transactions. A block that has more spam transactions a block that has more spam transactions and therefore collects higher fees and. And therefore collects higher fees and and therefore collects higher fees and that. That that value kind of ends up beating out a value kind of ends up beating out a. Value kind of ends up beating out a value with more value with more value with more. Useful transactions but I think this is more of a like why but I think this is more of a like why. Would other validator if there if there would other validator if there if there would other validator if there if there. Are more spam values right like are more spam values right like are more spam values right like. This high fee transaction would be this high fee transaction would be this high fee transaction would be . Nominated by this other validator unless nominated by this other validator unless. Nominated by this other validator unless they are actually decided that they they are actually decided that they. They are actually decided that they would no but I mean like scp is would no but I mean like scp is. Would no but I mean like scp is byzantine fault tolerant right we we're byzantine fault tolerant right we we're. Byzantine fault tolerant right we we're supposed to assume that like some supposed to assume that like some. Supposed to assume that like some fraction fraction fraction of validators could be misbehaving. Of validators could be misbehaving of validators could be misbehaving yeah of course yeah and in this case . Yeah of course yeah and in this case yeah of course yeah and in this case and so and so I want to make sure that. And so and so I want to make sure that and so and so I want to make sure that that doesn't like severely impact the. That doesn't like severely impact the that doesn't like severely impact the you know the what we consider the good. You know the what we consider the good you know the what we consider the good transactions. Can I clarify here is this not solved by can I clarify here is this not solved by. Switching the second criteria to the switching the second criteria to the switching the second criteria to the. Total feedback oh sorry if we're just total feedback oh sorry if we're just total feedback oh sorry if we're just. Gonna do that then that's fine yeah yeah gonna do that then that's fine yeah yeah. Gonna do that then that's fine yeah yeah that's right that's what I said earlier that's right that's what I said earlier. That's right that's what I said earlier oh okay okay sorry I thought you were oh okay okay sorry I thought you were. Oh okay okay sorry I thought you were gonna consider it but you weren't so gonna consider it but you weren't so. Gonna consider it but you weren't so that's why I was saying here's another that's why I was saying here's another. That's why I was saying here's another thing that you do yeah okay sure I could still imagine the utility of. I could still imagine the utility of like no seriously I really mean to pay like no seriously I really mean to pay. Like no seriously I really mean to pay this bid this bid this bid flag I just wouldn't support that. flag I just wouldn't support that flag I just wouldn't support that today but if somebody were to come. Today but if somebody were to come today but if somebody were to come around and be like no like seriously i. Around and be like no like seriously I around and be like no like seriously I have a real reason why I really want to. Have a real reason why I really want to have a real reason why I really want to pay these ski bids and waste my money. Pay these ski bids and waste my money pay these ski bids and waste my money maybe we maybe there is a real reason. Maybe we maybe there is a real reason maybe we maybe there is a real reason for that I don't know it yet but like. For that I don't know it yet but like for that I don't know it yet but like that wouldn't be a hard change to make. That wouldn't be a hard change to make that wouldn't be a hard change to make like you were describing about adding a. Like you were describing about adding a like you were describing about adding a flags thing to the transaction to the. Flags thing to the transaction to the flags thing to the transaction to the. Debunk transaction debunk transaction debunk transaction right okay okay so I guess that's another thing is. So I guess that's another thing is so I guess that's another thing is switching that second value to be keep. Switching that second value to be keep switching that second value to be keep it instead of what it is now okay. It instead of what it is now okay it instead of what it is now okay yeah yeah yeah. Okay cool okay cool okay cool I feel like that's in progress I feel like that's in progress. I feel like that's in progress and now and now and now I think it's time to move on. I think it's time to move on I think it's time to move on to speed x to speed x . To speed x so the next cap for today's discussion so the next cap for today's discussion. So the next cap for today's discussion is cap 44 speed x configuration speed is cap 44 speed x configuration speed. Is cap 44 speed x configuration speed x is x is x is a new design for a fully on chain. A new design for a fully on chain a new design for a fully on chain decentralized exchange that can scale to. Decentralized exchange that can scale to decentralized exchange that can scale to. An arbitrarily high transaction an arbitrarily high transaction an arbitrarily high transaction. Throughput throughput throughput it's implementing it is something we sdf it's implementing it is something we sdf. It's implementing it is something we sdf mentioned in our 2022 roadmap mentioned in our 2022 roadmap. Mentioned in our 2022 roadmap it's something that's important to sort it's something that's important to sort. It's something that's important to sort of the future scalability of Stellar of the future scalability of Stellar. Of the future scalability of Stellar it's going to take a few caps to it's going to take a few caps to. It's going to take a few caps to implement speedx and this first one is implement speedx and this first one is. Implement speedx and this first one is really just about setting up validators really just about setting up validators. Really just about setting up validators so they can configure speed x so they can configure speed x. So they can configure speed x but rather than me trying to explain but rather than me trying to explain. But rather than me trying to explain that I will pass it I guess that I will pass it I guess. That I will pass it I guess I guess to john or maybe to jeff who I guess to john or maybe to jeff who. I guess to john or maybe to jeff who wants to sort of give an overview of wants to sort of give an overview of. Wants to sort of give an overview of what this cap does what this cap does what this cap does. I'll pass it to john and john if you i'll pass it to john and john if you i'll pass it to john and john if you. Want to pass it to jeff up to you I'm want to pass it to jeff up to you I'm want to pass it to jeff up to you I'm. Gonna pass it straight to jeff and what gonna pass it straight to jeff and what gonna pass it straight to jeff and what. I was thinking is jeff could open with I was thinking is jeff could open with I was thinking is jeff could open with. Just like like a quick pitch on what just like like a quick pitch on what just like like a quick pitch on what. Like what speed x is why speed x and like what speed x is why speed x and like what speed x is why speed x and. Then maybe I can go and kind of give a then maybe I can go and kind of give a then maybe I can go and kind of give a. Quick pitch on like why we're breaking quick pitch on like why we're breaking quick pitch on like why we're breaking. Up the caps into a bunch of different up the caps into a bunch of different up the caps into a bunch of different. Things like why we're going section by things like why we're going section by things like why we're going section by. Section section section and kind of what this one is about and kind of what this one is about. And kind of what this one is about and and and jeff jeff wrote all the drafts of all of. Jeff jeff wrote all the drafts of all of jeff jeff wrote all the drafts of all of. This stuff in the summer and we've just this stuff in the summer and we've just this stuff in the summer and we've just. Been cleaning it up and kind of like been cleaning it up and kind of like been cleaning it up and kind of like. like trying to like make it as like trying to like make it as like trying to like make it as. Physically simple as possible but all of physically simple as possible but all of. Physically simple as possible but all of these ideas are really jeff's ideas so these ideas are really jeff's ideas so. These ideas are really jeff's ideas so thanks yeah so speedx is a thanks yeah so speedx is a. thanks yeah so speedx is a design for trading design for trading design for trading . Settling a bunch of trades in batches settling a bunch of trades in batches settling a bunch of trades in batches. Instead of serially and the reason for instead of serially and the reason for instead of serially and the reason for. This is on the one hand if you if you this is on the one hand if you if you. This is on the one hand if you if you settle trades in batches settle trades in batches . Settle trades in batches you can parallelize the operational you can parallelize the operational. You can parallelize the operational exchange so you can scale to exchange so you can scale to . Exchange so you can scale to to many transactions per second and also to many transactions per second and also. To many transactions per second and also by trading in batches you get by trading in batches you get . By trading in batches you get the market becomes more fair and you get the market becomes more fair and you get. The market becomes more fair and you get better liquidity between assets that better liquidity between assets that. Better liquidity between assets that aren't very traded very much and aren't very traded very much and . Aren't very traded very much and you cut down on a lot of you cut down on a lot of . You cut down on a lot of the common front-running attacks or the common front-running attacks or . The common front-running attacks or the the arbitrage opportunities that the the arbitrage opportunities that. The the arbitrage opportunities that we've been talking about that clog up we've been talking about that clog up. We've been talking about that clog up the network the network the network as if as for this particular cap. As if as for this particular cap as if as for this particular cap speedx needs a certain amount of . Speedx needs a certain amount of speedx needs a certain amount of configuration data in particular the big. Configuration data in particular the big configuration data in particular the big. Thing is one thing is one thing is one control parameters on how you actually. Control parameters on how you actually control parameters on how you actually run the batch. Run the batch run the batch computation and and two computation and and two . Computation and and two a way of choosing which assets are a way of choosing which assets are. A way of choosing which assets are traded in the batch and which ones traded in the batch and which ones. Traded in the batch and which ones aren't aren't aren't and so what this cap does is take a very. And so what this cap does is take a very and so what this cap does is take a very. Like the simplest approach towards like the simplest approach towards like the simplest approach towards . Deciding which assets in the batch deciding which assets in the batch deciding which assets in the batch. Namely there's some set list and then namely there's some set list and then. Namely there's some set list and then the validators can upgrade that with the validators can upgrade that with. The validators can upgrade that with some kind of upgrade protocol but you some kind of upgrade protocol but you. Some kind of upgrade protocol but you can imagine the future doing some other can imagine the future doing some other. Can imagine the future doing some other way of choosing which assets are way of choosing which assets are. Way of choosing which assets are traded in the patch and it's not traded in the patch and it's not. Traded in the patch and it's not quite clear exactly which kinds of quite clear exactly which kinds of. Quite clear exactly which kinds of configuration data we need in the cap at configuration data we need in the cap at. Configuration data we need in the cap at this point what actually we need will. This point what actually we need will this point what actually we need will. Probably depend on probably depend on probably depend on what we finalize for other speed x. What we finalize for other speed x what we finalize for other speed x related caps. Related caps related caps but this is we'll at least need the but this is we'll at least need the. But this is we'll at least need the data that we have here and just to just give a little. And just to just give a little information about like why we're information about like why we're. Information about like why we're breaking this down into a bunch of small breaking this down into a bunch of small. Breaking this down into a bunch of small pieces pieces pieces so I kind of learned a lesson after we. So I kind of learned a lesson after we so I kind of learned a lesson after we did the liquidity pools work where like. Did the liquidity pools work where like did the liquidity pools work where like we produced this like 1500 line cap and. We produced this like 1500 line cap and we produced this like 1500 line cap and it was just like really unwieldy and. It was just like really unwieldy and it was just like really unwieldy and people never knew what parts of things. People never knew what parts of things people never knew what parts of things we were talking about and what are the. We were talking about and what are the we were talking about and what are the interactions between things and stuff. Interactions between things and stuff interactions between things and stuff like that. Like that like that so this time different concept so this time different concept. So this time different concept let's break basically let's break this let's break basically let's break this. Let's break basically let's break this problem into all the logical parts like problem into all the logical parts like. Problem into all the logical parts like this the configuration of the upgrades this the configuration of the upgrades. This the configuration of the upgrades this is like the technical pricing this is like the technical pricing. This is like the technical pricing algorithm that we're going to use this algorithm that we're going to use this. Algorithm that we're going to use this is how we're going to get the is how we're going to get the. Is how we're going to get the commutativity and this is how we're commutativity and this is how we're. Commutativity and this is how we're going to settle the trade and those are going to settle the trade and those are. Going to settle the trade and those are kind of like the four verticals that I'm kind of like the four verticals that I'm. Kind of like the four verticals that I'm seeing seeing seeing and so this one came out first because. And so this one came out first because and so this one came out first because it was short and kind of easy and like. It was short and kind of easy and like it was short and kind of easy and like it was very well established like what. It was very well established like what it was very well established like what the space of options were. The space of options were the space of options were pricing will come out in the next few. pricing will come out in the next few pricing will come out in the next few. Days and then days and then days and then we'll keep going but I think jeff we'll keep going but I think jeff. We'll keep going but I think jeff already gave a good overview of what's already gave a good overview of what's. Already gave a good overview of what's kind of in this particular proposal so yeah and this one contains actually the. Yeah and this one contains actually the most controversial part of the speed most controversial part of the speed. Most controversial part of the speed example is it's actually related to what example is it's actually related to what. Example is it's actually related to what we just talked about with validators we just talked about with validators. We just talked about with validators being able to do things that maybe being able to do things that maybe. Being able to do things that maybe they shouldn't have control of they shouldn't have control of. They shouldn't have control of so maybe we should start right on to so maybe we should start right on to. So maybe we should start right on to that particular topic that particular topic that particular topic. Yeah just quick question like so when yeah just quick question like so when yeah just quick question like so when. They're determining this list of assets they're determining this list of assets they're determining this list of assets. This is an extra protocol just like this is an extra protocol just like this is an extra protocol just like. Decision that they're somehow making decision that they're somehow making decision that they're somehow making. Like they're saying hey hey guys I think like they're saying hey hey guys I think. Like they're saying hey hey guys I think these are the assets that we should add these are the assets that we should add. These are the assets that we should add and then they all I sort of imagine there's like a listing. I sort of imagine there's like a listing process or something where you know like. Process or something where you know like process or something where you know like. We have this whole set of upgrades for we have this whole set of upgrades for we have this whole set of upgrades for. Like changing the transaction set size like changing the transaction set size like changing the transaction set size. Or whatever so i'd sort of imagine or whatever so i'd sort of imagine or whatever so i'd sort of imagine. We'd do a similar kind of mechanism we'd do a similar kind of mechanism we'd do a similar kind of mechanism. There but like whatever we do it would be kind but like whatever we do it would be kind. Of outside the scope of the protocol you of outside the scope of the protocol you. Of outside the scope of the protocol you know whatever the ecosystem wants to do know whatever the ecosystem wants to do. Know whatever the ecosystem wants to do is their system that's what they should is their system that's what they should. Is their system that's what they should do do do I my hope is that this list isn't changing. My hope is that this list isn't changing my hope is that this list isn't changing. Like every second that would be really like every second that would be really like every second that would be really. Unnecessary like unnecessary like unnecessary like so it should be the type of thing that. So it should be the type of thing that so it should be the type of thing that people can coordinate pretty easily on. People can coordinate pretty easily on people can coordinate pretty easily on like a day-to-day basis. Like a day-to-day basis like a day-to-day basis but the the real question I have here is. But the the real question I have here is but the the real question I have here is. Kind of like kind of like kind of like are people going to be upset about are people going to be upset about. Are people going to be upset about handing this kind of power to validators handing this kind of power to validators. Handing this kind of power to validators I mean it's I mean it's I mean it's it's very much like not in the kind of. It's very much like not in the kind of it's very much like not in the kind of scope that we currently. Scope that we currently scope that we currently explore at least before cap 42. Explore at least before cap 42. Explore at least before cap 42. it's very much the same kind of power it's very much the same kind of power. it's very much the same kind of power of like hey like these assets live in of like hey like these assets live in. Of like hey like these assets live in this privileged world where they have this privileged world where they have. This privileged world where they have access to this feature and these other access to this feature and these other. Access to this feature and these other assets don't assets don't assets don't do people feel bad about this. Do people feel bad about this do people feel bad about this because I have something I mean. Because I have something I mean because I have something I mean personally personally. Personally the way the way the way go ahead go ahead go ahead I mean I guess the the. I mean I guess the the I mean I guess the the the thing that I would the thing that I would. The thing that I would like to at least consider is that like to at least consider is that. Like to at least consider is that instead of one magically privileged instead of one magically privileged. Instead of one magically privileged speed x you could at least theoretically speed x you could at least theoretically. Speed x you could at least theoretically have room for like multiple speed x's have room for like multiple speed x's. Have room for like multiple speed x's where asset issuers could you know by where asset issuers could you know by. Where asset issuers could you know by default be included in any speed x but default be included in any speed x but. Default be included in any speed x but could also like say like which speed x could also like say like which speed x. Could also like say like which speed x they want to be included in they want to be included in. They want to be included in so they could kind of revoke permission so they could kind of revoke permission. So they could kind of revoke permission for being in a particular speed x so if for being in a particular speed x so if. For being in a particular speed x so if you did this then this is seems like a you did this then this is seems like a. You did this then this is seems like a more Stellar way of doing things because more Stellar way of doing things because. More Stellar way of doing things because then in practice like all the assets then in practice like all the assets. Then in practice like all the assets anyone would care about will probably anyone would care about will probably. Anyone would care about will probably all want to be in a speed x together but all want to be in a speed x together but. All want to be in a speed x together but if some another bunch of random assets if some another bunch of random assets. If some another bunch of random assets wanted to be in a speed x together like wanted to be in a speed x together like. Wanted to be in a speed x together like you know you know you know you know importance is in the eye the. You know importance is in the eye the you know importance is in the eye the beholder no one's to no one is to say. Beholder no one's to no one is to say beholder no one's to no one is to say that like assets a b and c are less. That like assets a b and c are less that like assets a b and c are less important than assets x y and z it's. Important than assets x y and z it's important than assets x y and z it's just that you know. Just that you know just that you know x y and z are happy together and a b and x y and z are happy together and a b and. X y and z are happy together and a b and c are happy together this is an interesting. This is an interesting concept concept concept not something that actually came up. not something that actually came up not something that actually came up in the earlier discussion at all so. In the earlier discussion at all so in the earlier discussion at all so already I I'm intrigued. Already I I'm intrigued already I I'm intrigued I guess my first kind of like I guess my first kind of like. I guess my first kind of like reactionary question to this is like reactionary question to this is like. Reactionary question to this is like the main motivation for breaking out the main motivation for breaking out. The main motivation for breaking out like a speedex list like a speedex list like a speedex list. Is just computational concerns is just computational concerns is just computational concerns. So how does that square with having so how does that square with having so how does that square with having. Multiple multiple multiple lists or having to like you could even lists or having to like you could even. Lists or having to like you could even imagine a world where like everybody's imagine a world where like everybody's. Imagine a world where like everybody's like okay well you know like there's like okay well you know like there's. Like okay well you know like there's this one list which has this preferred this one list which has this preferred. This one list which has this preferred status but like let's put everything status but like let's put everything. Status but like let's put everything else into this other list else into this other list. Else into this other list well because the the problem is that the well because the the problem is that the. Well because the the problem is that the the list themselves would have to be the list themselves would have to be. The list themselves would have to be capped right because there's a super capped right because there's a super. Capped right because there's a super linear stuff in the in the kind of linear stuff in the in the kind of. Linear stuff in the in the kind of number of assets right and so if you can number of assets right and so if you can. Number of assets right and so if you can you know it's cheaper to compute two you know it's cheaper to compute two. You know it's cheaper to compute two small two speed x's with like 100 assets small two speed x's with like 100 assets. Small two speed x's with like 100 assets than one speed x with 200 assets isn't it. Isn't it certain parts of it at least I certain parts of it at least i. certain parts of it at least I haven't figured out how to scale haven't figured out how to scale . Haven't figured out how to scale beyond some fixed quantity of assets beyond some fixed quantity of assets. Beyond some fixed quantity of assets effectively which parts are those which parts are those . So the the price computation the the so the the price computation the the so the the price computation the the. Number of rounds that you need number of rounds that you need number of rounds that you need . Seems to like increases somewhat as seems to like increases somewhat as seems to like increases somewhat as. The number of assets goes up and but the number of assets goes up and but the number of assets goes up and but. The the big limitation I think is the the the big limitation I think is the the the big limitation I think is the. The the linear programming follow-up the the linear programming follow-up the the linear programming follow-up. Phase phase phase the hand rolled the hand world solver the hand rolled the hand world solver. the hand rolled the hand world solver that I wrote for Stellar over the that I wrote for Stellar over the. That I wrote for Stellar over the summer was turns out doesn't work summer was turns out doesn't work. Summer was turns out doesn't work very well at all past like 20 assets if very well at all past like 20 assets if. Very well at all past like 20 assets if you take an office shelf solver I was you take an office shelf solver I was. You take an office shelf solver I was getting it to getting it to getting it to 50 to. 50 to 50 to 80 and then a custom hand rolled solver 80 and then a custom hand rolled solver. 80 and then a custom hand rolled solver that I had all sorts of you know that I had all sorts of you know. That I had all sorts of you know sparse optimizations and everything in sparse optimizations and everything in. Sparse optimizations and everything in it I could push that to 100 but it I could push that to 100 but . It I could push that to 100 but but the performance of that really but the performance of that really. But the performance of that really starts to starts to starts to increase very non nonlinearly after a. Increase very non nonlinearly after a increase very non nonlinearly after a while. I don't I wasn't able to push it I don't I wasn't able to push it past like a 100-ish ish. Past like a 100-ish ish past like a 100-ish ish so I think some other technique might be. So I think some other technique might be so I think some other technique might be. Needed there what's the incentive for an asset issuer what's the incentive for an asset issuer. Wanting their asset to be in a speedex wanting their asset to be in a speedex wanting their asset to be in a speedex. List you get you get basically more liquid trading and or basically more liquid trading and or. Basically more liquid trading and or like better usability on the asset going on on what david was saying. Going on on what david was saying so one of the things that comes up so one of the things that comes up. So one of the things that comes up in in in speed x speed x speed x is like in the speedx pricing cap. Is like in the speedx pricing cap is like in the speedx pricing cap that I'm still in the middle of working. That I'm still in the middle of working that I'm still in the middle of working on based on jeff's. On based on jeff's on based on jeff's but we but we but we spoiler alert we agreed on this kind of. Spoiler alert we agreed on this kind of spoiler alert we agreed on this kind of scheme where basically like in the. Scheme where basically like in the scheme where basically like in the pre-nomination phase validators nominate. Pre-nomination phase validators nominate pre-nomination phase validators nominate. A set of prices and then a set of prices and then a set of prices and then in order to see if those prices are like. In order to see if those prices are like in order to see if those prices are like. Relatively sane relatively sane relatively sane you know we also like have all the. you know we also like have all the you know we also like have all the validators do like the standardized. Validators do like the standardized validators do like the standardized computation using the solver parameters. Computation using the solver parameters computation using the solver parameters in the config. In the config in the config to try to produce a second thing and to try to produce a second thing and. To try to produce a second thing and then we choose whichever price to seem then we choose whichever price to seem. Then we choose whichever price to seem like they're better like they're better like they're better. That second phase requires that linear that second phase requires that linear that second phase requires that linear. Program that jeff was talking about program that jeff was talking about program that jeff was talking about. Which he doesn't know how to scale up which he doesn't know how to scale up which he doesn't know how to scale up. Very high very high very high but if we just said like hey like we but if we just said like hey like we. But if we just said like hey like we have this one one speed x that we're have this one one speed x that we're. Have this one one speed x that we're gonna do both phases for gonna do both phases for. Gonna do both phases for we'll do the pre nomination and the post we'll do the pre nomination and the post. We'll do the pre nomination and the post nomination and that's how we'll try to nomination and that's how we'll try to. Nomination and that's how we'll try to produce a really good reliable set of produce a really good reliable set of. Produce a really good reliable set of prices prices prices and then for the second phase or sorry. And then for the second phase or sorry and then for the second phase or sorry for all the other speedx lists. For all the other speedx lists for all the other speedx lists you have to both present the prices. You have to both present the prices you have to both present the prices and and and. The network flow that's already rounded the network flow that's already rounded the network flow that's already rounded. So we don't need to do the linear so we don't need to do the linear so we don't need to do the linear. Program program program then we avoid that scaling issue and then we avoid that scaling issue and. Then we avoid that scaling issue and then maybe we can do more we don't do then maybe we can do more we don't do. Then maybe we can do more we don't do the internal calculation we just accept the internal calculation we just accept. The internal calculation we just accept those prices maybe they're good maybe those prices maybe they're good maybe. Those prices maybe they're good maybe they're bad they're bad they're bad and that's the cost of not being in that. And that's the cost of not being in that and that's the cost of not being in that. Main list main list main list but that is a lot fairer than saying but that is a lot fairer than saying. But that is a lot fairer than saying like you're either in the list you're like you're either in the list you're. Like you're either in the list you're not nonetheless not nonetheless not nonetheless. I mean somebody has to do the linear I mean somebody has to do the linear I mean somebody has to do the linear. Program either way though program either way though program either way though right sure but. Right sure but right sure but I guess my argument would be if you I guess my argument would be if you. I guess my argument would be if you can't produce a solution can't produce a solution. Can't produce a solution you won't trade right but it's not necessarily people right but it's not necessarily people. Who want to trade who are who want to trade who are who want to trade who are producing the solution it's the people. Producing the solution it's the people producing the solution it's the people who have access to the order book. Who have access to the order book who have access to the order book because they're you know. Because they're you know because they're you know on you know on you know on you know. Validators in the network but like you could very much but like you could very much. Like bear with me for crazy ideas you like bear with me for crazy ideas you like bear with me for crazy ideas you. Could very much imagine running could very much imagine running could very much imagine running. You know like hey like you know we're you know like hey like you know we're you know like hey like you know we're. The people who like want the speed x to the people who like want the speed x to the people who like want the speed x to. Happen we run this web service happen we run this web service happen we run this web service. All your validator has to do is hit this all your validator has to do is hit this. All your validator has to do is hit this web service and we'll spit out the web service and we'll spit out the. Web service and we'll spit out the answer for you so that you don't have to answer for you so that you don't have to. Answer for you so that you don't have to actually do the computation well oh but actually do the computation well oh but. Actually do the computation well oh but the point is now it's not a sorry but is the point is now it's not a sorry but is. The point is now it's not a sorry but is that the valid or the end user is doing that the valid or the end user is doing. That the valid or the end user is doing is it like is there's a special is it like is there's a special. Is it like is there's a special operation type which is like speedx operation type which is like speedx. Operation type which is like speedx solution or it's like right so the point solution or it's like right so the point. Solution or it's like right so the point is like you were disempowering the end is like you were disempowering the end. Is like you were disempowering the end users if we're saying like now you're users if we're saying like now you're. Users if we're saying like now you're kind of like you're reliant on like kind of like you're reliant on like. Kind of like you're reliant on like whatever solver your whatever solver your . Whatever solver your your validator happens to be willing or your validator happens to be willing or. Your validator happens to be willing or not willing to to use not willing to to use. Not willing to to use but the flip side of it is like there's but the flip side of it is like there's. But the flip side of it is like there's 90 when I looked at this when we were 90 when I looked at this when we were. 90 when I looked at this when we were working on this in the working on this in the. Working on this in the early winter there were 89 000 and early winter there were 89 000 and. Early winter there were 89 000 and something assets on Stellar something assets on Stellar. Something assets on Stellar even if we broke it into even if we broke it into even if we broke it into. 100 groups of 90 to standard jeff's 100 100 groups of 90 to standard jeff's 100 100 groups of 90 to standard jeff's 100. Threshold we couldn't do all of that threshold we couldn't do all of that threshold we couldn't do all of that. In the same way like we couldn't give in the same way like we couldn't give in the same way like we couldn't give. Everybody the same level of attention everybody the same level of attention everybody the same level of attention. There's not enough time to do it well I there's not enough time to do it well I there's not enough time to do it well i. Think you just have to price it properly think you just have to price it properly. Think you just have to price it properly right I mean that you know we could have. Right I mean that you know we could have right I mean that you know we could have. You know a super linear you know a super linear you know a super linear you know we. you know we you know we reserve fee for like putting your asset reserve fee for like putting your asset. Reserve fee for like putting your asset into a speed x or something right it into a speed x or something right it. Into a speed x or something right it could like increase with the number of could like increase with the number of. Could like increase with the number of assets and speed exits I think you know assets and speed exits I think you know. Assets and speed exits I think you know i'd rather like take the actual costs we i'd rather like take the actual costs we. I'd rather like take the actual costs we have and reflect those back onto users have and reflect those back onto users. Have and reflect those back onto users and say like this is what it's going to and say like this is what it's going to. And say like this is what it's going to cost to network so like you have to be cost to network so like you have to be. Cost to network so like you have to be willing to pay for it rather than willing to pay for it rather than. Willing to pay for it rather than having validators make value judgments having validators make value judgments. Having validators make value judgments about like which assets are good and about like which assets are good and. About like which assets are good and which are bad which are bad which are bad I'm sorry you're so willing to have. I'm sorry you're so willing to have I'm sorry you're so willing to have that it would cost the issuer of the. That it would cost the issuer of the that it would cost the issuer of the asset would be the one that would bear. Asset would be the one that would bear asset would be the one that would bear the cost of being listed into a speedx. The cost of being listed into a speedx the cost of being listed into a speedx list not the cost but the reserve. List not the cost but the reserve list not the cost but the reserve requirement the reserve requirement. Requirement the reserve requirement requirement the reserve requirement potentially. And again I'm not saying that like you and again I'm not saying that like you know I do think that there are kind of. Know I do think that there are kind of know I do think that there are kind of spam assets in their assets that. Spam assets in their assets that spam assets in their assets that everybody cares about but. Everybody cares about but everybody cares about but I think that the va that we should kind. I think that the va that we should kind I think that the va that we should kind of instead of just magically decree the. Of instead of just magically decree the of instead of just magically decree the value of an asset we should have. Value of an asset we should have value of an asset we should have existing asset issuers say hey i. Existing asset issuers say hey I existing asset issuers say hey I actually value having a market between. Actually value having a market between actually value having a market between my asset and this other asset. My asset and this other asset my asset and this other asset right and that's the sense in which. Right and that's the sense in which right and that's the sense in which maybe you could end up with multiple. Maybe you could end up with multiple maybe you could end up with multiple speed x's like maybe there's a. Speed x's like maybe there's a speed x's like maybe there's a weird like in-game currency market for. Weird like in-game currency market for weird like in-game currency market for like a whole bunch of and then there's. Like a whole bunch of and then there's like a whole bunch of and then there's like an actual real currency of like. Like an actual real currency of like like an actual real currency of like stable coins or something. Stable coins or something stable coins or something and you know maybe those two markets. And you know maybe those two markets and you know maybe those two markets don't need to inter-operate or they only. Don't need to inter-operate or they only don't need to inter-operate or they only. Operate on the native asset or something operate on the native asset or something. Operate on the native asset or something and then the validators aren't don't we. And then the validators aren't don't we and then the validators aren't don't we don't have to be in a position of saying. Don't have to be in a position of saying don't have to be in a position of saying. Like actually we think like euros are like actually we think like euros are like actually we think like euros are. More important than like game credits or more important than like game credits or. More important than like game credits or whatever which like we might but like whatever which like we might but like. Whatever which like we might but like why why should we be making that value why why should we be making that value. Why why should we be making that value decision decision decision so so we could say like . So so we could say like so so we could say like each speed x batch has like an id or. Each speed x batch has like an id or each speed x batch has like an id or something. Something something and it's not the validators that and it's not the validators that. And it's not the validators that choose what's in that it's the asset choose what's in that it's the asset. Choose what's in that it's the asset issuers can like propose to put their issuers can like propose to put their. Issuers can like propose to put their asset into a batch and then if you put asset into a batch and then if you put. Asset into a batch and then if you put your asset into a batch then all the your asset into a batch then all the. Your asset into a batch then all the other asset issues were there other asset issues were there. Other asset issues were there like say yes or no or they have a like say yes or no or they have a. like say yes or no or they have a vote or something and basically the vote or something and basically the. Vote or something and basically the asset issuers are the ones choosing asset issuers are the ones choosing. Asset issuers are the ones choosing who's in the batch and not the who's in the batch and not the. Who's in the batch and not the validators validators validators yes I mean that is one way to do it. Yes I mean that is one way to do it yes I mean that is one way to do it another way to do it is sort of like. Another way to do it is sort of like another way to do it is sort of like each person who joins the batch it gets. Each person who joins the batch it gets each person who joins the batch it gets like exponentially more expensive and. Like exponentially more expensive and like exponentially more expensive and you need an exponentially larger like. You need an exponentially larger like you need an exponentially larger like reserve so it's like. Reserve so it's like reserve so it's like you know you can sort of out or maybe you know you can sort of out or maybe. You know you can sort of out or maybe you can outbid whoever it's whoever has you can outbid whoever it's whoever has. You can outbid whoever it's whoever has like the largest reserves who gets in or like the largest reserves who gets in or. Like the largest reserves who gets in or some combination of of the above I feel some combination of of the above I feel. Some combination of of the above I feel like we probably want some amount of like we probably want some amount of. Like we probably want some amount of input I mean what are the signals that input I mean what are the signals that. Input I mean what are the signals that are sort of are sort of are sort of like in some sense egalitarian at least. Like in some sense egalitarian at least like in some sense egalitarian at least kind of . Kind of kind of you know like a you know like a you know like a. Objectively egalitarian objectively egalitarian objectively egalitarian but like are potentially useful so. but like are potentially useful so but like are potentially useful so one signal is like does an asset issuer. One signal is like does an asset issuer one signal is like does an asset issuer value a market between his or her asset. Value a market between his or her asset value a market between his or her asset and some other asset and another signal. And some other asset and another signal and some other asset and another signal is like what is my. Is like what is my is like what is my how much how many native assets do I how much how many native assets do i. How much how many native assets do I have you know what do I do I meet a have you know what do I do I meet a. Have you know what do I do I meet a high reserve requirement high reserve requirement. High reserve requirement and so like if we could sort of factor and so like if we could sort of factor. And so like if we could sort of factor these two things in so the reserve these two things in so the reserve. These two things in so the reserve requirement is is an absolute thing and requirement is is an absolute thing and. Requirement is is an absolute thing and the whether one asset thinks another the whether one asset thinks another. The whether one asset thinks another one is interesting is a relative thing I think you still need some kind of. I think you still need some kind of veto power from the people who are veto power from the people who are. Veto power from the people who are already there it's just so well that's already there it's just so well that's. Already there it's just so well that's what I mean that's the first one that's what I mean that's the first one that's. What I mean that's the first one that's the relative thing that I'm talking the relative thing that I'm talking. The relative thing that I'm talking about I'm saying like what about I'm saying like what. About I'm saying like what I mean maybe it's a video or maybe it's I mean maybe it's a video or maybe it's. I mean maybe it's a video or maybe it's a preference a preference a preference I I'm going to avoid something that. I I'm going to avoid something that I I'm going to avoid something that tomer just also shared on slack which is. Tomer just also shared on slack which is tomer just also shared on slack which is. A concern with like creating too much a concern with like creating too much a concern with like creating too much. Complexity around these around how these complexity around these around how these. Complexity around these around how these configurations work that make it really configurations work that make it really. Configurations work that make it really hard for people to interact with Stellar hard for people to interact with Stellar. Hard for people to interact with Stellar just because there's too many just because there's too many. Just because there's too many it's just like it's just like it's just like issuers don't have to do this kind of. Issuers don't have to do this kind of issuers don't have to do this kind of thing anywhere else. Thing anywhere else thing anywhere else adding a lot a lot of complexity makes adding a lot a lot of complexity makes. Adding a lot a lot of complexity makes Stellar just less appealing for use Stellar just less appealing for use. Stellar just less appealing for use it's something I think that is worth it's something I think that is worth. It's something I think that is worth considering in this design yeah so I considering in this design yeah so I i. Considering in this design yeah so I mean and part of the way we can get mean and part of the way we can get. Mean and part of the way we can get around that is by having like really around that is by having like really. Around that is by having like really sensible defaults sensible defaults sensible defaults. Right but I feel like we should right but I feel like we should right but I feel like we should. We at least need some of these we need we at least need some of these we need we at least need some of these we need. To like to like to like work through some of these designs work through some of these designs. Work through some of these designs before we decide that they're like too. Before we decide that they're like too before we decide that they're like too comp complex or before we give up like. Comp complex or before we give up like comp complex or before we give up like this is just. This is just this is just there's too much there's too much there's too much . like I just don't want validators like I just don't want validators like I just don't want validators. Picking winners and losers you know picking winners and losers you know picking winners and losers you know. If we can at all avoid it so we need to if we can at all avoid it so we need to if we can at all avoid it so we need to. Either either either avoid that or convince ourselves that avoid that or convince ourselves that. Avoid that or convince ourselves that there's no way to avoid it and I just there's no way to avoid it and I just. There's no way to avoid it and I just don't think we're quite there yet don't think we're quite there yet. Don't think we're quite there yet and like and like and like this maybe different. This maybe different this maybe different related questions so like what was the related questions so like what was the. Related questions so like what was the the reason to the reason to the reason to like if you had a. Like if you had a like if you had a a limit a limit a limit right so that's what you're like the the. Right so that's what you're like the the right so that's what you're like the the. Only thing really there that you need only thing really there that you need only thing really there that you need. For sure is the for sure is the for sure is the maximum number of assets maximum number of assets. Maximum number of assets involved in this fedex run so involved in this fedex run so. involved in this fedex run so then what was what is was there any then what was what is was there any. Then what was what is was there any reason for not just using fees as a way reason for not just using fees as a way. Reason for not just using fees as a way to to to to force people to to just like to force people to to just like. To force people to to just like you know you you basically you know you you basically. You know you you basically only keep only keep only keep the top the the top the the top the. Top k top k top k assets assets assets right that are involving speed x and right that are involving speed x and. Right that are involving speed x and that is defined by fees that is defined by fees. That is defined by fees the reason that that doesn't work is the reason that that doesn't work is. The reason that that doesn't work is that you can imagine that you can imagine that you can imagine. That there are time like you can imagine that there are time like you can imagine. That there are time like you can imagine for example like a us government bond for example like a us government bond. For example like a us government bond take that it's like one of the most take that it's like one of the most. Take that it's like one of the most liquid markets for anything in the world liquid markets for anything in the world. Liquid markets for anything in the world probably like on the same par as like. Probably like on the same par as like probably like on the same par as like other at like other very ultra liquid. Other at like other very ultra liquid other at like other very ultra liquid things like usd euro. Things like usd euro things like usd euro but like those are like some ultra but like those are like some ultra. But like those are like some ultra liquid things but like I want to focus liquid things but like I want to focus. Liquid things but like I want to focus on the bonds because the prices don't on the bonds because the prices don't. On the bonds because the prices don't change all the time change all the time change all the time. like prices change but like if you like prices change but like if you like prices change but like if you. Look and then you look again one second look and then you look again one second look and then you look again one second. Later later later you might see the exact same prices you might see the exact same prices. You might see the exact same prices in fact you're probably pretty likely to in fact you're probably pretty likely to. In fact you're probably pretty likely to see the exact same prices in those cases. See the exact same prices in those cases see the exact same prices in those cases. There might be nobody who's willing to there might be nobody who's willing to there might be nobody who's willing to. Pay a fee to trade pay a fee to trade pay a fee to trade but there'd probably be an incredibly. But there'd probably be an incredibly but there'd probably be an incredibly liquid. Liquid liquid liquidity pool liquidity pool liquidity pool that also would be willing to trade to. That also would be willing to trade to that also would be willing to trade to help settle out all the other trades. Help settle out all the other trades help settle out all the other trades that people want to make. That people want to make that people want to make that liquidity pool isn't bidding any. That liquidity pool isn't bidding any that liquidity pool isn't bidding any fee fee. Fee so do you just say like oh sorry like so do you just say like oh sorry like so do you just say like oh sorry like. We're not going to include the most we're not going to include the most we're not going to include the most. Liquid market in the world liquid market in the world liquid market in the world because nobody wants to trade this exact. Because nobody wants to trade this exact because nobody wants to trade this exact. Second second second that seems really perverse to me right I that seems really perverse to me right i. That seems really perverse to me right I think what you want everybody think what you want everybody. Think what you want everybody what you want is for all the other what you want is for all the other. What you want is for all the other assets to say hey I want people to be assets to say hey I want people to be. Assets to say hey I want people to be able to like trade you know these able to like trade you know these. Able to like trade you know these treasuries or whatever from my asset treasuries or whatever from my asset. Treasuries or whatever from my asset because that's like it's a useful because that's like it's a useful. Because that's like it's a useful feature feature feature for users of my asset to have right. For users of my asset to have right for users of my asset to have right so that that's why. So that that's why so that that's why you need you need you need you need some amount of kind of. You need some amount of kind of you need some amount of kind of configuration you need some you need. Configuration you need some you need configuration you need some you need some kind of input from the asset. Some kind of input from the asset some kind of input from the asset issuers issuers. Issuers right we should at least consider a right we should at least consider a right we should at least consider a. Design that has some amount of input design that has some amount of input design that has some amount of input. From asset issuers from asset issuers from asset issuers I mean like I still don't understand. I mean like I still don't understand I mean like I still don't understand like you know in your example john. Like you know in your example john like you know in your example john yes you have this asset that is very. Yes you have this asset that is very yes you have this asset that is very stable and so on. Stable and so on stable and so on but like but like but like even if that asset is included in a pool. Even if that asset is included in a pool even if that asset is included in a pool. If people don't make money of if people don't make money of if people don't make money of. You know you know you know doing a trade against some other asset doing a trade against some other asset. Doing a trade against some other asset like like like if the if that trade is not that. If the if that trade is not that if the if that trade is not that valuable like how is such pricing. Valuable like how is such pricing valuable like how is such pricing going to work no it is valuable it's. Going to work no it is valuable it's going to work no it is valuable it's just not valuable to the asset issuer. Just not valuable to the asset issuer just not valuable to the asset issuer right imagine suppose you know the fed. Right imagine suppose you know the fed right imagine suppose you know the fed issues a digital dollar on on Stellar. Issues a digital dollar on on Stellar issues a digital dollar on on Stellar right. Right right I get it like it's more like like I get it like it's more like like. I get it like it's more like like like what I was suggesting is that you like what I was suggesting is that you. Like what I was suggesting is that you you the way you pick you the way you pick you the way you pick. The top 10 assets is by actually looking the top 10 assets is by actually looking. The top 10 assets is by actually looking at the trades that are happening at the trades that are happening. At the trades that are happening across you know the network across you know the network. Across you know the network because you have to have this function because you have to have this function. Because you have to have this function that you know which top k that you know which top k. That you know which top k top end transactions are you keeping for top end transactions are you keeping for. Top end transactions are you keeping for that speed x that speed x that speed x round and as part of that you can wait. Round and as part of that you can wait round and as part of that you can wait sorry is it for a round I thought this. Sorry is it for a round I thought this sorry is it for a round I thought this was a more coarse grained thing like we. Was a more coarse grained thing like we was a more coarse grained thing like we just kind of. Just kind of just kind of you know every once in a while we'll you know every once in a while we'll . You know every once in a while we'll configure a you know speed x to have configure a you know speed x to have. Configure a you know speed x to have a different set of assets I mean yeah it a different set of assets I mean yeah it. A different set of assets I mean yeah it should be a wrong I mean it's there's. Should be a wrong I mean it's there's should be a wrong I mean it's there's. A level of granite granularity there I a level of granite granularity there I a level of granite granularity there i. Don't know like but you know I mean if don't know like but you know I mean if don't know like but you know I mean if. We are going to do it find granularity we are going to do it find granularity we are going to do it find granularity. Then we should do it through some kind then we should do it through some kind then we should do it through some kind. Of transaction as opposed to through of transaction as opposed to through of transaction as opposed to through. Like a protocol upgrade or whatever the like a protocol upgrade or whatever the like a protocol upgrade or whatever the. Upgrade upgrade upgrade part of the nomination message of value if it's per asset issuer it should be a. If it's per asset issuer it should be a yeah transaction and not an upgrade I yeah transaction and not an upgrade i. Yeah transaction and not an upgrade I guess guess guess I think doing it to find grain is a. I think doing it to find grain is a I think doing it to find grain is a little dangerous just because . Little dangerous just because little dangerous just because there's gonna be a lot of assets that. There's gonna be a lot of assets that there's gonna be a lot of assets that are sporadically traded and so like. Are sporadically traded and so like are sporadically traded and so like if you try and like optimize like i. If you try and like optimize like I if you try and like optimize like I don't know some max over the transaction. Don't know some max over the transaction don't know some max over the transaction. Set assets are gonna be going in and set assets are gonna be going in and set assets are gonna be going in and. Out of the pool a lot and that's hard to out of the pool a lot and that's hard to. Out of the pool a lot and that's hard to predict for users and so usually kind. Predict for users and so usually kind predict for users and so usually kind. Of gonna get a lot of like really failed of gonna get a lot of like really failed. Of gonna get a lot of like really failed transactions which is a bad transactions which is a bad. Transactions which is a bad experience experience experience yeah the cap mentions that and I totally. Yeah the cap mentions that and I totally yeah the cap mentions that and I totally. Agree like I definitely wouldn't want a agree like I definitely wouldn't want a agree like I definitely wouldn't want a. World where that set changes every world where that set changes every world where that set changes every. Ledger that sounds like really ledger that sounds like really ledger that sounds like really. Impossible to use and everybody will impossible to use and everybody will impossible to use and everybody will. Just be really frustrated and hate it well at this point we are out of time well at this point we are out of time. For today's meeting I guess just jeff for today's meeting I guess just jeff. For today's meeting I guess just jeff and john do you sort of have and john do you sort of have. And john do you sort of have some input that allows you to go move some input that allows you to go move. Some input that allows you to go move forward I mean I know that we can bring forward I mean I know that we can bring. Forward I mean I know that we can bring this back to the mailing list too this back to the mailing list too. This back to the mailing list too is there any like final question that's is there any like final question that's. Is there any like final question that's like what what should happen what's the like what what should happen what's the. Like what what should happen what's the next step that we need to answer here next step that we need to answer here. Next step that we need to answer here are we ready to move are we ready to move are we ready to move. You sort of have enough you sort of have enough you sort of have enough I think it's pretty clear that people. I think it's pretty clear that people I think it's pretty clear that people want us to ask other questions about. Want us to ask other questions about want us to ask other questions about what could be done. What could be done what could be done like I have some pretty strong opinions. Like I have some pretty strong opinions like I have some pretty strong opinions about what what like why it should be. About what what like why it should be about what what like why it should be the way I proposed but like I'm really. The way I proposed but like I'm really the way I proposed but like I'm really happy to go and explore some other. Happy to go and explore some other happy to go and explore some other things and try to write up what they. Things and try to write up what they things and try to write up what they would be like and like what pitfalls we. Would be like and like what pitfalls we would be like and like what pitfalls we might encounter it'd probably be kind of. Might encounter it'd probably be kind of might encounter it'd probably be kind of. Fun honestly so I kind of know what I fun honestly so I kind of know what I fun honestly so I kind of know what i. Need to do need to do need to do jeff you feel the same yeah I agree jeff you feel the same yeah I agree. jeff you feel the same yeah I agree with that yeah with that yeah with that yeah. Well I mean I think I think maybe it's well I mean I think I think maybe it's well I mean I think I think maybe it's. Like for me it's like that like for me it's like that like for me it's like that there are some questions here that I'm. There are some questions here that I'm there are some questions here that I'm not sure we can answer without actually. Not sure we can answer without actually not sure we can answer without actually having. Having having like like like how do you actually produce the how do you actually produce the. How do you actually produce the denomination value like like if if I denomination value like like if if i. Denomination value like like if if I don't have a clear idea of like don't have a clear idea of like. Don't have a clear idea of like how do we pick which transactions to be how do we pick which transactions to be. How do we pick which transactions to be included you know like based on fees like it. You know like based on fees like it sounds like some of the properties sounds like some of the properties. Sounds like some of the properties you're looking for actually you're looking for actually. You're looking for actually you're looking for a more balanced like composition as opposed to. Like composition as opposed to just high fees just high fees just high fees and I'm not sure are you talking. and I'm not sure are you talking and I'm not sure are you talking about me or about david. About me or about david about me or about david no no no about you yeah john about you yeah john. About you yeah john I I'm looking for whatever whatever I I'm looking for whatever whatever. I I'm looking for whatever whatever simple thing we can do that people can simple thing we can do that people can. Simple thing we can do that people can agree on agree on agree on like that's why I just gave it to the. Like that's why I just gave it to the like that's why I just gave it to the validators because I thought we'd be. Validators because I thought we'd be validators because I thought we'd be able to agree on that and they could. Able to agree on that and they could able to agree on that and they could agree and figure out what what is good. Agree and figure out what what is good agree and figure out what what is good for the network. For the network for the network that's what like when lee posted on the that's what like when lee posted on the. That's what like when lee posted on the mailing list mailing list mailing list and about like other things we could do. And about like other things we could do and about like other things we could do and my response was basically like you'd. And my response was basically like you'd and my response was basically like you'd. Have to convince me that a heuristic have to convince me that a heuristic have to convince me that a heuristic. Would outperform the validators who care would outperform the validators who care. Would outperform the validators who care about stewarding the network about stewarding the network. About stewarding the network assuming that we are actually assuming that we are actually. assuming that we are actually restricting like a small number of speed restricting like a small number of speed. Restricting like a small number of speed x assets in a world like david's where x assets in a world like david's where. X assets in a world like david's where we have multiple sets maybe and we're we have multiple sets maybe and we're. We have multiple sets maybe and we're expanding the capacity by like breaking expanding the capacity by like breaking. Expanding the capacity by like breaking them up maybe it's a different trade-off them up maybe it's a different trade-off. Them up maybe it's a different trade-off but like if we're going to look at a but like if we're going to look at a. But like if we're going to look at a single block you'd have to convince me single block you'd have to convince me. Single block you'd have to convince me that like the heuristic could outperform that like the heuristic could outperform. That like the heuristic could outperform the validators who just want to do the validators who just want to do. The validators who just want to do what's good for the network what's good for the network. What's good for the network I mean the other question is would it I mean the other question is would it. I mean the other question is would it make sense to have two tiers like you make sense to have two tiers like you. Make sense to have two tiers like you you'd have like the core speedx assets you'd have like the core speedx assets. You'd have like the core speedx assets and then other assets that can be traded and then other assets that can be traded. And then other assets that can be traded for any of the 20 core speedx assets but. For any of the 20 core speedx assets but for any of the 20 core speedx assets but. But it's not making a market between any but it's not making a market between any. But it's not making a market between any of the like a pair of non-core assets of the like a pair of non-core assets. Of the like a pair of non-core assets shmedex has assets shmedex and speedx sorry. Sorry we've exhausted justin he's trying to we've exhausted justin he's trying to. We've exhausted justin he's trying to kick us out and kick us out and kick us out and. All right look to be continued all right look to be continued all right look to be continued. [Laughter] [Laughter] [Laughter] thanks everybody yeah to be continued thanks everybody yeah to be continued. Thanks everybody yeah to be continued seeing a couple weeks and on the mailing. Seeing a couple weeks and on the mailing seeing a couple weeks and on the mailing. List again everybody out there thanks list again everybody out there thanks list again everybody out there thanks. For watching for watching for watching if you're interested join the Stellar if you're interested join the Stellar. If you're interested join the Stellar dev mailing list to participate in the dev mailing list to participate in the. Dev mailing list to participate in the discussion as it unfolds.
