Hello everyone welcome to this week's hello everyone welcome to this week's protocol meeting uh we have a couple. Protocol meeting uh we have a couple protocol meeting uh we have a couple caps to discuss today uh and I'll start. Caps to discuss today uh and I'll start caps to discuss today uh and I'll start by presenting cap. By presenting cap by presenting cap 67 I'll share the link here so uh this cap is about emitting. Here so uh this cap is about emitting events in Stellar in the same format events in Stellar in the same format. Events in Stellar in the same format that we see in sorine for Stellar assets that we see in sorine for Stellar assets. That we see in sorine for Stellar assets so that a user can use the stream of so that a user can use the stream of. So that a user can use the stream of events track events track events track balances and this cap covers three. Balances and this cap covers three balances and this cap covers three separate High higher level changes uh. Separate High higher level changes uh separate High higher level changes uh they're listed in the abstract of the. They're listed in the abstract of the they're listed in the abstract of the cap and I'll first go over the uh the. Cap and I'll first go over the uh the cap and I'll first go over the uh the two smaller changes that make some. Two smaller changes that make some two smaller changes that make some semantic fixes to the seller asset. Semantic fixes to the seller asset semantic fixes to the seller asset contract events for compatibility with. Contract events for compatibility with contract events for compatibility with set 41 which is the token interface. Set 41 which is the token interface set 41 which is the token interface Set uh so the first is that we're going. Set uh so the first is that we're going Set uh so the first is that we're going to stop emitting uh the admin uh the. To stop emitting uh the admin uh the to stop emitting uh the admin uh the admin on the mint and clawback events uh. Admin on the mint and clawback events uh admin on the mint and clawback events uh. The admin is an implementation detail of the admin is an implementation detail of. The admin is an implementation detail of the the the sa uh and does not belong in the event. Sa uh and does not belong in the event sa uh and does not belong in the event the admin doesn't even exist in sub 41. The admin doesn't even exist in sub 41 the admin doesn't even exist in sub 41 as a concept. As a concept as a concept uh the second change is that we're going uh the second change is that we're going. Uh the second change is that we're going to update an edge case with regards to to update an edge case with regards to. To update an edge case with regards to transfers to and from an issuer uh the transfers to and from an issuer uh the. Transfers to and from an issuer uh the sa was written in a way that matched sa was written in a way that matched. Sa was written in a way that matched classic payment semantics uh where a classic payment semantics uh where a. Classic payment semantics uh where a transfer from an issuer Min the asset transfer from an issuer Min the asset. Transfer from an issuer Min the asset and a transfer to an issuer burns the and a transfer to an issuer burns the. And a transfer to an issuer burns the asset the issue is that in these two asset the issue is that in these two. Asset the issue is that in these two scenarios we still emit a transfer event scenarios we still emit a transfer event. Scenarios we still emit a transfer event instead of the appropriate Mint or burn instead of the appropriate Mint or burn. Instead of the appropriate Mint or burn event uh so this cap just proposes event uh so this cap just proposes. Event uh so this cap just proposes fixing that to Mint the the mint the fixing that to Mint the the mint the. Fixing that to Mint the the mint the correct Mint or burn event instead of correct Mint or burn event instead of. Correct Mint or burn event instead of the transfer the transfer the transfer prevent uh so I'll pause there real. Prevent uh so I'll pause there real prevent uh so I'll pause there real quick if there are any questions about. Quick if there are any questions about quick if there are any questions about those two changes before I move on to. Those two changes before I move on to those two changes before I move on to the uh the bigger change at. Hand all right then I'll move on to the hand all right then I'll move on to the third and most significant change of. Third and most significant change of third and most significant change of this cap which is emitting an event in. This cap which is emitting an event in this cap which is emitting an event in the same format as the Stellar asset. The same format as the Stellar asset the same format as the Stellar asset contract for any asset. Contract for any asset contract for any asset movement um and this means that a a. Movement um and this means that a a movement um and this means that a a stellar operation that results in the. Stellar operation that results in the stellar operation that results in the movement of an asset can emit. Movement of an asset can emit movement of an asset can emit uh a transfer mint burn or clawback. Uh a transfer mint burn or clawback uh a transfer mint burn or clawback event uh and we're also adding a fee. Event uh and we're also adding a fee event uh and we're also adding a fee event to represent the fee paid by by. Event to represent the fee paid by by event to represent the fee paid by by The Source count so the the cap. The Source count so the the cap The Source count so the the cap specifies what what the uh events for. Specifies what what the uh events for specifies what what the uh events for each operation will look like but I'll. Each operation will look like but I'll each operation will look like but I'll just mention some interesting points so. Just mention some interesting points so just mention some interesting points so a trade that occurs through either. A trade that occurs through either a trade that occurs through either through an offer operation or path. Through an offer operation or path through an offer operation or path payment operation will result in two. Payment operation will result in two payment operation will result in two events one for each side of the trade uh. Events one for each side of the trade uh events one for each side of the trade uh. And the two parties on both events will and the two parties on both events will and the two parties on both events will. Be the source account of the operation be the source account of the operation be the source account of the operation. And the owner of the and the owner of the and the owner of the offer uh and it's and these these events. Offer uh and it's and these these events offer uh and it's and these these events. Can be transfer events but they can also can be transfer events but they can also. Can be transfer events but they can also be instead be a mint or burn if the be instead be a mint or burn if the. Be instead be a mint or burn if the issuer is issuer is issuer is involved we're also adding uh new SD. Involved we're also adding uh new SD involved we're also adding uh new SD address types to be able to represent. Address types to be able to represent address types to be able to represent the claimable balances and liquidity. The claimable balances and liquidity the claimable balances and liquidity pools as from or two addresses in these. Pools as from or two addresses in these pools as from or two addresses in these events and this allows us to represent. Events and this allows us to represent events and this allows us to represent movements to and from these entries. Yeah so uh silence asked uh can you yeah so uh silence asked uh can you explain removing the admin from the sa. Explain removing the admin from the sa explain removing the admin from the sa mint and Clack events So currently on. Mint and Clack events So currently on mint and Clack events So currently on the mint and Clack events of the sa not. The mint and Clack events of the sa not the mint and Clack events of the sa not not in set. Not in set not in set 41 uh the admin is uh one of is is one 41 uh the admin is uh one of is is one. 41 uh the admin is uh one of is is one of the topics of the event but this is of the topics of the event but this is. Of the topics of the event but this is uh this isn't necessary and the concept uh this isn't necessary and the concept. Uh this isn't necessary and the concept of an admin is not required for uh a of an admin is not required for uh a. Of an admin is not required for uh a token exactly yeah it's not it's not token exactly yeah it's not it's not. Token exactly yeah it's not it's not we're not removing the admin from the sa we're not removing the admin from the sa. We're not removing the admin from the sa uh just it just says the topic we're uh just it just says the topic we're. Uh just it just says the topic we're removing it from the the topic of the removing it from the the topic of the. Removing it from the the topic of the event all right uh so yeah we're also in event all right uh so yeah we're also in. Event all right uh so yeah we're also in addition to those two new address types addition to those two new address types. Addition to those two new address types uh for clal balances and liquidity pools uh for clal balances and liquidity pools. Uh for clal balances and liquidity pools we're also adding another SC address we're also adding another SC address. We're also adding another SC address type for MX accounts so that these new type for MX accounts so that these new. Type for MX accounts so that these new events can pass along the MX information events can pass along the MX information. Events can pass along the MX information that the MX account is used in the that the MX account is used in the. That the MX account is used in the operation or operation or operation or transaction uh it's also another thing. Transaction uh it's also another thing transaction uh it's also another thing to sh. Sh screens so I'm I'm actually not screens so I'm I'm actually not screens so I'm I'm actually not. Presenting this in the order that it uh presenting this in the order that it uh presenting this in the order that it uh. Like it shows up in the cap this is just like it shows up in the cap this is just. Like it shows up in the cap this is just uh some points I thought were uh some points I thought were. Uh some points I thought were interesting but if you look at cap interesting but if you look at cap. Interesting but if you look at cap 67 uh these points should be listed 67 uh these points should be listed. 67 uh these points should be listed there at a at a with more detail uh then yeah so yeah so I wanted. Detail uh then yeah so yeah so I wanted to mention that these new events will to mention that these new events will. To mention that these new events will not be Into The Ledger therefore will not be Into The Ledger therefore will. Not be Into The Ledger therefore will not be part of the protocol and uh we not be part of the protocol and uh we. Not be part of the protocol and uh we also will emit the emit these events also will emit the emit these events. Also will emit the emit these events from Genesis if you replay from Genesis from Genesis if you replay from Genesis. From Genesis if you replay from Genesis and something to keep in mind here is and something to keep in mind here is. And something to keep in mind here is that there was a bug in a very old that there was a bug in a very old. That there was a bug in a very old protocol version where xlm was minted protocol version where xlm was minted. Protocol version where xlm was minted and burned uh and we will admit events and burned uh and we will admit events. And burned uh and we will admit events uh that will allow you to reconcile uh that will allow you to reconcile. Uh that will allow you to reconcile those Balan those Balan those Balan changes and finally we will be reworking. Changes and finally we will be reworking changes and finally we will be reworking. The format of TX meta with the the format of TX meta with the the format of TX meta with the. Transaction meta V4 that generalizes the transaction meta V4 that generalizes the. Transaction meta V4 that generalizes the events and separates them by operation events and separates them by operation. Events and separates them by operation previously the events were for uh previously the events were for uh. Previously the events were for uh formatted in a way where was very formatted in a way where was very. Formatted in a way where was very specific to sorban and the fact that specific to sorban and the fact that. Specific to sorban and the fact that sorban only has for a single sbon sorban only has for a single sbon. Sorban only has for a single sbon transaction there's only one operation transaction there's only one operation. Transaction there's only one operation but the transaction meta V4 generalizes but the transaction meta V4 generalizes. But the transaction meta V4 generalizes that and the plan is to provide a config that and the plan is to provide a config. That and the plan is to provide a config flag that enables the emission of this flag that enables the emission of this. Flag that enables the emission of this new uh meta format uh okay so let me look at some of. Format uh okay so let me look at some of these questions so will this resolve the issue with a. So will this resolve the issue with a locked issuer sa having an admin Sil can locked issuer sa having an admin Sil can. Locked issuer sa having an admin Sil can do things the issuer lock no so I think what you're sounds I. Lock no so I think what you're sounds I think what you're asking is if you think what you're asking is if you. Think what you're asking is if you change the admin uh and you lock the change the admin uh and you lock the. Change the admin uh and you lock the issuer the ad okay ignore that yeah they issuer the ad okay ignore that yeah they. Issuer the ad okay ignore that yeah they the admin can still do whatever it wants. The admin can still do whatever it wants the admin can still do whatever it wants. To to to uh what else does back filling mean that uh what else does back filling mean that. Uh what else does back filling mean that replaying with these new events enabled replaying with these new events enabled. Replaying with these new events enabled will emit meta4 for all ledgers rather will emit meta4 for all ledgers rather. Will emit meta4 for all ledgers rather than just post 23 yeah that is the goal than just post 23 yeah that is the goal. Than just post 23 yeah that is the goal uh and we and that should work I we we uh and we and that should work I we we. Uh and we and that should work I we we probably have some stuff to work through probably have some stuff to work through. Probably have some stuff to work through there but if we want to admit these there but if we want to admit these. There but if we want to admit these events from uh the beginning then it has events from uh the beginning then it has. Events from uh the beginning then it has to be meta V4 so MX addresses and memo so yeah one one. So MX addresses and memo so yeah one one of the issues is so the cap addresses of the issues is so the cap addresses. Of the issues is so the cap addresses the M uh partially by forwarding the M the M uh partially by forwarding the M. The M uh partially by forwarding the M addresses into the events but there is addresses into the events but there is. Addresses into the events but there is uh another question about uh another question about. Uh another question about memos uh that I'll link this discussion memos uh that I'll link this discussion. Memos uh that I'll link this discussion topic topic topic [Music] [Music] [Music]. From from from from from from Nico it's relevant and at a high relevant and at a high. Level uh this this amounts to level uh this this amounts to level uh this this amounts to. Considering a solution where you can considering a solution where you can considering a solution where you can. Group uh an arbitrary memo with a with a group uh an arbitrary memo with a with a. Group uh an arbitrary memo with a with a group of trans uh events this will allow. Group of trans uh events this will allow group of trans uh events this will allow. You to you know solve some issues we've you to you know solve some issues we've you to you know solve some issues we've. Had with uh in the past with regards to had with uh in the past with regards to had with uh in the past with regards to. The design of memos um but that uh but the design of memos um but that uh but the design of memos um but that uh but. Yeah I don't know if Lee if you want to yeah I don't know if Lee if you want to yeah I don't know if Lee if you want to. Discuss this a little bit more that's discuss this a little bit more that's discuss this a little bit more that's. Something this concept is something we something this concept is something we something this concept is something we. Still have to discuss yeah good um yeah so yeah NCO discuss yeah good um yeah so yeah NCO. May want to he he this is sort of I feel may want to he he this is sort of I feel. May want to he he this is sort of I feel like his idea so he may want like his idea so he may want. Like his idea so he may want to speak to this as well um but there to speak to this as well um but there. To speak to this as well um but there you know we have the separate we have you know we have the separate we have. You know we have the separate we have another cap cap 64 that we're not another cap cap 64 that we're not. Another cap cap 64 that we're not actually discussing today um that's actually discussing today um that's. Actually discussing today um that's um doing some things with MOS it's um doing some things with MOS it's. Um doing some things with MOS it's touching MOS and where they show up touching MOS and where they show up. Touching MOS and where they show up where they will show up in where they will show up in. Where they will show up in tooling uh and uh you know making it tooling uh and uh you know making it. Tooling uh and uh you know making it possible possible possible to do a soran transaction. To do a soran transaction to do a soran transaction um with a memo and have that safely. Um with a memo and have that safely um with a memo and have that safely included in the signature so that's cap. Included in the signature so that's cap included in the signature so that's cap 64 and something that niik was bringing. 64 and something that niik was bringing 64 and something that niik was bringing up with this cap is that you know right. Up with this cap is that you know right up with this cap is that you know right now we're in this moment where we're. Now we're in this moment where we're now we're in this moment where we're making some significant changes to. Making some significant changes to making some significant changes to events or we're doing a lot of work. Events or we're doing a lot of work events or we're doing a lot of work around events and doesn't make sense you. Around events and doesn't make sense you around events and doesn't make sense you. Know we have to sort of um we we sort of know we have to sort of um we we sort of. Know we have to sort of um we we sort of have to get close to Memos because we've. Have to get close to Memos because we've have to get close to Memos because we've. Got this issue with moer dresses and you got this issue with moer dresses and you. Got this issue with moer dresses and you know right now cup know right now cup know right now cup. 67 um 67 um 67 um in a very non-controversial way is just in a very non-controversial way is just. In a very non-controversial way is just suggesting that these events now might suggesting that these events now might. Suggesting that these events now might contain addresses that are MX addresses contain addresses that are MX addresses. Contain addresses that are MX addresses so we're just going to pass it through so we're just going to pass it through. So we're just going to pass it through so if you do a payment so if you do a payment. So if you do a payment operation um that's got a destination of operation um that's got a destination of. Operation um that's got a destination of a Max address uh that address field in a Max address uh that address field in. A Max address uh that address field in the San event could be a MX address it the San event could be a MX address it. The San event could be a MX address it could be an M address instead of a g could be an M address instead of a g. Could be an M address instead of a g address or a c address and I I think address or a c address and I I think. Address or a c address and I I think that is like very not noncontroversial that is like very not noncontroversial. That is like very not noncontroversial um it's sort of like straight line what um it's sort of like straight line what. Um it's sort of like straight line what we I guess we would sort of expect the we I guess we would sort of expect the. We I guess we would sort of expect the cap to do in the situation um but there cap to do in the situation um but there. Cap to do in the situation um but there is this we have this history where you is this we have this history where you. Is this we have this history where you know once upon a time there was memos know once upon a time there was memos. Know once upon a time there was memos then there were M addresses um right now then there were M addresses um right now. Then there were M addresses um right now the ecosystem is pretty um there's you the ecosystem is pretty um there's you. The ecosystem is pretty um there's you know both get used in the ecosystem so know both get used in the ecosystem so. Know both get used in the ecosystem so both getting used by both getting used by both getting used by. Exchanges um and but when you look at exchanges um and but when you look at exchanges um and but when you look at. The data the data tells a somewhat the data the data tells a somewhat the data the data tells a somewhat. Confusing story because this is memo confusing story because this is memo confusing story because this is memo. Field there's this MOX address they can field there's this MOX address they can field there's this MOX address they can. Be in the destination you know be in the destination you know be in the destination you know. Technically sources can also be technically sources can also be technically sources can also be. Addresses um and nik's Nik was sort of addresses um and nik's Nik was sort of addresses um and nik's Nik was sort of. Suggest I don't know if I don't know if suggest I don't know if I don't know if suggest I don't know if I don't know if. This was actually a proposal but he was this was actually a proposal but he was this was actually a proposal but he was. Suggesting like do we do something more suggesting like do we do something more suggesting like do we do something more. Here do we do we make these events in here do we do we make these events in here do we do we make these events in. This moment more opinionated about what this moment more opinionated about what this moment more opinionated about what. The memo for this event is um and you the memo for this event is um and you the memo for this event is um and you. Know do we do something like if there's know do we do something like if there's know do we do something like if there's. A transaction memo this event has a memo a transaction memo this event has a memo. A transaction memo this event has a memo um is or if there's a destination of a m. Um is or if there's a destination of a m um is or if there's a destination of a m. Address do we pull the memo out of the address do we pull the memo out of the address do we pull the memo out of the. Address and we say well actually that's address and we say well actually that's address and we say well actually that's. The memo for this the memo for this the memo for this event to some degree like the ecosystem. Event to some degree like the ecosystem event to some degree like the ecosystem has to do this somewhere and you know. Has to do this somewhere and you know has to do this somewhere and you know right now it has to do this Downstream. Right now it has to do this Downstream right now it has to do this Downstream ecosystem tooling uh has to make a. Ecosystem tooling uh has to make a ecosystem tooling uh has to make a decision about where these events come. Decision about where these events come decision about where these events come from um and in the future uh like you. From um and in the future uh like you from um and in the future uh like you know right now memo memos there's like. Know right now memo memos there's like know right now memo memos there's like MX addresses are only a classic thing. MX addresses are only a classic thing MX addresses are only a classic thing memos only occur at the transaction. Memos only occur at the transaction memos only occur at the transaction level um in cap 64 but. Level um in cap 64 but level um in cap 64 but in the future uh like how do you attach. In the future uh like how do you attach in the future uh like how do you attach memos to like other groupings or. Memos to like other groupings or memos to like other groupings or transfers if there's you know transfers. Transfers if there's you know transfers transfers if there's you know transfers being bundled together um yeah sorry I'm. Being bundled together um yeah sorry I'm being bundled together um yeah sorry I'm. Not sure I'm actually doing a great job not sure I'm actually doing a great job not sure I'm actually doing a great job. Of summarizing this there's like a lot of summarizing this there's like a lot of summarizing this there's like a lot. Um yeah yeah it's definitely uh something yeah yeah it's definitely uh something that still needs to be thought through. That still needs to be thought through that still needs to be thought through but I guess the question is uh should we. But I guess the question is uh should we but I guess the question is uh should we. Explore yeah addressing that issue in explore yeah addressing that issue in explore yeah addressing that issue in. Cap 67 it sounds like we should at least cap 67 it sounds like we should at least. Cap 67 it sounds like we should at least at a high level I think I think we at a high level I think I think we. At a high level I think I think we should and I think what nio just posted should and I think what nio just posted. Should and I think what nio just posted in the in the chat is a really succinct in the in the chat is a really succinct. In the in the chat is a really succinct way of for the why we should consider it way of for the why we should consider it. Way of for the why we should consider it now and that is that you know cap 64 is now and that is that you know cap 64 is. Now and that is that you know cap 64 is forcing the memo to be exposed in down forcing the memo to be exposed in down. Forcing the memo to be exposed in down TR systems for San events and so it TR systems for San events and so it. TR systems for San events and so it makes sense since this cap is very makes sense since this cap is very. Makes sense since this cap is very focused on that consistency between focused on that consistency between. Focused on that consistency between classic and sorban and fixing it across classic and sorban and fixing it across. Classic and sorban and fixing it across those two dimensions of you know San those two dimensions of you know San. Those two dimensions of you know San versus classic sack versus set 41 um it versus classic sack versus set 41 um it. Versus classic sack versus set 41 um it makes sense to discuss makes sense to discuss. Makes sense to discuss now yeah makes sense okay orbit asked now yeah makes sense okay orbit asked. Now yeah makes sense okay orbit asked this question uh why did we decide to this question uh why did we decide to. This question uh why did we decide to extend the meta with the vents if these extend the meta with the vents if these. Extend the meta with the vents if these events can be commuted dynamically from events can be commuted dynamically from. Events can be commuted dynamically from the existing meta seems like redundant the existing meta seems like redundant. The existing meta seems like redundant data in the meta and this is something data in the meta and this is something. Data in the meta and this is something we actually we actually we actually discussed uh internally I believe George. Discussed uh internally I believe George discussed uh internally I believe George. Actually mentioned the same single actually mentioned the same single actually mentioned the same single. Source of Tru truth rather than risking source of Tru truth rather than risking source of Tru truth rather than risking. Bugs Downstream renting the wheel and bugs Downstream renting the wheel and bugs Downstream renting the wheel and. Dynamic compute also Lee do you have I dynamic compute also Lee do you have I dynamic compute also Lee do you have I. Say you mut yourself do you want to say you mut yourself do you want to say you mut yourself do you want to. Address this yeah I can I can speak to address this yeah I can I can speak to address this yeah I can I can speak to. This um the a large part of this is that this um the a large part of this is that. This um the a large part of this is that you know when we look at um the tooling you know when we look at um the tooling. You know when we look at um the tooling that we have today so we have a horizon that we have today so we have a horizon. That we have today so we have a horizon which takes a lot of What's um in the which takes a lot of What's um in the. Which takes a lot of What's um in the mattera today and creates this data mattera today and creates this data. Mattera today and creates this data model for people to consume um this new model for people to consume um this new. Model for people to consume um this new data model for people consume and then data model for people consume and then. Data model for people consume and then St RPC was designed um with a different St RPC was designed um with a different. St RPC was designed um with a different approach where the Stellar IPC really approach where the Stellar IPC really. Approach where the Stellar IPC really exposes the raw network data um and exposes the raw network data um and. Exposes the raw network data um and tries to introduce as little as possible tries to introduce as little as possible. Tries to introduce as little as possible in terms of its own data model on top of. In terms of its own data model on top of in terms of its own data model on top of. That and one of the reasons that Stell that and one of the reasons that Stell that and one of the reasons that Stell. IPC was designed that way is that um you IPC was designed that way is that um you. IPC was designed that way is that um you can go to uh you know you can take can go to uh you know you can take. Can go to uh you know you can take contract events that have come out of contract events that have come out of. Contract events that have come out of star RPC and they look the same way as star RPC and they look the same way as. Star RPC and they look the same way as if you go and take meta out of core or if you go and take meta out of core or. If you go and take meta out of core or if you use G Galaxy um to you know if you use G Galaxy um to you know. If you use G Galaxy um to you know generate a data Lake of meta like the generate a data Lake of meta like the. Generate a data Lake of meta like the events look the same way in all these events look the same way in all these. Events look the same way in all these different places except if you go to different places except if you go to. Different places except if you go to Horizon you know Horizon has its own Horizon you know Horizon has its own. Horizon you know Horizon has its own data model and it has that effects data data model and it has that effects data. Data model and it has that effects data model um which model um which model um which. Is you know very different so um the is you know very different so um the is you know very different so um the. Idea between the ibr like how like why idea between the ibr like how like why idea between the ibr like how like why. Bring these events to Classic and the bring these events to Classic and the bring these events to Classic and the. The the Stellar asset contract and the the the Stellar asset contract and the the the Stellar asset contract and the. CL operations is to create this like one CL operations is to create this like one. CL operations is to create this like one unified view that appears everywhere unified view that appears everywhere. Unified view that appears everywhere that um looks the same everywhere that that um looks the same everywhere that. That um looks the same everywhere that that the data occurs okay I hopefully that answers. Occurs okay I hopefully that answers that question but if not let us that question but if not let us. That question but if not let us know um I think Lee you mentioned know um I think Lee you mentioned. Know um I think Lee you mentioned another thing about uh another question another thing about uh another question. Another thing about uh another question about asset names on the on the the about asset names on the on the the. About asset names on the on the the topic of the events right uh because the topic of the events right uh because the. Topic of the events right uh because the currently go ahead maybe before we move currently go ahead maybe before we move. Currently go ahead maybe before we move on it does sound like orbit has some on it does sound like orbit has some. On it does sound like orbit has some things I'm Orit do you want to um do you things I'm Orit do you want to um do you. Things I'm Orit do you want to um do you want to speak to yeah hello everyone um just wanted to. To yeah hello everyone um just wanted to add my two Sense on this uh we've been add my two Sense on this uh we've been. Add my two Sense on this uh we've been successfully reconstructing everything successfully reconstructing everything. Successfully reconstructing everything from uh uh transaction meta xdr on the from uh uh transaction meta xdr on the. From uh uh transaction meta xdr on the client side client side client side basically our inje pipeline in Stell. Basically our inje pipeline in Stell basically our inje pipeline in Stell expert is built on top of the. Expert is built on top of the expert is built on top of the library um that we built uh specifically. Library um that we built uh specifically library um that we built uh specifically. For this purpose um and we had a for this purpose um and we had a for this purpose um and we had a. Conversation with the Horizon team conversation with the Horizon team conversation with the Horizon team. Before like several years ago I think uh before like several years ago I think uh. Before like several years ago I think uh where I proposed to where I proposed to where I proposed to. Actually remove all this excessive data actually remove all this excessive data actually remove all this excessive data. Tables like uh effects and everything tables like uh effects and everything tables like uh effects and everything. Like this because uh all of it can be like this because uh all of it can be like this because uh all of it can be. Reconstructed on the client reconstructed on the client reconstructed on the client. Side of course uh there are very side of course uh there are very side of course uh there are very. Specific um issues uh like uh the memo specific um issues uh like uh the memo specific um issues uh like uh the memo. Case lay covered before that case lay covered before that case lay covered before that. Uh um but maybe we can just uh um but maybe we can just uh um but maybe we can just. Um like conduct some research on it and um like conduct some research on it and um like conduct some research on it and. Uh uh uh maybe the Parson Library we already have maybe the Parson Library we already have. Maybe the Parson Library we already have and which have been tested uh for years and which have been tested uh for years. And which have been tested uh for years and which works with classic and and which works with classic and. And which works with classic and San uh maybe it's enough because on the San uh maybe it's enough because on the. San uh maybe it's enough because on the client side people can just use it client side people can just use it. Client side people can just use it directly in JavaScript to parse the directly in JavaScript to parse the. Directly in JavaScript to parse the response they receive from response they receive from. Response they receive from DC DC DC um Horizon now doesn't support um Horizon now doesn't support. Um Horizon now doesn't support transaction meta so it's transaction meta so it's transaction meta so it's. Probably case when we cannot use it probably case when we cannot use it probably case when we cannot use it. Directly but uh at least from RPC it has directly but uh at least from RPC it has. Directly but uh at least from RPC it has uh zero problems is Parson looks like George has something. Parson looks like George has something to say but I can't bring him up on stage there oh okay yeah I I actually. Stage there oh okay yeah I I actually didn't have anything to say uh I think didn't have anything to say uh I think. Didn't have anything to say uh I think it's a I think or makes a good point um it's a I think or makes a good point um. It's a I think or makes a good point um but I do think that a unified event but I do think that a unified event. But I do think that a unified event stream um is better for uh like your stream um is better for uh like your. Stream um is better for uh like your average dap developer um even though we average dap developer um even though we. Average dap developer um even though we can do all the indexing on the Fly it's can do all the indexing on the Fly it's. Can do all the indexing on the Fly it's probably more catered towards like probably more catered towards like. Probably more catered towards like infrastructure uh providers like Stellar infrastructure uh providers like Stellar. Infrastructure uh providers like Stellar expert and expert and expert and Horizon so this is still going to have. Horizon so this is still going to have Horizon so this is still going to have value for people who are just. Value for people who are just value for people who are just interacting with RPC directly I mean we've been using it to. Directly I mean we've been using it to actually display transactions uh in actually display transactions uh in. Actually display transactions uh in Sellar Sellar Sellar expert be wallet uh uh reflector. Expert be wallet uh uh reflector expert be wallet uh uh reflector refractor refractor. Refractor everywhere uh I'd say it's a universal everywhere uh I'd say it's a universal. Everywhere uh I'd say it's a universal approach that can be used everywhere I'm approach that can be used everywhere I'm. Approach that can be used everywhere I'm not insisting on it it just seems to me not insisting on it it just seems to me. Not insisting on it it just seems to me that um transaction meta will be even that um transaction meta will be even. That um transaction meta will be even larger after that larger after that larger after that. And it might have some uh duplicated and it might have some uh duplicated and it might have some uh duplicated. Data because of uh of this can you hear me can you hear me well yeah I can hear you yeah okay great. Well yeah I can hear you yeah okay great well yeah I can hear you yeah okay great. Um so I I have a couple thoughts on this um so I I have a couple thoughts on this. Um so I I have a couple thoughts on this uh first uh if the meta size increase is. Uh first uh if the meta size increase is uh first uh if the meta size increase is. Concerned I think I don't know if we concerned I think I don't know if we concerned I think I don't know if we. Made it explicit anywhere but I think made it explicit anywhere but I think made it explicit anywhere but I think. This should be optional for the most this should be optional for the most this should be optional for the most. Part part part um at least I don't see a good reason um at least I don't see a good reason. Um at least I don't see a good reason for not making Z for not making Z for not making Z. Um so I I don't think and the same goes um so I I don't think and the same goes um so I I don't think and the same goes. Actually for The Ledger changes um actually for The Ledger changes um actually for The Ledger changes um. Ideally you would be able to pick one or ideally you would be able to pick one or. Ideally you would be able to pick one or another depending on what is your another depending on what is your. Another depending on what is your Downstream Downstream Downstream processing whatever suits you um then. Processing whatever suits you um then processing whatever suits you um then regarding the library I wanted to point. Regarding the library I wanted to point regarding the library I wanted to point out that well a not wa JavaScript is not. Out that well a not wa JavaScript is not out that well a not wa JavaScript is not. The only language out there but uh also the only language out there but uh also the only language out there but uh also. There is like some Nuance to like there there is like some Nuance to like there there is like some Nuance to like there. Is very Nuance difference between Ledger is very Nuance difference between Ledger. Is very Nuance difference between Ledger divs and events because events tell you divs and events because events tell you. Divs and events because events tell you what exactly has happened during the what exactly has happened during the. What exactly has happened during the transaction whereas weder deeps tell you transaction whereas weder deeps tell you. Transaction whereas weder deeps tell you what was the state after the transaction. What was the state after the transaction what was the state after the transaction. And uh I think it matters more for soran and uh I think it matters more for soran. And uh I think it matters more for soran but I don't know it might have some but I don't know it might have some. But I don't know it might have some interesting implications for classic I interesting implications for classic I. Interesting implications for classic I don't know if they're interesting to don't know if they're interesting to. Don't know if they're interesting to anyone but anyone but anyone but um just that the format of the event. Um just that the format of the event um just that the format of the event like if you're processing Samson you. Like if you're processing Samson you like if you're processing Samson you might be interested in processing Samson. Might be interested in processing Samson might be interested in processing Samson. As a stream of specifically events right as a stream of specifically events right. As a stream of specifically events right and not a stream of um some data types and not a stream of um some data types. And not a stream of um some data types that depend on the operations like can that depend on the operations like can. That depend on the operations like can see from the library correct me if only see from the library correct me if only. See from the library correct me if only them missing something there but this them missing something there but this. Them missing something there but this don't seem to me like this stand and the don't seem to me like this stand and the. Don't seem to me like this stand and the idea here is that you know if I wanted idea here is that you know if I wanted. Idea here is that you know if I wanted to track just the movement of the to track just the movement of the. To track just the movement of the balance and I not particularly balance and I not particularly. Balance and I not particularly interested in the exact semantics of interested in the exact semantics of. Interested in the exact semantics of each and every store operation what I each and every store operation what I. Each and every store operation what I could do is I could just ingest the could do is I could just ingest the. Could do is I could just ingest the event stream and track the balance um event stream and track the balance um. Event stream and track the balance um for a given for a given for a given account um which I think may be. Account um which I think may be account um which I think may be interesting to some consumers um so yeah. Interesting to some consumers um so yeah interesting to some consumers um so yeah. This are just some thoughts on what why this are just some thoughts on what why this are just some thoughts on what why. Buer doing this at all I think uh the argument regarding all I think uh the argument regarding. The event stream is pretty solid because the event stream is pretty solid because. The event stream is pretty solid because uh this way uh the server in this case uh this way uh the server in this case. Uh this way uh the server in this case RPC handles uh the streaming itself and RPC handles uh the streaming itself and. RPC handles uh the streaming itself and uh uh indexing and cses and Etc so uh uh indexing and cses and Etc so. Uh uh indexing and cses and Etc so instead of working with transactions and instead of working with transactions and. Instead of working with transactions and Parson transactions uh it can like Parson transactions uh it can like. Parson transactions uh it can like really rely on these events it's a solid really rely on these events it's a solid. Really rely on these events it's a solid argument uh it point is that um I'm not argument uh it point is that um I'm not. Argument uh it point is that um I'm not proposing to use JavaScript everywhere proposing to use JavaScript everywhere. Proposing to use JavaScript everywhere uh uh uh maybe um we maybe um we maybe um we. Can like Port this uh to rust uh or can like Port this uh to rust uh or can like Port this uh to rust uh or. Other languages and um use it inside RPC other languages and um use it inside RPC. Other languages and um use it inside RPC inside uh other applications uh instead inside uh other applications uh instead. Inside uh other applications uh instead of uh adding the data we can like uh do of uh adding the data we can like uh do. Of uh adding the data we can like uh do it uh on the fly in RPC itself right uh it uh on the fly in RPC itself right uh. It uh on the fly in RPC itself right uh regenerate this events uh because regenerate this events uh because. Regenerate this events uh because basically all described events that what basically all described events that what. Basically all described events that what we do with we do with we do with [Music]. [Music] [Music] u with the transaction u with the transaction u with the transaction. M xdr uh that's something we already M xdr uh that's something we already M xdr uh that's something we already. Do so maybe it's just uh one of the do so maybe it's just uh one of the do so maybe it's just uh one of the. Options uh instead of extending uh options uh instead of extending uh options uh instead of extending uh. The xdr itself the xdr itself the xdr itself again because uh to me it looks already. Again because uh to me it looks already again because uh to me it looks already pretty. Pretty pretty large my subjective opinion on this but again if you could opt out of. This but again if you could opt out of imian events would that solve your issue imian events would that solve your issue. Imian events would that solve your issue with the size because it's I think with the size because it's I think. With the size because it's I think besides the size concern I feel like the besides the size concern I feel like the. Besides the size concern I feel like the suggestion of let's put Comm suggestion of let's put Comm. Suggestion of let's put Comm implementation somewhere we just implementation somewhere we just. Implementation somewhere we just suggesting well why don't we put this suggesting well why don't we put this. Suggesting well why don't we put this common implementation right into ore I common implementation right into ore I. Common implementation right into ore I don't think it makes a huge ideological don't think it makes a huge ideological. Don't think it makes a huge ideological difference and I think it does make difference and I think it does make. Difference and I think it does make something easier to maintain and to something easier to maintain and to. Something easier to maintain and to ensure that they works correctly for b ensure that they works correctly for b. Ensure that they works correctly for b um yeah especially if we are doing um yeah especially if we are doing. Um yeah especially if we are doing protocal changes um so yeah and just for protocal changes um so yeah and just for. Protocal changes um so yeah and just for the say I totally agree and the say I totally agree and. The say I totally agree and yeah so I don't know if you have any yeah so I don't know if you have any. Yeah so I don't know if you have any strong arguments but I feel like you're strong arguments but I feel like you're. Strong arguments but I feel like you're more or less in the same page here in more or less in the same page here in. More or less in the same page here in terms of standardization because it I terms of standardization because it I. Terms of standardization because it I guess just in of putting it into cor guess just in of putting it into cor. Guess just in of putting it into cor kind of make sense yeah the standardization it sits. Sense yeah the standardization it sits inside The Narrative of everything being inside The Narrative of everything being. Inside The Narrative of everything being a contract so I think like that's what's. A contract so I think like that's what's a contract so I think like that's what's. Beautiful about this is that um you know beautiful about this is that um you know. Beautiful about this is that um you know today we have you know classic today we have you know classic. Today we have you know classic operations and then we have everything operations and then we have everything. Operations and then we have everything that happens on sorban um and the result that happens on sorban um and the result. That happens on sorban um and the result of those things looks pretty different of those things looks pretty different. Of those things looks pretty different but as a result of this work we're but as a result of this work we're. But as a result of this work we're moving towards this future where moving towards this future where. Moving towards this future where actually everything that just happens on actually everything that just happens on. Actually everything that just happens on classic looks exactly like a contract classic looks exactly like a contract. Classic looks exactly like a contract that's executing and you know all assets that's executing and you know all assets. That's executing and you know all assets actually do have a contract that's actually do have a contract that's. Actually do have a contract that's reserved for them they have the Stellar reserved for them they have the Stellar. Reserved for them they have the Stellar asset asset asset contract and so the events are just. Contract and so the events are just contract and so the events are just going to look like everything that. Going to look like everything that going to look like everything that happens with assets no matter if it's. Happens with assets no matter if it's happens with assets no matter if it's classic or anything like that it just. Classic or anything like that it just classic or anything like that it just looks like a contract um which is also. Looks like a contract um which is also looks like a contract um which is also much more similar to other ecosystems uh. Much more similar to other ecosystems uh much more similar to other ecosystems uh. Other like blockchain ecosystems as well other like blockchain ecosystems as well. Other like blockchain ecosystems as well so um there's that familiarity for so um there's that familiarity for. So um there's that familiarity for everybody about how this works versus everybody about how this works versus. Everybody about how this works versus say ethereum and other things yeah and I I I'll make sure to. Things yeah and I I I'll make sure to clarify in the uh the cap that nothing's clarify in the uh the cap that nothing's. Clarify in the uh the cap that nothing's being removed from meta and this will be. Being removed from meta and this will be being removed from meta and this will be. Optional that's a good point optional that's a good point optional that's a good point. I mentioned the config flag for I mentioned the config flag for I mentioned the config flag for. Transaction met V4 but I I'll go into transaction met V4 but I I'll go into transaction met V4 but I I'll go into. That in a little more detail um are that in a little more detail um are that in a little more detail um are. There any other questions I didn't quite catch if we questions I didn't quite catch if we. Have made any final decision on MOS uh like what we talked about like 10 MOS uh like what we talked about like 10. Minutes ago wa wait what is the final stages because wa wait what is the final stages because. I maybe I've lost it yeah so we're for I maybe I've lost it yeah so we're for I maybe I've lost it yeah so we're for. In the context of this cap we are the in the context of this cap we are the in the context of this cap we are the. We're forwarding the M account we're forwarding the M account we're forwarding the M account. Information right into the the addresses information right into the the addresses. Information right into the the addresses but for memos we still need to explore but for memos we still need to explore. But for memos we still need to explore uh what Nico mentioned earlier like so uh what Nico mentioned earlier like so. Uh what Nico mentioned earlier like so there's nothing finalized there but we there's nothing finalized there but we. There's nothing finalized there but we but we are going to go look into that but we are going to go look into that. But we are going to go look into that right soal decision okay I was just kind right soal decision okay I was just kind. Right soal decision okay I was just kind of missed it okay yeah no yeah I'm not I'm not sure if we want. No yeah I'm not I'm not sure if we want to discuss that more because it's not to discuss that more because it's not. To discuss that more because it's not actually nobody's actually written like actually nobody's actually written like. Actually nobody's actually written like a a formal this is how we're how we a a formal this is how we're how we. A a formal this is how we're how we would propose an alternative for it to would propose an alternative for it to. Would propose an alternative for it to work I mean I could say something right work I mean I could say something right. Work I mean I could say something right now that I now that I now that I think uh I think aligns with what niik. Think uh I think aligns with what niik think uh I think aligns with what niik was talking about but I don't know if. Was talking about but I don't know if was talking about but I don't know if I I think it'd be valuable if we. I I think it'd be valuable if we I I think it'd be valuable if we actually uh get something written down. Actually uh get something written down actually uh get something written down then present it in the future meeting. Then present it in the future meeting then present it in the future meeting because I know we uh we have 30 minutes. Because I know we uh we have 30 minutes because I know we uh we have 30 minutes left and dimma has a couple caps to. Left and dimma has a couple caps to left and dimma has a couple caps to present that's probably more valuable. Present that's probably more valuable present that's probably more valuable right. Great all right um go ahead okay yeah great all right um go ahead okay yeah great uh yeah I don't actually mind. Great uh yeah I don't actually mind great uh yeah I don't actually mind spending more time on the events if. Spending more time on the events if spending more time on the events if necessary but uh if you're done uh we. Necessary but uh if you're done uh we necessary but uh if you're done uh we can go. Can go can go to to to app uh uh that's six hisory um uh that's six hisory um so this is basically a cap that uh. So this is basically a cap that uh so this is basically a cap that uh mostly changes the transaction set um. Mostly changes the transaction set um mostly changes the transaction set um but it does so in a pretty interesting. But it does so in a pretty interesting but it does so in a pretty interesting way um so as you may or may not know uh. Way um so as you may or may not know uh way um so as you may or may not know uh Al a hustle you need to go through with. Al a hustle you need to go through with Al a hustle you need to go through with a Footprints uh inur transaction is done. A Footprints uh inur transaction is done a Footprints uh inur transaction is done. For a good reason and this reason is uh for a good reason and this reason is uh for a good reason and this reason is uh. Being able to run the transactions in being able to run the transactions in being able to run the transactions in. Parallel because if you know your parallel because if you know your parallel because if you know your. Footprint we know that you don't have a footprint we know that you don't have a footprint we know that you don't have a. Data dependency between two data dependency between two data dependency between two. Transactions and you actually can run transactions and you actually can run transactions and you actually can run. Them in parallel without worrying about them in parallel without worrying about them in parallel without worrying about. Any any any synchronization um so given the synchronization um so given the synchronization um so given the. Footprints in theory today what you footprints in theory today what you footprints in theory today what you. Could do is you could right your own could do is you could right your own could do is you could right your own. Version of core uh application logic version of core uh application logic version of core uh application logic. That takes the transactions and that takes the transactions and that takes the transactions and. Partitions them somehow into threads partitions them somehow into threads partitions them somehow into threads. That R par from each other um but the that R par from each other um but the that R par from each other um but the. Issue with that is that uh there is no issue with that is that uh there is no issue with that is that uh there is no. Good boundary on how much time is it good boundary on how much time is it good boundary on how much time is it. Supposed to take for example if you take supposed to take for example if you take. Supposed to take for example if you take 10 transactions without data 10 transactions without data. 10 transactions without data dependencies you could run them in 10 dependencies you could run them in 10. Dependencies you could run them in 10 shads and they would for example take 10 shads and they would for example take 10. Shads and they would for example take 10 milliseconds um after synchronization or. Milliseconds um after synchronization or milliseconds um after synchronization or. You could have the same 10 transactions you could have the same 10 transactions you could have the same 10 transactions. But all of them dependent on some W your but all of them dependent on some W your. But all of them dependent on some W your entries are being updated and thus you entries are being updated and thus you. Entries are being updated and thus you cannot schedule them into 10 different cannot schedule them into 10 different. Cannot schedule them into 10 different threads you would run them in the single threads you would run them in the single. Threads you would run them in the single thread fres and in the end you will thread fres and in the end you will. Thread fres and in the end you will spend not 10 milliseconds but 100 spend not 10 milliseconds but 100. Spend not 10 milliseconds but 100 milliseconds to apply all milliseconds to apply all. Milliseconds to apply all transactions um so basically there is transactions um so basically there is. Transactions um so basically there is since protocol doesn't do anything since protocol doesn't do anything. Since protocol doesn't do anything currently about currently about currently about. Pration um there is no good way to pration um there is no good way to pration um there is no good way to. Schedule the transactions in such a way schedule the transactions in such a way schedule the transactions in such a way. That it takes uh some bounded and that it takes uh some bounded and that it takes uh some bounded and. Expected well well there is still an expected well well there is still an expected well well there is still an. Upper bound on the runtime but this upper bound on the runtime but this upper bound on the runtime but this. Upper bound rise wildly and um it's not upper bound rise wildly and um it's not upper bound rise wildly and um it's not. Good if Ledger May close both within 100 good if Ledger May close both within 100. Good if Ledger May close both within 100 Mills or within like two seconds for Mills or within like two seconds for. Mills or within like two seconds for example uh which is why um we are doing example uh which is why um we are doing. Example uh which is why um we are doing this cap fix3 which solves exactly that this cap fix3 which solves exactly that. This cap fix3 which solves exactly that problem which is uh given um a set of problem which is uh given um a set of. Problem which is uh given um a set of transactions come up with a transaction transactions come up with a transaction. Transactions come up with a transaction set data structure um that guarantees uh set data structure um that guarantees uh. Set data structure um that guarantees uh certain time for appliances certain time for appliances. Certain time for appliances transactions um is a c of course of that transactions um is a c of course of that. Transactions um is a c of course of that time being time in model constructions time being time in model constructions. Time being time in model constructions and not of course well time CL time and not of course well time CL time. And not of course well time CL time because we um kind of cannot tell it because we um kind of cannot tell it. Because we um kind of cannot tell it beforehand without tring the contracts beforehand without tring the contracts. Beforehand without tring the contracts but we hope that our cost models are but we hope that our cost models are. But we hope that our cost models are good enough and another cave being that good enough and another cave being that. Good enough and another cave being that uh you actually should have the fish is uh you actually should have the fish is. Uh you actually should have the fish is sufficient amount of physical course to sufficient amount of physical course to. Sufficient amount of physical course to support multi stading because well again support multi stading because well again. Support multi stading because well again if you have just one core obviously it if you have just one core obviously it. If you have just one core obviously it doesn't matter if you run 10 shreds um doesn't matter if you run 10 shreds um. Doesn't matter if you run 10 shreds um there some here um so uh if you have just a single. Here um so uh if you have just a single core and you wanted to apply core and you wanted to apply. Core and you wanted to apply transactions in 10 threats obviously transactions in 10 threats obviously. Transactions in 10 threats obviously you'll not get any performance gain you'll not get any performance gain. You'll not get any performance gain because well transactions are purely CPU because well transactions are purely CPU. Because well transactions are purely CPU bound bound bound um so that's the motivation uh for this. Um so that's the motivation uh for this um so that's the motivation uh for this cap and the way it. Cap and the way it cap and the way it works is uh that we Define a new works is uh that we Define a new. Works is uh that we Define a new structure for the transaction set that structure for the transaction set that. Structure for the transaction set that instead of having a linear array of instead of having a linear array of. Instead of having a linear array of transactions um defines uh two levels of transactions um defines uh two levels of. Transactions um defines uh two levels of group transactions together and the group transactions together and the. Group transactions together and the first level is called first level is called first level is called. Stages um and I will talk about why stages um and I will talk about why stages um and I will talk about why. Stages and what does it need for any stages and what does it need for any stages and what does it need for any. Moment and then every stage uh consists moment and then every stage uh consists moment and then every stage uh consists. Of multiple clusters of transactions and of multiple clusters of transactions and. Of multiple clusters of transactions and within the cluster transactions within the cluster transactions. Within the cluster transactions generally may have data dependencies so generally may have data dependencies so. Generally may have data dependencies so it is expect Ed in this cluster to have it is expect Ed in this cluster to have. It is expect Ed in this cluster to have data dependent transactions that need to data dependent transactions that need to. Data dependent transactions that need to run run run sequentially however there are no uh. Sequentially however there are no uh sequentially however there are no uh data dependencies between the Clusters. Data dependencies between the Clusters data dependencies between the Clusters themselves um and thus since every. Themselves um and thus since every themselves um and thus since every cluster is guaranteed to be um. Cluster is guaranteed to be um cluster is guaranteed to be um independent of every as cluster what you. Independent of every as cluster what you independent of every as cluster what you. Could do is you could take every cluster could do is you could take every cluster. Could do is you could take every cluster and put it into a separate physical and put it into a separate physical. And put it into a separate physical thread and uh thus you can apply the thread and uh thus you can apply the. Thread and uh thus you can apply the whole stage uh in parall is as many whole stage uh in parall is as many. Whole stage uh in parall is as many threats as you have threats as you have threats as you have. Rers rers rers um also I probably forgot to clarify um also I probably forgot to clarify. Um also I probably forgot to clarify what we consider data dependency it is what we consider data dependency it is. What we consider data dependency it is when a single transaction has an entry when a single transaction has an entry. When a single transaction has an entry in a retrade footprint and then another in a retrade footprint and then another. In a retrade footprint and then another transaction has the same entry in either transaction has the same entry in either. Transaction has the same entry in either readon or retrade footprint me that one readon or retrade footprint me that one. Readon or retrade footprint me that one transaction modifies the entry another transaction modifies the entry another. Transaction modifies the entry another transaction as read so modifies it in transaction as read so modifies it in. Transaction as read so modifies it in either case we need to sequence them either case we need to sequence them. Either case we need to sequence them because um if you don't do that then we because um if you don't do that then we. Because um if you don't do that then we will get non deterministic results for will get non deterministic results for. Will get non deterministic results for any these any these any these transactions now. Transactions now transactions now um why do we have this additional uh um why do we have this additional uh. Um why do we have this additional uh level of uh transaction grouping in level of uh transaction grouping in. Level of uh transaction grouping in stages um the reason is that um if uh we stages um the reason is that um if uh we. Stages um the reason is that um if uh we just try to naively say hey let's just just try to naively say hey let's just. Just try to naively say hey let's just par the put the transactions in separate par the put the transactions in separate. Par the put the transactions in separate threads uh put them transaction set and threads uh put them transaction set and. Threads uh put them transaction set and that's it then um you may run into some that's it then um you may run into some. That's it then um you may run into some issues with um C traffic patterns for issues with um C traffic patterns for. Issues with um C traffic patterns for example example example imagine uh an oracle contract for. Imagine uh an oracle contract for imagine uh an oracle contract for example right and imagine it updates and. Example right and imagine it updates and example right and imagine it updates and. Entry some key and then there are bunch entry some key and then there are bunch entry some key and then there are bunch. Of transactions that want to read the of transactions that want to read the of transactions that want to read the. Value from the contract from the ccal value from the contract from the ccal value from the contract from the ccal. Contract and that key um and thus we contract and that key um and thus we contract and that key um and thus we. Have uh data dependency on a single have uh data dependency on a single have uh data dependency on a single. Entry um but we have only a single rate entry um but we have only a single rate entry um but we have only a single rate. Of the entry but we have a lot of rats of the entry but we have a lot of rats of the entry but we have a lot of rats. Of the exact same entry um so what we of the exact same entry um so what we of the exact same entry um so what we. Can do with this stages is that you can can do with this stages is that you can can do with this stages is that you can. Put right into one stage and then all put right into one stage and then all put right into one stage and then all. Reads into different reads into different reads into different stages stages stages. And basically this introduces just a few and basically this introduces just a few. And basically this introduces just a few barriers of execution into the barriers of execution into the. Barriers of execution into the transaction execution schedule um but it transaction execution schedule um but it. Transaction execution schedule um but it allows kind of efficiently work around allows kind of efficiently work around. Allows kind of efficiently work around this traffic patterns and um um given this traffic patterns and um um given. This traffic patterns and um um given smart enough maybe not even smart enough smart enough maybe not even smart enough. Smart enough maybe not even smart enough uh algra for actually coming up with uh algra for actually coming up with. Uh algra for actually coming up with this data structure uh you can deal with this data structure uh you can deal with. This data structure uh you can deal with a surprising amount of conflicts all at a surprising amount of conflicts all at. A surprising amount of conflicts all at once without introducing any special uh once without introducing any special uh. Once without introducing any special uh scheduling and synchronization procedure scheduling and synchronization procedure. Scheduling and synchronization procedure so basically just have a few barriers um. So basically just have a few barriers um so basically just have a few barriers um. In between the transaction applications in between the transaction applications in between the transaction applications. And this allows resolving a lot of the and this allows resolving a lot of the and this allows resolving a lot of the. Conflicts at the same time um before conflicts at the same time um before conflicts at the same time um before. Driving deeper I go read that for a driving deeper I go read that for a driving deeper I go read that for a. Moment and there any questions far um uh okay uh the new adjust approach um uh okay uh the new adjust approach. Okay so this uh app itself just changes okay so this uh app itself just changes okay so this uh app itself just changes. The structure of the transaction sets it the structure of the transaction sets it. The structure of the transaction sets it doesn't have any particular changes doesn't have any particular changes. Doesn't have any particular changes around how we uh which transactions do around how we uh which transactions do. Around how we uh which transactions do we pick at we pick at we pick at all but uh what I can say that the. All but uh what I can say that the all but uh what I can say that the protocol specification remains such that. Protocol specification remains such that protocol specification remains such that. Uh that transaction ification order is uh that transaction ification order is uh that transaction ification order is. Randomized and I think in case of uh M randomized and I think in case of uh M randomized and I think in case of uh M. Manipulations um nothing changes from manipulations um nothing changes from manipulations um nothing changes from. The current approach because uh for any the current approach because uh for any the current approach because uh for any. Arbitrage you're probably going to have Arbitrage you're probably going to have Arbitrage you're probably going to have. The data dependency and data dependent the data dependency and data dependent the data dependency and data dependent. Transactions are applied sequentially transactions are applied sequentially transactions are applied sequentially. And uh all we shuffle all the stuff that and uh all we shuffle all the stuff that. And uh all we shuffle all the stuff that is being applied sequentially so the is being applied sequentially so the. Is being applied sequentially so the transaction order is still uh for to transaction order is still uh for to. Transaction order is still uh for to predict and uh yeah I don't think it's predict and uh yeah I don't think it's. Predict and uh yeah I don't think it's any easier to manipulate than it is any easier to manipulate than it is. Any easier to manipulate than it is currently which is to say it's not currently which is to say it's not. Currently which is to say it's not impossible but just spaming Ledger is a impossible but just spaming Ledger is a. Impossible but just spaming Ledger is a arbitr transaction for arbitr transaction for. Arbitr transaction for example example example [Music] um yeah uh in terms of the system. Um yeah uh in terms of the system requirements again the cup doesn't requirements again the cup doesn't. Requirements again the cup doesn't Define them uh I will will talk about Define them uh I will will talk about. Define them uh I will will talk about this in a moment uh but uh of course yes this in a moment uh but uh of course yes. This in a moment uh but uh of course yes if we want to run transactions in if we want to run transactions in. If we want to run transactions in parallel then well you need to have uh parallel then well you need to have uh. Parallel then well you need to have uh certain number of course present uh on certain number of course present uh on. Certain number of course present uh on the validator which is I guess a the validator which is I guess a. The validator which is I guess a tradeoff with the um like that's tradeoff with the um like that's. Tradeoff with the um like that's horizontal scaling the notot use better horizontal scaling the notot use better. Horizontal scaling the notot use better Hardware as then cannot find more Hardware as then cannot find more. Hardware as then cannot find more transaction um uh M resarch maybe maybe I think I. Um uh M resarch maybe maybe I think I already have the section on shoing the already have the section on shoing the. Already have the section on shoing the transactions so may be efficient maybe transactions so may be efficient maybe. Transactions so may be efficient maybe not um yeah uh okay I see question regarding Z. Yeah uh okay I see question regarding Z and uh let me actually go a bit deeper and uh let me actually go a bit deeper. And uh let me actually go a bit deeper regarding how exactly things are regarding how exactly things are. Regarding how exactly things are specified first thing is that uh specified first thing is that uh. Specified first thing is that uh Moro uh does introduce a new network Moro uh does introduce a new network. Moro uh does introduce a new network configuration setting for the maximum configuration setting for the maximum. Configuration setting for the maximum number of f per stage which roughly well number of f per stage which roughly well. Number of f per stage which roughly well not roughly but basically maps to the not roughly but basically maps to the. Not roughly but basically maps to the EXP Ed number of course uh uh that your EXP Ed number of course uh uh that your. EXP Ed number of course uh uh that your that the network is willing to throw it that the network is willing to throw it. That the network is willing to throw it when ledgers if you have less course when ledgers if you have less course. When ledgers if you have less course then uh it may take for you longer uh then uh it may take for you longer uh. Then uh it may take for you longer uh than expected to pric transactions you than expected to pric transactions you. Than expected to pric transactions you have more cores uh or at least that many have more cores uh or at least that many. Have more cores uh or at least that many you should be good and uh as all the you should be good and uh as all the. You should be good and uh as all the network configuration settings uh this network configuration settings uh this. Network configuration settings uh this setting uh will be uh Modified by setting uh will be uh Modified by. Setting uh will be uh Modified by validator vot so you know some validator vot so you know some. Validator vot so you know some validators say that we don't have that validators say that we don't have that. Validators say that we don't have that many cores um they will not vote for many cores um they will not vote for. Many cores um they will not vote for this and uh ultimately Network can this and uh ultimately Network can. This and uh ultimately Network can decide if requirements for to rers are decide if requirements for to rers are. Decide if requirements for to rers are too expensive or uh too hard to come too expensive or uh too hard to come. Too expensive or uh too hard to come this come up this and uh also to make it this come up this and uh also to make it. This come up this and uh also to make it clear when we upgrade to protocal 23 clear when we upgrade to protocal 23. Clear when we upgrade to protocal 23 this setting will be set to just one so this setting will be set to just one so. This setting will be set to just one so um any parallelism allowed as network um any parallelism allowed as network. Um any parallelism allowed as network settings so you know that to enable any settings so you know that to enable any. Settings so you know that to enable any parallelism uh Network quote to happen Okay um. Happen Okay um [Music] [Music] [Music] then to the structure okay I already then to the structure okay I already. Then to the structure okay I already talked through the specification of the talked through the specification of the. Talked through the specification of the uh data structure uh data structure uh data structure. Um um um the phas fee and search pricing will the phas fee and search pricing will. The phas fee and search pricing will work in the same way as it works now work in the same way as it works now. Work in the same way as it works now which is there will be a single base fee which is there will be a single base fee. Which is there will be a single base fee for the for the for the transactions it is 100 Stoops uh if. Transactions it is 100 Stoops uh if transactions it is 100 Stoops uh if there is no search price in and if there. There is no search price in and if there there is no search price in and if there. Is SAR pricing which means like if there is SAR pricing which means like if there. Is SAR pricing which means like if there were transactions that you couldn't were transactions that you couldn't. Were transactions that you couldn't include in The Ledger but this that were include in The Ledger but this that were. Include in The Ledger but this that were in the mle uh we take the fee of the in the mle uh we take the fee of the. In the mle uh we take the fee of the cheapest transaction that we do include cheapest transaction that we do include. Cheapest transaction that we do include and use it as a base fees that everyone and use it as a base fees that everyone. And use it as a base fees that everyone has to has to has to pay um okay and now again to the apply order. Um okay and now again to the apply order um first uh there is still a canonical um first uh there is still a canonical. Um first uh there is still a canonical apply order uh that is defined in cap so apply order uh that is defined in cap so. Apply order uh that is defined in cap so you still can apply all the transactions. You still can apply all the transactions you still can apply all the transactions. Sequentially and arrive at the same sequentially and arrive at the same sequentially and arrive at the same. Result as you would if you were uh if result as you would if you were uh if result as you would if you were uh if. You applying them in you applying them in you applying them in parallel and uh similar to what we do. Parallel and uh similar to what we do parallel and uh similar to what we do now uh we Shuffle the things before. Now uh we Shuffle the things before now uh we Shuffle the things before applying them um first we Shuffle every. Applying them um first we Shuffle every applying them um first we Shuffle every cluster um using the hash of the. Cluster um using the hash of the cluster um using the hash of the transaction set and hash of every. Transaction set and hash of every transaction set and hash of every transaction then the uh for the Clusters. Transaction then the uh for the Clusters transaction then the uh for the Clusters. We don't need to shuffle them but we don't need to shuffle them but we don't need to shuffle them but. By the transaction by the transaction by the transaction hashes and then we Shuffle the stages as. Hashes and then we Shuffle the stages as hashes and then we Shuffle the stages as. Well so yeah like so transactions are um well so yeah like so transactions are um. Well so yeah like so transactions are um in different stages um one may happen in different stages um one may happen. In different stages um one may happen before or after another before or after another. Before or after another one one one um that's kind of what to do for Shing um that's kind of what to do for Shing. Um that's kind of what to do for Shing and I think it's not significantly and I think it's not significantly. And I think it's not significantly different from our St um yeah I don't think uh it does. Um yeah I don't think uh it does anything specific anything specific anything specific. To again it doesn't changes status quo to again it doesn't changes status quo to again it doesn't changes status quo. For M um on the large scale like I think for M um on the large scale like I think. For M um on the large scale like I think the best thing you can do is still just the best thing you can do is still just. The best thing you can do is still just Spam the network is heritor transactions Spam the network is heritor transactions. Spam the network is heritor transactions it is the issue we have now and uh it it is the issue we have now and uh it. It is the issue we have now and uh it persists like the goal of this cap is persists like the goal of this cap is. Persists like the goal of this cap is not to prevent uh these types of attacks not to prevent uh these types of attacks. Not to prevent uh these types of attacks uh but it does not make it any easier to. Uh but it does not make it any easier to uh but it does not make it any easier to. Guarantee any particular execution order guarantee any particular execution order. Guarantee any particular execution order between two between two between two transactions um so yeah I don't see like. Transactions um so yeah I don't see like transactions um so yeah I don't see like. If you see something specific like maybe if you see something specific like maybe. If you see something specific like maybe uh uh uh you know maybe we can up Asing later uh. You know maybe we can up Asing later uh you know maybe we can up Asing later uh but I yeah I don't think there is any. But I yeah I don't think there is any but I yeah I don't think there is any change to to the execution orders that. Change to to the execution orders that change to to the execution orders that is relevant. Is relevant is relevant for for for um right um okay so that's a kind of um right um okay so that's a kind of. Um right um okay so that's a kind of simpler part of the cap so again um simpler part of the cap so again um. Simpler part of the cap so again um multiple threads to apply transactions multiple threads to apply transactions. Multiple threads to apply transactions in parallel oh uh the most important in parallel oh uh the most important. In parallel oh uh the most important thing that I forgot to mention is that thing that I forgot to mention is that. Thing that I forgot to mention is that we limit the number of sequential we limit the number of sequential. We limit the number of sequential instructions across all the stages which instructions across all the stages which. Instructions across all the stages which means that for every stage we look at means that for every stage we look at. Means that for every stage we look at the cluster that takes the longest time the cluster that takes the longest time. The cluster that takes the longest time in terms of model instructions and then in terms of model instructions and then. In terms of model instructions and then we sum up this numbers across all the we sum up this numbers across all the. We sum up this numbers across all the stages and then we come up with some stages and then we come up with some. Stages and then we come up with some number of sequential modeled number of sequential modeled. Number of sequential modeled instructions which are hopefully instructions which are hopefully. Instructions which are hopefully approximating the real runtime for approximating the real runtime for. Approximating the real runtime for applian the transaction set given and applian the transaction set given and. Applian the transaction set given and physical threats for example um if the physical threats for example um if the. Physical threats for example um if the Ledger limit currently is 500 milon Ledger limit currently is 500 milon. Ledger limit currently is 500 milon instructions um with uh this cap for instructions um with uh this cap for. Instructions um with uh this cap for example if you set Ledger Max dependent example if you set Ledger Max dependent. Example if you set Ledger Max dependent TX clusters to for example eight meaning TX clusters to for example eight meaning. TX clusters to for example eight meaning you need eight physical threads and we you need eight physical threads and we. You need eight physical threads and we keep the limited 500 million keep the limited 500 million. Keep the limited 500 million instructions we expect the weder instructions we expect the weder. Instructions we expect the weder application time be roughly a factor of application time be roughly a factor of. Application time be roughly a factor of 500 million virtual instructions which 500 million virtual instructions which. 500 million virtual instructions which we still on to few hundred milliseconds we still on to few hundred milliseconds. We still on to few hundred milliseconds currently um our cost currently um our cost. Currently um our cost models models models um yeah so that's kind of the simpler um yeah so that's kind of the simpler. Um yeah so that's kind of the simpler part of the cap um the trickiest thing part of the cap um the trickiest thing. Part of the cap um the trickiest thing is the GTL update semantic change is the GTL update semantic change. Is the GTL update semantic change um so all this data dependency stuff is um so all this data dependency stuff is. Um so all this data dependency stuff is very good and nice but um one thing that very good and nice but um one thing that. Very good and nice but um one thing that we again consciously did uh when La in we again consciously did uh when La in. We again consciously did uh when La in San is um we allow extending the dtl of San is um we allow extending the dtl of. San is um we allow extending the dtl of the entries uh even if the entries are the entries uh even if the entries are. The entries uh even if the entries are in read only footprint and the reason in read only footprint and the reason. In read only footprint and the reason for that is that well we expect TTL for that is that well we expect TTL. For that is that well we expect TTL updates to be really updates to be really updates to be really. Prevalent and uh if we treated them as prevalent and uh if we treated them as prevalent and uh if we treated them as. Rights uh there is a big chance we rights uh there is a big chance we rights uh there is a big chance we. Wouldn't be able to AR anything at all wouldn't be able to AR anything at all wouldn't be able to AR anything at all. Because things would be just just uh because things would be just just uh because things would be just just uh. Clump together with all this clusters of Clump together with all this clusters of. Clump together with all this clusters of for us contract that happen to update for us contract that happen to update. For us contract that happen to update totl on the same totl on the same totl on the same. Entes um which is why we decided that we entes um which is why we decided that we. Entes um which is why we decided that we actually can um reconcile the r changes actually can um reconcile the r changes. Actually can um reconcile the r changes um after running all the transactions um after running all the transactions. Um after running all the transactions without risking um introducing any without risking um introducing any. Without risking um introducing any nondeterminism and this TTL updates nondeterminism and this TTL updates. Nondeterminism and this TTL updates someand exchange is uh doing exactly someand exchange is uh doing exactly. Someand exchange is uh doing exactly that uh uh changes how we update ttls in that uh uh changes how we update ttls in. That uh uh changes how we update ttls in such a way that uh changes to TTL uh such a way that uh changes to TTL uh. Such a way that uh changes to TTL uh done by transactions that only touch the done by transactions that only touch the. Done by transactions that only touch the readon entries uh are not observable readon entries uh are not observable. Readon entries uh are not observable until uh someone actually writes the until uh someone actually writes the. Until uh someone actually writes the entry or until we have finished applying entry or until we have finished applying. Entry or until we have finished applying all the all the all the transactions um which is good enough to. Transactions um which is good enough to transactions um which is good enough to be able to actually run all the. Be able to actually run all the be able to actually run all the transactions that have the same ke only. Transactions that have the same ke only transactions that have the same ke only the run them in parallel and still right. The run them in parallel and still right the run them in parallel and still right. Have the proper TTL have the proper TTL have the proper TTL value and the algorithm proposed is uh. Value and the algorithm proposed is uh value and the algorithm proposed is uh pretty leny but the gist of it is that. Pretty leny but the gist of it is that pretty leny but the gist of it is that um if uh two transactions uh update to. Um if uh two transactions uh update to um if uh two transactions uh update to TL on the same. TL on the same TL on the same entry um they both will see the initial entry um they both will see the initial. Entry um they both will see the initial state of the TTL of the state of the TTL of the. State of the TTL of the tantry and uh will be charged the tantry and uh will be charged the. Tantry and uh will be charged the respective fee for set so for example if respective fee for set so for example if. Respective fee for set so for example if transaction a has a key in with only transaction a has a key in with only. Transaction a has a key in with only footprint and updates TL of some say xlm footprint and updates TL of some say xlm. Footprint and updates TL of some say xlm contract rate uh by 200 ledgers contract rate uh by 200 ledgers. Contract rate uh by 200 ledgers increases TTL by 200 ledgers and then increases TTL by 200 ledgers and then. Increases TTL by 200 ledgers and then transaction B increases TTL of exm transaction B increases TTL of exm. Transaction B increases TTL of exm contract by 100 ledgers uh well the contract by 100 ledgers uh well the. Contract by 100 ledgers uh well the transaction a will pay for extension by transaction a will pay for extension by. Transaction a will pay for extension by 200 ledgers and transaction B will pay 200 ledgers and transaction B will pay. 200 ledgers and transaction B will pay for the D extension by 100 Ledges but for the D extension by 100 Ledges but. For the D extension by 100 Ledges but what we will do in background is we will what we will do in background is we will. What we will do in background is we will correct this TTL changes and only apply correct this TTL changes and only apply. Correct this TTL changes and only apply the maximum change out of that to the the maximum change out of that to the. The maximum change out of that to the ler out of this two to the ler which ler out of this two to the ler which. Ler out of this two to the ler which means that the uh exm contract will be means that the uh exm contract will be. Means that the uh exm contract will be in the end extended by 200 in the end extended by 200. In the end extended by 200 lers and it does introduce uh bit of lers and it does introduce uh bit of. Lers and it does introduce uh bit of annoyance into how uh mattera should be annoyance into how uh mattera should be. Annoyance into how uh mattera should be processed which is unfortunate but um I processed which is unfortunate but um I. Processed which is unfortunate but um I couldn't think of a way that is both couldn't think of a way that is both. Couldn't think of a way that is both compatible with prism and doesn't compatible with prism and doesn't. Compatible with prism and doesn't require any changes in met ingestion and require any changes in met ingestion and. Require any changes in met ingestion and uh this change is uh this change is uh this change is. That uh basically when ingesting the that uh basically when ingesting the that uh basically when ingesting the. Changes in TLS from the mattera you changes in TLS from the mattera you changes in TLS from the mattera you. Should never decrease TT should never decrease TT should never decrease TT um this is only thing you need to do um. Um this is only thing you need to do um um this is only thing you need to do um it is documented in the cap and you'll. It is documented in the cap and you'll it is documented in the cap and you'll probably make another announcement um. Probably make another announcement um probably make another announcement um but uh yeah we kind of get around doing. But uh yeah we kind of get around doing but uh yeah we kind of get around doing something special for the map and this. Something special for the map and this something special for the map and this seems like the minimum possible change. Seems like the minimum possible change seems like the minimum possible change so TTL like that you record in the back. So TTL like that you record in the back so TTL like that you record in the back end and never go down but the TTL That. End and never go down but the TTL That end and never go down but the TTL That You observe in the. You observe in the You observe in the is correct DET change for the mattera is is correct DET change for the mattera is. Is correct DET change for the mattera is correct in the context of a given correct in the context of a given. Correct in the context of a given transaction meaning as I mentioned transaction meaning as I mentioned. Transaction meaning as I mentioned before uh that will charge the fee um before uh that will charge the fee um. Before uh that will charge the fee um based on the changes that you observe in based on the changes that you observe in. Based on the changes that you observe in The The The Meta Meta Meta um and this is kind of the ju of it and. Um and this is kind of the ju of it and um and this is kind of the ju of it and U right. U right U right uh yeah I can talk a little bit about uh yeah I can talk a little bit about. Uh yeah I can talk a little bit about candid generation and then move on to candid generation and then move on to. Candid generation and then move on to question um caps don't typically provide question um caps don't typically provide. Question um caps don't typically provide a way of how to actually build a a way of how to actually build a. A way of how to actually build a transaction sets uh which makes sense it transaction sets uh which makes sense it. Transaction sets uh which makes sense it doesn't need to be a part of the doesn't need to be a part of the. Doesn't need to be a part of the protocol as long as it is valid it protocol as long as it is valid it. Protocol as long as it is valid it doesn't matter how it has been built um doesn't matter how it has been built um. Doesn't matter how it has been built um but will'll likely implement the simple but will'll likely implement the simple. But will'll likely implement the simple gitty algorithm uh described in the cap gitty algorithm uh described in the cap. Gitty algorithm uh described in the cap and the idea behind it is just to pack and the idea behind it is just to pack. And the idea behind it is just to pack the transactions into the stages the transactions into the stages. The transactions into the stages R um while uring uh we are utilizing the R um while uring uh we are utilizing the. R um while uring uh we are utilizing the stes uh properly by being packing from stes uh properly by being packing from. Stes uh properly by being packing from time to time and the efficiency of being time to time and the efficiency of being. Time to time and the efficiency of being packing heris sixs is surprisingly um packing heris sixs is surprisingly um. Packing heris sixs is surprisingly um good so in the end I think we can I good so in the end I think we can I. Good so in the end I think we can I added some benchmarks and uh we can both added some benchmarks and uh we can both. Added some benchmarks and uh we can both P the leeders pretty efficiently like P the leeders pretty efficiently like. P the leeders pretty efficiently like uze most of the instructions and we can uze most of the instructions and we can. Uze most of the instructions and we can also deal with a decent amount of also deal with a decent amount of. Also deal with a decent amount of conflicts like if you have some conflicts like if you have some. Conflicts like if you have some relatively sparse clusters of conflicts relatively sparse clusters of conflicts. Relatively sparse clusters of conflicts uh that will not cause any depredation uh that will not cause any depredation. Uh that will not cause any depredation in lure utilization at all and in order in lure utilization at all and in order. In lure utilization at all and in order to have any real degradation un need to have any real degradation un need. To have any real degradation un need like some super inter interdependent like some super inter interdependent. Like some super inter interdependent transaction for which I don't expect to transaction for which I don't expect to. Transaction for which I don't expect to be uh happening in the wild um so I be uh happening in the wild um so I. Be uh happening in the wild um so I think this should be good enough at think this should be good enough at. Think this should be good enough at least uh initially and uh if we ever least uh initially and uh if we ever. Least uh initially and uh if we ever observe there are issues with that um observe there are issues with that um. Observe there are issues with that um ways to deal with that both at the mle ways to deal with that both at the mle. Ways to deal with that both at the mle level and the U wayer of building the level and the U wayer of building the. Level and the U wayer of building the transaction sets transaction sets transaction sets. Um I think that's all I wanted to talk um I think that's all I wanted to talk um I think that's all I wanted to talk. About just to present the cap and uh now about just to present the cap and uh now. About just to present the cap and uh now I will most through the chat and read I will most through the chat and read. I will most through the chat and read some questions um yeah uh question from niik about the. Um yeah uh question from niik about the meta changes for meta changes for meta changes for. TTL TTL TTL um M net diffs for um M net diffs for um M net diffs for ttls not emit one per. Ttls not emit one per ttls not emit one per transaction well um we still need to transaction well um we still need to. Transaction well um we still need to emit TT per transaction I think because emit TT per transaction I think because. Emit TT per transaction I think because they are an effect of the transaction they are an effect of the transaction. They are an effect of the transaction this is how we charge P um and I I'm not this is how we charge P um and I I'm not. This is how we charge P um and I I'm not sure it is correct to just omit sure it is correct to just omit. Sure it is correct to just omit them and them and them and [Music] [Music] [Music]. Um whether we want to update meta I have um whether we want to update meta I have. Um whether we want to update meta I have considered this I I'm not sure it is considered this I I'm not sure it is. Considered this I I'm not sure it is necessarily a better solution so necessarily a better solution so. Necessarily a better solution so basically the alternative to what is basically the alternative to what is. Basically the alternative to what is proposed in this app is um well we could proposed in this app is um well we could. Proposed in this app is um well we could add yet another field to the mattera add yet another field to the mattera. Add yet another field to the mattera that will explicitly output the that will explicitly output the. That will explicitly output the TTL every entry facted by the wer the TTL every entry facted by the wer the. TTL every entry facted by the wer the final for it after applying every final for it after applying every. Final for it after applying every transaction in The Ledger transaction in The Ledger. Transaction in The Ledger [Music] [Music] [Music] um I like that's potentially a um I like that's potentially a. Um I like that's potentially a significant amount of duplication unless significant amount of duplication unless. Significant amount of duplication unless we also kind of remove the changes for we also kind of remove the changes for. We also kind of remove the changes for transaction I'm not sure if it is a good transaction I'm not sure if it is a good. Transaction I'm not sure if it is a good idea to remove the changes per idea to remove the changes per. Idea to remove the changes per transaction because then well meta just transaction because then well meta just. Transaction because then well meta just has some entries drop that transaction has some entries drop that transaction. Has some entries drop that transaction has actually affected which makes tricky has actually affected which makes tricky. Has actually affected which makes tricky to debu transactions for example makes to debu transactions for example makes. To debu transactions for example makes to understand your fees if you ever to understand your fees if you ever. To understand your fees if you ever wanted to run uh the computation logic wanted to run uh the computation logic. Wanted to run uh the computation logic comp so I'm sure we can omit that Pro comp so I'm sure we can omit that Pro. Comp so I'm sure we can omit that Pro transaction changes but then I'm not transaction changes but then I'm not. Transaction changes but then I'm not sure if duplicating this data is sure if duplicating this data is. Sure if duplicating this data is necessarily making things much easier to necessarily making things much easier to. Necessarily making things much easier to just not decrease in TTL with your track. Just not decrease in TTL with your track just not decrease in TTL with your track. On on on it it it um so that's my opinion um and I I mean you either need special. And I I mean you either need special Logic for merges or you need special Logic for merges or you need special. Logic for merges or you need special Logic Logic Logic for this new types of TT entries and you. For this new types of TT entries and you for this new types of TT entries and you. Also need to kind of sometimes ignore also need to kind of sometimes ignore also need to kind of sometimes ignore. That for transaction changes um I'm that for transaction changes um I'm that for transaction changes um I'm. Honestly not convinced if it is a good honestly not convinced if it is a good honestly not convinced if it is a good. Idea and if you wanted it possible to idea and if you wanted it possible to idea and if you wanted it possible to. Only ingest the T changes after the LED only ingest the T changes after the LED only ingest the T changes after the LED. Then so that you don't even need to then so that you don't even need to then so that you don't even need to. Process per transaction changes at all process per transaction changes at all process per transaction changes at all. Then basically we duplicate every TTL then basically we duplicate every TTL then basically we duplicate every TTL. Change into which is again probably not change into which is again probably not change into which is again probably not. Very Fe you don't know n if you want very Fe you don't know n if you want very Fe you don't know n if you want. To talk more about this um okay I don't see any more questions um okay I don't see any more questions. Uh and we actually have just three uh and we actually have just three uh and we actually have just three. Minutes left so um if anyone has any minutes left so um if anyone has any minutes left so um if anyone has any. Questions uh please feel free to comment questions uh please feel free to comment. Questions uh please feel free to comment on the ad discussions read it is uh yeah. On the ad discussions read it is uh yeah on the ad discussions read it is uh yeah. I guess the to meta change is really the I guess the to meta change is really the. I guess the to meta change is really the most controversial thing about it most controversial thing about it. Most controversial thing about it everything else everything else everything else. Is really uncontroversial I feel because is really uncontroversial I feel because. Is really uncontroversial I feel because though we are just allowing to include though we are just allowing to include. Though we are just allowing to include more transactions in Ledger and we still more transactions in Ledger and we still. More transactions in Ledger and we still shuffle them so no changes for any um so. Yeah yeah and one final thing I'll say yeah yeah and one final thing I'll say thanks thanks for presenting Dima uh. Thanks thanks for presenting Dima uh thanks thanks for presenting Dima uh We we forgot to talk about back to the. We we forgot to talk about back to the We we forgot to talk about back to the unified events a one topic about how the. Unified events a one topic about how the unified events a one topic about how the. Sa events have the asset name of the sa events have the asset name of the sa events have the asset name of the. Topics but SE 41 doesn't specify uh topics but SE 41 doesn't specify uh topics but SE 41 doesn't specify uh. Having putting the asset name in the having putting the asset name in the having putting the asset name in the. Topic so uh lee is about to start a topic so uh lee is about to start a topic so uh lee is about to start a. Thread about this so we can discuss it thread about this so we can discuss it thread about this so we can discuss it. There um yeah yeah Le just posted the uh there um yeah yeah Le just posted the uh. There um yeah yeah Le just posted the uh thread in the chat uh yeah that's all thread in the chat uh yeah that's all. Thread in the chat uh yeah that's all that's all we have for today thank you that's all we have for today thank you. That's all we have for today thank you for joining.
