Does that mean we're actually live it's does that mean we're actually live it's likely. Likely likely okay would you like to take it away for us no would you like to take it away for us no. Dude you go ahead and intro dude you go ahead and intro dude you go ahead and intro. All right welcome welcome welcome all right welcome welcome welcome all right welcome welcome welcome. Everyone everyone everyone it is fantastic to be live once again it is fantastic to be live once again. it is fantastic to be live once again with my with my good buddy with my with my good buddy. with my with my good buddy colton we're to be talking about colton we're to be talking about. Colton we're to be talking about Stellar community funding Stellar community funding . Stellar community funding we've we've we've talked about we've we've we've talked about. We've we've we've talked about this in the past this in the past this in the past. But it was kind of looking forward to but it was kind of looking forward to. But it was kind of looking forward to a future date when it would actually a future date when it would actually. A future date when it would actually all go live and lo and behold that day all go live and lo and behold that day. All go live and lo and behold that day has finally arrived has finally arrived has finally arrived. And so scf 2.0 after many many months of and so scf 2.0 after many many months of. And so scf 2.0 after many many months of planning planning planning and building the ecosystem team is. And building the ecosystem team is and building the ecosystem team is finally ready to release. Finally ready to release finally ready to release scf 2.0 and that's what scf 2.0 and that's what. Scf 2.0 and that's what we're going to be talking about today we're going to be talking about today. We're going to be talking about today this is engineering talk so we will get this is engineering talk so we will get. This is engineering talk so we will get into the weeds a little bit on some of into the weeds a little bit on some of. Into the weeds a little bit on some of the technical decisions the technical decisions. The technical decisions and implementations that we have in this and implementations that we have in this. And implementations that we have in this new version of the Stellar community new version of the Stellar community. New version of the Stellar community fund but it's also going to be fund but it's also going to be. Fund but it's also going to be a bit longer than normal engineering a bit longer than normal engineering. A bit longer than normal engineering talks so normally in journey talks for talks so normally in journey talks for. Talks so normally in journey talks for like 15 like 15 like 15 20 minutes this will probably go a. 20 minutes this will probably go a 20 minutes this will probably go a little bit longer than that to make sure. Little bit longer than that to make sure little bit longer than that to make sure. We do we do we do justice to all the updates and have all justice to all the updates and have all. Justice to all the updates and have all the information available to those who the information available to those who. The information available to those who are interested are interested are interested. In this update to the Stellar community in this update to the Stellar community in this update to the Stellar community. Fund fund fund so i've got my my fancy slide deck so i've got my my fancy slide deck. So i've got my my fancy slide deck open here and we're just gonna start open here and we're just gonna start. Open here and we're just gonna start walking walking walking straight through this I think it's worth. Straight through this I think it's worth straight through this I think it's worth. Taking a little bit of a look back taking a little bit of a look back taking a little bit of a look back. as well as the the look ahead to kind as well as the the look ahead to kind. as well as the the look ahead to kind of see where we've come from of see where we've come from. Of see where we've come from and to understand a little bit better and to understand a little bit better. And to understand a little bit better why as well as where we're going why as well as where we're going. Why as well as where we're going so to kind of inform our so to kind of inform our. so to kind of inform our discussion here let's look at our discussion here let's look at our. Discussion here let's look at our mandate so the Stellar has a mandate mandate so the Stellar has a mandate. Mandate so the Stellar has a mandate and the sdf is aiming to follow that and the sdf is aiming to follow that. And the sdf is aiming to follow that this is something we make public this is something we make public. This is something we make public and if you just type in google Stellar and if you just type in google Stellar. And if you just type in google Stellar mandate you can find mandate you can find mandate you can find. This particular quote somewhere buried this particular quote somewhere buried this particular quote somewhere buried. In there with all the other in there with all the other in there with all the other. missions and visions and mandates missions and visions and mandates missions and visions and mandates. That we follow at the sdf that we follow at the sdf that we follow at the sdf when building Stellar the Stellar. When building Stellar the Stellar when building Stellar the Stellar community fund so one of our allocations. Community fund so one of our allocations community fund so one of our allocations. Of lumens of lumens of lumens is dedicated towards the Stellar is dedicated towards the Stellar. Is dedicated towards the Stellar community fund this this community community fund this this community. Community fund this this community funding initiative funding initiative funding initiative. And it gives the broader Stellar and it gives the broader Stellar and it gives the broader Stellar. Community the opportunity to vote community the opportunity to vote community the opportunity to vote. On which projects deserve excellent on which projects deserve excellent on which projects deserve excellent. Grants this is a very unique grants this is a very unique grants this is a very unique. Fund in that it is the only one that fund in that it is the only one that fund in that it is the only one that. Really gives really gives really gives the the greater community a direct the the greater community a direct. The the greater community a direct opportunity to impact opportunity to impact opportunity to impact. The allocation of xlm grants the sdf has the allocation of xlm grants the sdf has. The allocation of xlm grants the sdf has a pool of lumens that it has mandated a pool of lumens that it has mandated. A pool of lumens that it has mandated to give out in certain scenarios and to give out in certain scenarios and. to give out in certain scenarios and to certain entities to accomplish to certain entities to accomplish. To certain entities to accomplish specific goals and tasks specific goals and tasks. Specific goals and tasks and one of those is this pool of lumens and one of those is this pool of lumens. And one of those is this pool of lumens 12 million 12 million 12 million. Lumens a year that we give out via lumens a year that we give out via lumens a year that we give out via. The community so the community can take the community so the community can take the community so the community can take. Part in allocating those and that's kind part in allocating those and that's kind. Part in allocating those and that's kind of what we're doing with this big update. Of what we're doing with this big update of what we're doing with this big update. Is to get closer and continue to iterate is to get closer and continue to iterate. Is to get closer and continue to iterate on what we've done in the past on what we've done in the past. On what we've done in the past to align with this goal this mandate to align with this goal this mandate. To align with this goal this mandate as well as as well as as well as getting closer so . getting closer so getting closer so we've we've been close to it but as the. We've we've been close to it but as the we've we've been close to it but as the as the ecosystem matures we need to. As the ecosystem matures we need to as the ecosystem matures we need to continuously update. Continuously update continuously update and make sure that we're aligned with and make sure that we're aligned with. And make sure that we're aligned with our with our mandate our with our mandate our with our mandate. So a little bit of history the so a little bit of history the so a little bit of history the. Stellar community fund I would Stellar community fund I would Stellar community fund I would. Lump it together with the Stellar build lump it together with the Stellar build lump it together with the Stellar build. Challenge so way back in june challenge so way back in june challenge so way back in june. 2016 the sdf released 2016 the sdf released 2016 the sdf released a project called the Stellar build. A project called the Stellar build a project called the Stellar build challenge challenge. Challenge and the first place winner and the first place winner and the first place winner. Of that they had a different of that they had a different of that they had a different. Categories and different you know categories and different you know categories and different you know. First place second first place second first place second first second and third place and. first second and third place and first second and third place and first place was going to win 55 million. First place was going to win 55 million first place was going to win 55 million limbs the price of lumens back at that. Limbs the price of lumens back at that limbs the price of lumens back at that time was actually less than a penny so. Time was actually less than a penny so time was actually less than a penny so we've. We've we've we've come a long way since june 2016 we've come a long way since june 2016. We've come a long way since june 2016 entries in that very first Stellar entries in that very first Stellar. entries in that very first Stellar bill challenge included bill challenge included. Bill challenge included galactic talk and lobster amongst others galactic talk and lobster amongst others. Galactic talk and lobster amongst others so so so two projects that we at least I know i. Two projects that we at least I know I two projects that we at least I know I use just about every single day. Use just about every single day use just about every single day and then we move all the way through. and then we move all the way through and then we move all the way through september 2018 to the last. September 2018 to the last september 2018 to the last spc so the Stellar build challenge was. Spc so the Stellar build challenge was spc so the Stellar build challenge was shut down at the number seven and then. Shut down at the number seven and then shut down at the number seven and then shortly after that zach who hopefully. Shortly after that zach who hopefully shortly after that zach who hopefully. A lot of you a lot of you a lot of you in this community know the hero really in this community know the hero really. In this community know the hero really of the sbc kind of took over of the sbc kind of took over. Of the sbc kind of took over ownership of that and then ownership of that and then. ownership of that and then transitioned or transitioned or transitioned or as the spc went out he brought back in. As the spc went out he brought back in as the spc went out he brought back in what we call the Stellar community fund. What we call the Stellar community fund what we call the Stellar community fund which was really starting to align more. Which was really starting to align more which was really starting to align more closely with the. Closely with the closely with the community vision of the community vision of the . Community vision of the the mandate to have the community giving the mandate to have the community giving. The mandate to have the community giving away these lumens are allocating where away these lumens are allocating where. Away these lumens are allocating where those 12 million lumens should go those 12 million lumens should go. those 12 million lumens should go and so that was carried out by by zach and so that was carried out by by zach. And so that was carried out by by zach he built it he built it he built it designed it we've been running that for. Designed it we've been running that for designed it we've been running that for a little over a year now. A little over a year now a little over a year now five different rounds and now we find. five different rounds and now we find five different rounds and now we find. Ourselves here august 2020 ourselves here august 2020 ourselves here august 2020 with the scf 2.0 and . With the scf 2.0 and with the scf 2.0 and these these different sbcs and scf like. These these different sbcs and scf like these these different sbcs and scf like they were all. They were all they were all good and they all worked well in good and they all worked well in. good and they all worked well in their in their time there may have been their in their time there may have been. Their in their time there may have been things that would things that would things that would. Could have been improved or changed could have been improved or changed could have been improved or changed . But we did that right so as but we did that right so as but we did that right so as. As things can be better we make efforts as things can be better we make efforts as things can be better we make efforts. To improve them to improve them to improve them and that's really what the scf 2.0 is. And that's really what the scf 2.0 is and that's really what the scf 2.0 is trying to do and it's it's making maybe. Trying to do and it's it's making maybe trying to do and it's it's making maybe a little bit bigger stab. A little bit bigger stab a little bit bigger stab an improvement something maybe akin to. An improvement something maybe akin to an improvement something maybe akin to what zack did when he. What zack did when he what zack did when he initially created or invented the initially created or invented the. Initially created or invented the scf the original scf we're kind of scf the original scf we're kind of. Scf the original scf we're kind of taking a big step at that so rather than taking a big step at that so rather than. Taking a big step at that so rather than just adjusting some rules just adjusting some rules. Just adjusting some rules we're actually restructuring it in a we're actually restructuring it in a. We're actually restructuring it in a pretty significant way taking the best pretty significant way taking the best. Pretty significant way taking the best of both the spc and the scf into a into of both the spc and the scf into a into. Of both the spc and the scf into a into a new fund a new fund a new fund which we hope will provide. Which we hope will provide which we hope will provide a fantastic funding mechanism for a long. A fantastic funding mechanism for a long a fantastic funding mechanism for a long. Time yet time yet time yet before you keep going I do think it's before you keep going I do think it's. Before you keep going I do think it's worth highlighting worth highlighting . Worth highlighting the original the very first round of scf the original the very first round of scf. The original the very first round of scf do you remember how voting do you remember how voting. Do you remember how voting took place I do I do yes the the very took place I do I do yes the the very. Took place I do I do yes the the very original round of sef we did a vote original round of sef we did a vote. Original round of sef we did a vote in a reddit thread where people just in a reddit thread where people just. In a reddit thread where people just like typed in their like typed in their . Like typed in their their preferences or their votes and we their preferences or their votes and we. Their preferences or their votes and we had to like hand count them had to like hand count them. Had to like hand count them zack hand counted them and I hand zack hand counted them and I hand. Zack hand counted them and I hand counted them and then a community member counted them and then a community member. Counted them and then a community member came up with a script to help count them. Came up with a script to help count them came up with a script to help count them. So we were like so we were like so we were like manually counting comments in a reddit. Manually counting comments in a reddit manually counting comments in a reddit thread so even scf 1.0 has come a long. Thread so even scf 1.0 has come a long thread so even scf 1.0 has come a long way since the very first iteration. Way since the very first iteration way since the very first iteration yeah that's exactly right we're always. Yeah that's exactly right we're always yeah that's exactly right we're always trying to iterate and a lot of it again. Trying to iterate and a lot of it again trying to iterate and a lot of it again like it's not. Like it's not like it's not that something was bad and we're trying that something was bad and we're trying. That something was bad and we're trying to make it good it's that to make it good it's that. To make it good it's that as the ecosystem matures we have more as the ecosystem matures we have more. As the ecosystem matures we have more members more participants members more participants. Members more participants and interest grows necessarily the and interest grows necessarily the. And interest grows necessarily the fund itself needs to change to better fund itself needs to change to better. Fund itself needs to change to better suit and host the kind of growth that suit and host the kind of growth that. Suit and host the kind of growth that we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing a little bit of a fun fact the spc and. A little bit of a fun fact the spc and a little bit of a fun fact the spc and scf is actually where I came from. Scf is actually where I came from scf is actually where I came from my intro to Stellar came from the sbc. My intro to Stellar came from the sbc my intro to Stellar came from the sbc with entries like popcorn color glyph. With entries like popcorn color glyph with entries like popcorn color glyph and Stellar ql. And Stellar ql and Stellar ql and then in the scf I had Stellar and then in the scf I had Stellar. And then in the scf I had Stellar auth and I think so one of the one of the big. And I think so one of the one of the big focuses for me is i've thought about the. Focuses for me is i've thought about the focuses for me is i've thought about the. Redesign of an scf and like where can we redesign of an scf and like where can we. Redesign of an scf and like where can we actually make actually make actually make. Important and meaningful changes important and meaningful changes important and meaningful changes . Is to like the the funding obviously a is to like the the funding obviously a is to like the the funding obviously a. Big focus of that big focus of that big focus of that is the funding right the actual money. Is the funding right the actual money is the funding right the actual money that's handed out. That's handed out that's handed out but Stellar community funding is as but Stellar community funding is as. but Stellar community funding is as much about people and relationships as much about people and relationships as. Much about people and relationships as it is about giving money away if you it is about giving money away if you. It is about giving money away if you talk to talk to talk to winners or or participants that really. Winners or or participants that really winners or or participants that really took the scf. Took the scf took the scf or sbcs seriously a large or sbcs seriously a large or sbcs seriously a large. Majority will say that the relationships majority will say that the relationships. Majority will say that the relationships and feedback and feedback and feedback that they received were actually more. That they received were actually more that they received were actually more valuable than the money that they. Valuable than the money that they valuable than the money that they received the money is obviously helpful. Received the money is obviously helpful received the money is obviously helpful and that's why you're here. And that's why you're here and that's why you're here but a huge part of participating in this. But a huge part of participating in this but a huge part of participating in this. Is also the relationships and the actual is also the relationships and the actual. Is also the relationships and the actual community aspect community aspect community aspect. So sure it's funding yes it's Stellar so sure it's funding yes it's Stellar so sure it's funding yes it's Stellar. But the community aspect is more than but the community aspect is more than but the community aspect is more than. Just just just the world can vote it's also the world the world can vote it's also the world. The world can vote it's also the world can participate can participate can participate. Anybody who's interested in still anybody who's interested in still anybody who's interested in still. Anybody wants to talk about anybody wants to talk about anybody wants to talk about . Fintech and finance and moving money fintech and finance and moving money fintech and finance and moving money. Around and transferring value anybody around and transferring value anybody around and transferring value anybody. That that's interesting to they can that that's interesting to they can that that's interesting to they can. Participate and talk and give feedback participate and talk and give feedback participate and talk and give feedback. And and and find projects that are interesting to find projects that are interesting to. Find projects that are interesting to them and find their place them and find their place. Them and find their place to communicate whether that's competing to communicate whether that's competing. To communicate whether that's competing actually submitting entries actually submitting entries. Actually submitting entries writing documents you know submitting writing documents you know submitting. Writing documents you know submitting with with with events or documentation or actual. Events or documentation or actual events or documentation or actual projects projects. Projects or just combing through entries and or just combing through entries and or just combing through entries and. Seeing which ones you feel like are seeing which ones you feel like are seeing which ones you feel like are. Valuable valuable valuable and interesting and something that and interesting and something that. And interesting and something that should actually receive funding should actually receive funding. Should actually receive funding it's a it's a community fund and being it's a it's a community fund and being. It's a it's a community fund and being able to focus a bit more able to focus a bit more. Able to focus a bit more on that aspect is something that was on that aspect is something that was. On that aspect is something that was really important to me in the redesign really important to me in the redesign. Really important to me in the redesign of the sef is yes the funds are great of the sef is yes the funds are great. Of the sef is yes the funds are great and we need to make sure we do the best and we need to make sure we do the best. And we need to make sure we do the best job possible of allocating those job possible of allocating those. Job possible of allocating those appropriately appropriately appropriately but a community is a huge part of this. But a community is a huge part of this but a community is a huge part of this so making sure the people are still at. So making sure the people are still at so making sure the people are still at the center. The center the center so if I were to summarize kind of the so if I were to summarize kind of the. So if I were to summarize kind of the driving driving driving principle behind the redesign for me. Principle behind the redesign for me principle behind the redesign for me it's the right resources in the right. It's the right resources in the right it's the right resources in the right hands at the right time. Hands at the right time hands at the right time resources being funds as well as resources being funds as well as. Resources being funds as well as feedback feedback feedback right hands being making sure that we're. Right hands being making sure that we're right hands being making sure that we're. Getting these to actual projects getting these to actual projects getting these to actual projects. Making sure the filtering process by making sure the filtering process by making sure the filtering process by. Which entries come in and then get which entries come in and then get which entries come in and then get. Funding that that flow funding that that flow funding that that flow makes sense that nobody's being. Makes sense that nobody's being makes sense that nobody's being overworked overworked. Overworked in the review process that there's this in the review process that there's this. In the review process that there's this little angst and struggle little angst and struggle. Little angst and struggle I mean it is a competition so you're I mean it is a competition so you're. I mean it is a competition so you're going to have going to have going to have. Some of that but combing down on the some of that but combing down on the some of that but combing down on the. Unnecessary pieces of that unnecessary pieces of that unnecessary pieces of that and then at the right time so making. And then at the right time so making and then at the right time so making sure that our our funds. Sure that our our funds sure that our our funds reflect the amount of money for. Reflect the amount of money for reflect the amount of money for the time that the project has spent. The time that the project has spent the time that the project has spent on it and the amount of effort that's. on it and the amount of effort that's on it and the amount of effort that's. Gone in gone in gone in so this to me is really kind of the so this to me is really kind of the. so this to me is really kind of the driving force behind driving force behind driving force behind. the theme of the redesign the theme of the redesign the theme of the redesign. And so with that those who aren't and so with that those who aren't and so with that those who aren't. Familiar with familiar with familiar with the scf currently it's it's a single the scf currently it's it's a single. The scf currently it's it's a single fund fund fund that happens four times a year where. That happens four times a year where that happens four times a year where three million lumens are given out. Three million lumens are given out three million lumens are given out split between eight different. split between eight different split between eight different projects projects. Projects in this new scf 2.0 there are two funds in this new scf 2.0 there are two funds. In this new scf 2.0 there are two funds there's a lab fund and a seed fund the there's a lab fund and a seed fund the. There's a lab fund and a seed fund the lab fund being lab fund being lab fund being. The smaller experimental kind of open the smaller experimental kind of open the smaller experimental kind of open. Source focused source focused source focused documentation events the idea of like. Documentation events the idea of like documentation events the idea of like seo market presence getting the. Seo market presence getting the seo market presence getting the the word out there as well as real. The word out there as well as real the word out there as well as real world's real world stress tests so. World's real world stress tests so world's real world stress tests so building things that maybe aren't. Building things that maybe aren't building things that maybe aren't necessarily perfect for the Stellar use. Necessarily perfect for the Stellar use necessarily perfect for the Stellar use case as it stands but might help stress. Case as it stands but might help stress case as it stands but might help stress test the network. Test the network test the network that would be our lab fund and that that would be our lab fund and that. that would be our lab fund and that is is is 500 000 lumens given out four times per. 500 000 lumens given out four times per 500 000 lumens given out four times per year. Year year split between about 12 different split between about 12 different split between about 12 different. Projects and then we have the seed fund projects and then we have the seed fund projects and then we have the seed fund. The seed fund is for bigger projects the seed fund is for bigger projects the seed fund is for bigger projects. This is to help viable this is to help viable this is to help viable innovative first-mover businesses and. Innovative first-mover businesses and innovative first-mover businesses and utilities. Utilities utilities to get started on Stellar these are to get started on Stellar these are. To get started on Stellar these are projects that we hope will still be projects that we hope will still be. Projects that we hope will still be around around around in the prize pool for that is five. In the prize pool for that is five in the prize pool for that is five million lumens split between three to. Million lumens split between three to million lumens split between three to five projects and that. Five projects and that five projects and that seed fund will happen twice a year seed fund will happen twice a year. Seed fund will happen twice a year and so by splitting these funds I mean and so by splitting these funds I mean. And so by splitting these funds I mean what we see right now in the scf is what we see right now in the scf is. What we see right now in the scf is these two different kinds of entries these two different kinds of entries. These two different kinds of entries larger projects as well as like larger projects as well as like. Larger projects as well as like hackathon type projects hackathon type projects hackathon type projects. And they're both very valuable to the and they're both very valuable to the and they're both very valuable to the. Ecosystem both can generate a lot of ecosystem both can generate a lot of ecosystem both can generate a lot of. Excitement excitement excitement the problem is right now they both the problem is right now they both. The problem is right now they both receive about the same amount of funding receive about the same amount of funding. Receive about the same amount of funding where a lab fund a hackathon project where a lab fund a hackathon project. Where a lab fund a hackathon project really it's it's really it's it's really it's it's. Worth doing it it's worth competing for worth doing it it's worth competing for worth doing it it's worth competing for. A much lower price a much lower price a much lower price and so you'd still be willing to. And so you'd still be willing to and so you'd still be willing to participate whereas in the seed fund if. Participate whereas in the seed fund if participate whereas in the seed fund if you don't get enough money if you don't. You don't get enough money if you don't you don't get enough money if you don't get enough funding it's really hard to. Get enough funding it's really hard to get enough funding it's really hard to keep that project. Keep that project keep that project alive and keep it going and so by alive and keep it going and so by. Alive and keep it going and so by splitting this up into two very specific splitting this up into two very specific. Splitting this up into two very specific and defined funds and defined funds and defined funds. Hopefully you'll know better which one hopefully you'll know better which one hopefully you'll know better which one. Your project fits into your project fits into your project fits into and then you receive the funding that's. And then you receive the funding that's and then you receive the funding that's appropriate more appropriate for. Appropriate more appropriate for appropriate more appropriate for the kind of project that you have I will. The kind of project that you have I will the kind of project that you have I will. Say that this say that this say that this necessarily means that we also have to necessarily means that we also have to. Necessarily means that we also have to introduce introduce introduce a brand new component really two. A brand new component really two a brand new component really two components but maybe one's more of an. Components but maybe one's more of an components but maybe one's more of an update but. Update but update but we need to introduce the idea of panel we need to introduce the idea of panel. We need to introduce the idea of panel of judges as well as an update to our of judges as well as an update to our. Of judges as well as an update to our voting mechanism voting mechanism voting mechanism. So we have a voting mechanism right now so we have a voting mechanism right now so we have a voting mechanism right now. and we and we and we technically have a panel of judges but technically have a panel of judges but. Technically have a panel of judges but right now it's the whole wide world right now it's the whole wide world. Right now it's the whole wide world it's the whole community and it's the whole community and . It's the whole community and so let's say we have 20 entries that so let's say we have 20 entries that. So let's say we have 20 entries that come in how do we narrow that down to come in how do we narrow that down to. Come in how do we narrow that down to like a final entry say with 300 entries like a final entry say with 300 entries. Like a final entry say with 300 entries come in how do we narrow that down come in how do we narrow that down. Come in how do we narrow that down to some sort of manageable list that a to some sort of manageable list that a. To some sort of manageable list that a final final final voting round can happen where a. voting round can happen where a voting round can happen where a reasonable reasonable. Reasonable amount of funds can be allocated and amount of funds can be allocated and. Amount of funds can be allocated and there's not a lot of voter fatigue there's not a lot of voter fatigue. There's not a lot of voter fatigue with having to comb through 300 with having to comb through 300. with having to comb through 300 different entries the problem right now different entries the problem right now. Different entries the problem right now is that the community the same community is that the community the same community. Is that the community the same community technically will will vote in both of technically will will vote in both of. Technically will will vote in both of those those those so you're voting once you're picking all. So you're voting once you're picking all so you're voting once you're picking all. The projects you're combing through lots the projects you're combing through lots. The projects you're combing through lots of entries of entries of entries and then you kind of have to do a whole. And then you kind of have to do a whole and then you kind of have to do a whole thing over again in the final round. Thing over again in the final round thing over again in the final round so you narrow down and then you you have. So you narrow down and then you you have so you narrow down and then you you have. A final vote to allocate funds a final vote to allocate funds a final vote to allocate funds. In this new scf 2.0 we're removing or in this new scf 2.0 we're removing or in this new scf 2.0 we're removing or. Really really really splitting that so there'll be a panel of splitting that so there'll be a panel of. Splitting that so there'll be a panel of judges which is a very select group judges which is a very select group. Judges which is a very select group of community members who have of community members who have . Of community members who have dedicated a lot of time and effort and dedicated a lot of time and effort and. Dedicated a lot of time and effort and energy energy energy into Stellar building on Stellar so they. Into Stellar building on Stellar so they into Stellar building on Stellar so they. Maybe have won spcs or scfs in the past maybe have won spcs or scfs in the past maybe have won spcs or scfs in the past. They might be part of the infrastructure they might be part of the infrastructure. They might be part of the infrastructure grants or the enterprise fund people grants or the enterprise fund people. Grants or the enterprise fund people that are really core that are really core that are really core. To the Stellar ecosystem as well as a to the Stellar ecosystem as well as a to the Stellar ecosystem as well as a. Few sdf few sdf few sdf employees like myself colton zack anka employees like myself colton zack anka. Employees like myself colton zack anka and others and then those the the the and others and then those the the the. And others and then those the the the role of the panel of judges will be to role of the panel of judges will be to. Role of the panel of judges will be to filter through all of the entries that filter through all of the entries that. Filter through all of the entries that come in for either the seed of the lab come in for either the seed of the lab. Come in for either the seed of the lab fund fund fund and narrow that down to a final list. And narrow that down to a final list and narrow that down to a final list that they feel is. That they feel is that they feel is of highest quality and then those of highest quality and then those. Of highest quality and then those finalists will make it into the finalists will make it into the. Finalists will make it into the community community community round voting which is this flaggable. Round voting which is this flaggable round voting which is this flaggable quadratic voting. Quadratic voting quadratic voting and with this we're really trying to add and with this we're really trying to add. And with this we're really trying to add velocity or add velocity or add velocity or add . Sentiment to a community vote right now sentiment to a community vote right now sentiment to a community vote right now. It's very one-sided it's very one-sided it's very one-sided where or at least it's very static. Where or at least it's very static where or at least it's very static where when you have a vote you can say i. Where when you have a vote you can say I where when you have a vote you can say i. Like this project this project like this project this project like this project this project. And this project there's no intensity and this project there's no intensity and this project there's no intensity. You can't say I really like this project you can't say I really like this project. You can't say I really like this project or or or I kind of like this project or even i. I kind of like this project or even I kind of like this project or even I really don't like this project. Really don't like this project really don't like this project all of those sentiments are quite. All of those sentiments are quite all of those sentiments are quite important to ensuring that. Important to ensuring that important to ensuring that the actual amount of lumens the the. The actual amount of lumens the the the actual amount of lumens the the voting power. Voting power voting power allows the sentiment or that that allows the sentiment or that that. allows the sentiment or that that curve curve curve to most closely represent the actual. To most closely represent the actual to most closely represent the actual community sentiment that's. Community sentiment that's community sentiment that's participating in that voting round and. Participating in that voting round and participating in that voting round and we're hoping that through this flaggable. We're hoping that through this flaggable we're hoping that through this flaggable. Quadratic voting that we can achieve quadratic voting that we can achieve quadratic voting that we can achieve. That that that this is kind of more of the the this is kind of more of the the. this is kind of more of the the technical aspect of this talk and technical aspect of this talk and. Technical aspect of this talk and colton is actually he's the one who sold colton is actually he's the one who sold. Colton is actually he's the one who sold me on the idea of quadratic voting and me on the idea of quadratic voting and. Me on the idea of quadratic voting and I'm going to hand it over to him for a I'm going to hand it over to him for a. I'm going to hand it over to him for a little bit I'm going to bring up a little bit I'm going to bring up a. Little bit I'm going to bring up a screen here with a demo screen here with a demo. Screen here with a demo of quadratic voting and then just of quadratic voting and then just. Of quadratic voting and then just kind of let him kind of let him kind of let him. Explain where we stumbled upon quadratic explain where we stumbled upon quadratic. Explain where we stumbled upon quadratic voting voting voting how we've implemented ourselves and why. How we've implemented ourselves and why how we've implemented ourselves and why we think it's worth trying. We think it's worth trying we think it's worth trying yeah so we kind of came across quadratic. Yeah so we kind of came across quadratic yeah so we kind of came across quadratic. Voting when voting when voting when looking at how the sort of ethereum looking at how the sort of ethereum. looking at how the sort of ethereum ecosystem handles funding ecosystem handles funding. Ecosystem handles funding in particular a project on ethereum in particular a project on ethereum. in particular a project on ethereum called git coin called git coin called git coin. they have this sort of funding they have this sort of funding they have this sort of funding. Mechanism called quadratic funding mechanism called quadratic funding mechanism called quadratic funding. Which is another flavor of sort of which is another flavor of sort of which is another flavor of sort of. Quadratic voting where quadratic voting where quadratic voting where basically they allow a group of people. Basically they allow a group of people basically they allow a group of people to make donations to a project. To make donations to a project to make donations to a project you basically take this square root. You basically take this square root you basically take this square root of each project or each donation you. Of each project or each donation you of each project or each donation you like add them all together and then you. Like add them all together and then you like add them all together and then you square that and you kind of get a. Square that and you kind of get a square that and you kind of get a matching number for that poll of. Matching number for that poll of matching number for that poll of donations donations. Donations and so we kind of borrowed from that and so we kind of borrowed from that. And so we kind of borrowed from that idea idea idea and took the sort of original iteration. And took the sort of original iteration and took the sort of original iteration of quadratic funding. Of quadratic funding of quadratic funding which is ultimately quadratic voting and. Which is ultimately quadratic voting and which is ultimately quadratic voting and. Like tyler was saying like tyler was saying like tyler was saying this idea of quadratic voting allows you. This idea of quadratic voting allows you this idea of quadratic voting allows you. To to to specify intensity towards your specify intensity towards your specify intensity towards your. Preference of a boat preference of a boat preference of a boat so in a traditional voting system where. So in a traditional voting system where so in a traditional voting system where it's just one person one boat. It's just one person one boat it's just one person one boat you have this problem where when you're. You have this problem where when you're you have this problem where when you're voting for multiple projects. Voting for multiple projects voting for multiple projects you can't express how positively or. You can't express how positively or you can't express how positively or negatively. Negatively negatively you feel about that project and we you feel about that project and we. You feel about that project and we thought you know what since we're doing thought you know what since we're doing. Thought you know what since we're doing this this this community boat we want experts in the. Community boat we want experts in the community boat we want experts in the community to be able to double down on. Community to be able to double down on community to be able to double down on projects they really like. Projects they really like projects they really like we want people who are avid users of a. We want people who are avid users of a we want people who are avid users of a project to double down on projects they. Project to double down on projects they project to double down on projects they really like. Really like really like but we also want people to be able to but we also want people to be able to. But we also want people to be able to give super valid opinions give super valid opinions. Give super valid opinions about projects they really like so if about projects they really like so if. About projects they really like so if they think something is over performing they think something is over performing. They think something is over performing then they can also downvote then they can also downvote. Then they can also downvote that project which I think tyler will that project which I think tyler will. That project which I think tyler will show in this demo here so i'll kind of show in this demo here so i'll kind of. Show in this demo here so i'll kind of let you show how it works and it's much let you show how it works and it's much. Let you show how it works and it's much more intuitive once more intuitive once more intuitive once. You kind of start clicking around and you kind of start clicking around and you kind of start clicking around and. Get a feel for how the voting mechanism get a feel for how the voting mechanism get a feel for how the voting mechanism. Works works works but we we have a better explainer on but we we have a better explainer on. but we we have a better explainer on the website and we also the website and we also. The website and we also have some resources we can provide for have some resources we can provide for. Have some resources we can provide for anybody who wants to anybody who wants to anybody who wants to. Sort of hear it out or learn more about sort of hear it out or learn more about sort of hear it out or learn more about. It yeah absolutely it yeah absolutely it yeah absolutely yep and I think it's worth mentioning. Yep and I think it's worth mentioning yep and I think it's worth mentioning too like this is an experiment. Too like this is an experiment too like this is an experiment in a sense because I mean colin. In a sense because I mean colin in a sense because I mean colin remind you every single time that. Remind you every single time that remind you every single time that like we're trying this I think it's. like we're trying this I think it's like we're trying this I think it's gonna be fantastic we'll see. Gonna be fantastic we'll see gonna be fantastic we'll see that's the beauty of the scf is we. that's the beauty of the scf is we that's the beauty of the scf is we get to iterate and make improvements and. Get to iterate and make improvements and get to iterate and make improvements and. Really see what works and what doesn't really see what works and what doesn't really see what works and what doesn't. But to kind of go through a demo here but to kind of go through a demo here . But to kind of go through a demo here ultimately there's a prize pool right so. Ultimately there's a prize pool right so ultimately there's a prize pool right so. You've got an amount of money you've got an amount of money you've got an amount of money. That's being allocated by percentage that's being allocated by percentage that's being allocated by percentage. Vote so vote so vote so as votes are given for or against as votes are given for or against. As votes are given for or against a project their percentage compared to a project their percentage compared to. A project their percentage compared to other projects changes and that other projects changes and that. Other projects changes and that necessarily means the amount of prize necessarily means the amount of prize. Necessarily means the amount of prize money money money that they're winning changes and this is. That they're winning changes and this is that they're winning changes and this is. Something that we really want to something that we really want to something that we really want to. Highlight highlight highlight in the new voting design which by the in the new voting design which by the. In the new voting design which by the way this is a demo this isn't way this is a demo this isn't. Way this is a demo this isn't actually what the voting site looks like actually what the voting site looks like. Actually what the voting site looks like but this is a this is a good demo very but this is a this is a good demo very. But this is a this is a good demo very clean clean clean and I hope it will help kind of allow. And I hope it will help kind of allow and I hope it will help kind of allow you to play around with what you have. You to play around with what you have you to play around with what you have in quadratic voting but as you have. In quadratic voting but as you have in quadratic voting but as you have like let's say we really like this. Like let's say we really like this like let's say we really like this unbranded wooden soap project and we. Unbranded wooden soap project and we unbranded wooden soap project and we would like to give it some. Would like to give it some would like to give it some some votes we would like to say I like. Some votes we would like to say I like some votes we would like to say I like this project if you give it a single. This project if you give it a single this project if you give it a single vote vote. Vote you'll see right here by that by adding you'll see right here by that by adding. You'll see right here by that by adding a single vote you're going to give it a single vote you're going to give it. A single vote you're going to give it 27.69 27.69 27.69 and so that is going to increase this. And so that is going to increase this and so that is going to increase this number by that 27. Number by that 27 number by that 27 to get us to this number you've added to get us to this number you've added. To get us to this number you've added 27.69 but that 2769 27.69 but that 2769 27.69 but that 2769. Has to come from somewhere and it came has to come from somewhere and it came has to come from somewhere and it came. From from from all these other projects 227 from here all these other projects 227 from here. All these other projects 227 from here 30 bucks and and two pennies from 30 bucks and and two pennies from. 30 bucks and and two pennies from this project and this project and this project and. Like that's how you can kind of upvote like that's how you can kind of upvote like that's how you can kind of upvote. Download you can download you can download you can sort of take money from other projects. Sort of take money from other projects sort of take money from other projects and allocate it here but it's important. And allocate it here but it's important and allocate it here but it's important to understand. To understand to understand that that's what's happening as you that that's what's happening as you. That that's what's happening as you start to add votes to a project start to add votes to a project. Start to add votes to a project really you start with this number of really you start with this number of. Really you start with this number of credits and then as you vote credits and then as you vote. Credits and then as you vote those credits are burnt and the those credits are burnt and the. Those credits are burnt and the quadratic the the scaling part of this quadratic the the scaling part of this. Quadratic the the scaling part of this happens is you start to upvote or happens is you start to upvote or. Happens is you start to upvote or downvote a particular project multiple downvote a particular project multiple. Downvote a particular project multiple times so if I click this again times so if I click this again. Times so if I click this again it's going to be two votes but two times it's going to be two votes but two times. It's going to be two votes but two times two is four two is four two is four and so it's going to burn four. And so it's going to burn four and so it's going to burn four credits so we voted twice but we've. Credits so we voted twice but we've credits so we voted twice but we've burned burned. Burned four credits so what that means is as four credits so what that means is as. Four credits so what that means is as you start to click on this project more you start to click on this project more. You start to click on this project more we voted five times but five times five we voted five times but five times five. We voted five times but five times five is 25 so we've burned is 25 so we've burned. Is 25 so we've burned 25 credits voting for this project five 25 credits voting for this project five. 25 credits voting for this project five times times times if we start voting for other projects. If we start voting for other projects if we start voting for other projects let's say I also really like this. Let's say I also really like this let's say I also really like this refined cotton shoes. Refined cotton shoes refined cotton shoes I'm a big cotton shoes fan myself we I'm a big cotton shoes fan myself we. I'm a big cotton shoes fan myself we don't want this project to lose its don't want this project to lose its. Don't want this project to lose its 27.76 so we need to make sure we get 27.76 so we need to make sure we get. 27.76 so we need to make sure we get that back up that back up that back up and so we're going to start to add a. And so we're going to start to add a and so we're going to start to add a little bit of money back to this project. Little bit of money back to this project little bit of money back to this project. So that this one comes up so that this one comes up so that this one comes up and so we've added 661 to this and 24. And so we've added 661 to this and 24. And so we've added 661 to this and 24. Now we haven't necessarily like now we haven't necessarily like now we haven't necessarily like. It's still coming from the same pool it's still coming from the same pool it's still coming from the same pool. It's just allocating from all these it's just allocating from all these it's just allocating from all these. Other ones taking money from those other ones taking money from those other ones taking money from those. Projects projects projects and putting it back in there but you can and putting it back in there but you can. And putting it back in there but you can in real time start to see how your votes. In real time start to see how your votes in real time start to see how your votes. Directly affect the outcome as it stands directly affect the outcome as it stands. Directly affect the outcome as it stands when you're voting when you're voting when you're voting. And you have these credits that you can and you have these credits that you can and you have these credits that you can. Start to burn but instead of it just start to burn but instead of it just start to burn but instead of it just. Being static being static being static five and two it scales quadratically five and two it scales quadratically. Five and two it scales quadratically so that you can't overpower so that you can't overpower. So that you can't overpower a vote in a particular direction a vote in a particular direction. A vote in a particular direction and you allow that that sentiment and you allow that that sentiment. And you allow that that sentiment again again again to to translate much more closely to. To to translate much more closely to to to translate much more closely to the the way that people would actually. The the way that people would actually the the way that people would actually vote and actually share their sentiment. Vote and actually share their sentiment vote and actually share their sentiment if you were to. If you were to if you were to poll a community another thing that I poll a community another thing that i. Poll a community another thing that I think is really important again this is think is really important again this is. Think is really important again this is this is static this is standard this is static this is standard. This is static this is standard quadratic quadratic quadratic voting but you might start to see a. Voting but you might start to see a voting but you might start to see a problem here and this is. Problem here and this is problem here and this is this starts to get into a little bit of. This starts to get into a little bit of this starts to get into a little bit of the issues that you find when you. The issues that you find when you the issues that you find when you are giving away money in the public is. Are giving away money in the public is are giving away money in the public is manipulation. Manipulation manipulation and there's lots you can do and there's lots you can do . And there's lots you can do when you're registering accounts like when you're registering accounts like. when you're registering accounts like you make sure you have accounts you make sure you have accounts. You make sure you have accounts that are voting are using a system that are voting are using a system. That are voting are using a system that's not free to create like that's not free to create like . That's not free to create like in our system we're using SMS in our system we're using SMS. In our system we're using SMS verification so you have to have a phone verification so you have to have a phone. Verification so you have to have a phone that can receive SMS messages to be able. That can receive SMS messages to be able that can receive SMS messages to be able. To vote in the past we've used key base to vote in the past we've used key base to vote in the past we've used key base. Which has which has which has some ability to to find who's voting to some ability to to find who's voting to. Some ability to to find who's voting to decide like to make a decision on decide like to make a decision on. Decide like to make a decision on whether or not whether or not whether or not you believe them to be a legitimate. you believe them to be a legitimate you believe them to be a legitimate individual human being that doesn't have. Individual human being that doesn't have individual human being that doesn't have. A lot of copies of themselves in the a lot of copies of themselves in the a lot of copies of themselves in the. Database database database that's voting but manipulation out in that's voting but manipulation out in. That's voting but manipulation out in the public is is quite difficult the public is is quite difficult. The public is is quite difficult to do in the sbc right we just had a to do in the sbc right we just had a. To do in the sbc right we just had a panel of judges that would panel of judges that would. Panel of judges that would pick the projects who we were we were pick the projects who we were we were. Pick the projects who we were we were sure were we knew who they were sure were we knew who they were. Sure were we knew who they were but when you open that up and you say but when you open that up and you say. But when you open that up and you say well let's let's open this up to a real well let's let's open this up to a real. Well let's let's open this up to a real community vote it's great until the word community vote it's great until the word. Community vote it's great until the word starts to get out and you start to see starts to get out and you start to see. Starts to get out and you start to see wow we can actually win a lot of money wow we can actually win a lot of money. Wow we can actually win a lot of money and the manipulation and the manipulation and the manipulation. Becomes much more worth it becomes much more worth it becomes much more worth it and if you don't increase the friction. And if you don't increase the friction and if you don't increase the friction if you don't add a layer of friction. If you don't add a layer of friction if you don't add a layer of friction then that manipulation will just start. Then that manipulation will just start then that manipulation will just start to scale and that's really what we've. To scale and that's really what we've to scale and that's really what we've seen in the past particularly two scfs. Seen in the past particularly two scfs seen in the past particularly two scfs four and five and really really strongly. Four and five and really really strongly four and five and really really strongly. In five you can go back and read our in five you can go back and read our in five you can go back and read our. Post-mortem on post-mortem on post-mortem on scf5 where voter manipulation just kind. Scf5 where voter manipulation just kind scf5 where voter manipulation just kind of blew out of control and we knew this. Of blew out of control and we knew this of blew out of control and we knew this was going to be the case because we were. Was going to be the case because we were was going to be the case because we were. Using key base and it's free using key base and it's free using key base and it's free. To create a key base account and so once to create a key base account and so once. To create a key base account and so once people start to get the word people start to get the word. People start to get the word like i'll just create a free key base like i'll just create a free key base. Like i'll just create a free key base account start using that to vote account start using that to vote. Account start using that to vote and so you have to find ways to and so you have to find ways to. And so you have to find ways to counteract that and so circling all the counteract that and so circling all the. Counteract that and so circling all the way back way back way back to quadratic voting it's not enough to. To quadratic voting it's not enough to to quadratic voting it's not enough to just allow. Just allow just allow kind of sentiment changes you also need kind of sentiment changes you also need. Kind of sentiment changes you also need the ability to sort of flag things so if the ability to sort of flag things so if. The ability to sort of flag things so if a particular project is a particular project is. A particular project is way over performing or underperforming way over performing or underperforming. Way over performing or underperforming what you believe they should what you believe they should. What you believe they should like let's say this project down here like let's say this project down here . Like let's say this project down here well let's say a refined granite chair well let's say a refined granite chair. Well let's say a refined granite chair just it's taking off we like this is just it's taking off we like this is. Just it's taking off we like this is they their website doesn't even work why they their website doesn't even work why. They their website doesn't even work why is this project doing so well is this project doing so well. Is this project doing so well you might be tempted to use all of your you might be tempted to use all of your. You might be tempted to use all of your credits right 10 times 10 is 100 credits credits right 10 times 10 is 100 credits. Credits right 10 times 10 is 100 credits to to burn and try and get them down to to burn and try and get them down. To to burn and try and get them down from where you believe you know they from where you believe you know they. from where you believe you know they shouldn't get this much like they don't shouldn't get this much like they don't. Shouldn't get this much like they don't have anything why are they getting this have anything why are they getting this. Have anything why are they getting this much much much but the problem is by downvoting them 10. But the problem is by downvoting them 10 but the problem is by downvoting them 10. Times you haven't really affected the times you haven't really affected the times you haven't really affected the. Vote at all you've just tried to vote at all you've just tried to vote at all you've just tried to. Counteract counteract counteract the bad acting that they that you the bad acting that they that you. the bad acting that they that you believe that they're doing believe that they're doing. Believe that they're doing and so a better alternative is adding and so a better alternative is adding. And so a better alternative is adding this this this idea of flaggable quadratic voting where. Idea of flaggable quadratic voting where idea of flaggable quadratic voting where. Rather than using all your credits to rather than using all your credits to rather than using all your credits to. Counteract a bad actor counteract a bad actor counteract a bad actor you just put a sentiment so I want it to. You just put a sentiment so I want it to you just put a sentiment so I want it to. Go up I feel like this is go up I feel like this is go up I feel like this is under performing like somebody's. Under performing like somebody's under performing like somebody's attacking this project and down voting. Attacking this project and down voting attacking this project and down voting it and they shouldn't. It and they shouldn't it and they shouldn't and then I'm going to use 16 credits in. And then I'm going to use 16 credits in and then I'm going to use 16 credits in this case. This case this case to add a flag that basically just says to add a flag that basically just says. To add a flag that basically just says hey moderators can you please take a hey moderators can you please take a. Hey moderators can you please take a look at this something's fishy look at this something's fishy. Look at this something's fishy and you could also go in the other and you could also go in the other. And you could also go in the other direction too you say this is way over direction too you say this is way over. Direction too you say this is way over performing performing performing I think somebody needs to take a look at. I think somebody needs to take a look at I think somebody needs to take a look at. This the the panel needs to take another this the the panel needs to take another. This the the panel needs to take another look something's fishy with this look something's fishy with this. Look something's fishy with this but now you've only burned a few credits but now you've only burned a few credits. But now you've only burned a few credits to make that flag and you still have in to make that flag and you still have in. To make that flag and you still have in this case 83 left this case 83 left this case 83 left. To just carry about your normal business to just carry about your normal business. To just carry about your normal business of upvoting of upvoting of upvoting and down voting other projects as you. And down voting other projects as you and down voting other projects as you please so rather than having to spend. Please so rather than having to spend please so rather than having to spend all of your credits. All of your credits all of your credits on counteracting bad actors you can just on counteracting bad actors you can just. On counteracting bad actors you can just flag it flag it flag it the panel will take a look at it and you. The panel will take a look at it and you the panel will take a look at it and you. Don't have to worry about it anymore you don't have to worry about it anymore you. Don't have to worry about it anymore you can carry on with your vote I think can carry on with your vote I think. Can carry on with your vote I think that's really important that's really important. That's really important in the iteration process of figuring in the iteration process of figuring. in the iteration process of figuring out the best way to have an open out the best way to have an open. Out the best way to have an open community community community fund where you are giving away a. Fund where you are giving away a fund where you are giving away a relative relative. Relative relatively large amount of money and relatively large amount of money and. Relatively large amount of money and manipulation is going to happen it's manipulation is going to happen it's. Manipulation is going to happen it's just how do we counteract that just how do we counteract that. Just how do we counteract that and how do we allow the community to and how do we allow the community to. And how do we allow the community to take part in fighting against that so take part in fighting against that so. Take part in fighting against that so that the fund is that the fund is that the fund is. the easiest the lowest friction but the easiest the lowest friction but the easiest the lowest friction but. Also incredibly fair also incredibly fair also incredibly fair and well run and as time goes on we'll. And well run and as time goes on we'll and well run and as time goes on we'll see how this works. See how this works see how this works and we'll make changes as necessary yeah and we'll make changes as necessary yeah. And we'll make changes as necessary yeah and we have a we have a couple questions. And we have a we have a couple questions and we have a we have a couple questions. Coming in about this so coming in about this so coming in about this so one of them is can you recast votes. one of them is can you recast votes one of them is can you recast votes and the answer is. And the answer is and the answer is yes until you like submit your final yes until you like submit your final. Yes until you like submit your final vote right so you'll be able to kind of vote right so you'll be able to kind of. Vote right so you'll be able to kind of dynamically adjust your votes dynamically adjust your votes. Dynamically adjust your votes however you want throughout the system however you want throughout the system. However you want throughout the system so say say you upvoted so say say you upvoted. So say say you upvoted one or two projects and you decide to one or two projects and you decide to. one or two projects and you decide to change your mind change your mind change your mind. Before you submit you'll be able to do before you submit you'll be able to do before you submit you'll be able to do. That like it's not set in stone until that like it's not set in stone until that like it's not set in stone until. Yeah it's not click submit yeah it's not click submit yeah it's not click submit that's a really good question it's. That's a really good question it's that's a really good question it's something i've kind of gone back and. Something i've kind of gone back and something i've kind of gone back and forth on could you like update votes. Forth on could you like update votes forth on could you like update votes so there's two kind of problems that. so there's two kind of problems that so there's two kind of problems that I see with that one if you're able to. I see with that one if you're able to I see with that one if you're able to like update votes. Like update votes like update votes essentially you would make a change and essentially you would make a change and. Essentially you would make a change and then that changes public to anybody else then that changes public to anybody else. Then that changes public to anybody else that's also voting that's also voting that's also voting. And in the case of a bad actor you could and in the case of a bad actor you could. And in the case of a bad actor you could create a bunch of fake accounts create a bunch of fake accounts. Create a bunch of fake accounts really skew up the vote and then kind of really skew up the vote and then kind of. Really skew up the vote and then kind of reactively go back and change all of reactively go back and change all of. Reactively go back and change all of that you know like remove all your votes that you know like remove all your votes. That you know like remove all your votes or update your votes in a particular or update your votes in a particular. Or update your votes in a particular direction and direction and direction and now it's not all that helpful and so. Now it's not all that helpful and so now it's not all that helpful and so I don't think being able to update. I don't think being able to update I don't think being able to update your votes is all that . Your votes is all that your votes is all that necessary I think would probably do more. Necessary I think would probably do more necessary I think would probably do more. Damage than it would do damage than it would do damage than it would do good the issue then obviously is well if. Good the issue then obviously is well if good the issue then obviously is well if. I if I'm allocating my funds I if I'm allocating my funds I if I'm allocating my funds. But then the project changes but then the project changes but then the project changes. Significantly it gets a lot more votes significantly it gets a lot more votes significantly it gets a lot more votes. Than it did when I voted then maybe I than it did when I voted then maybe I than it did when I voted then maybe i. Should just wait to vote to the very should just wait to vote to the very should just wait to vote to the very. Last minute last minute last minute and I think we'll have to see that and I think we'll have to see that. And I think we'll have to see that because I don't really want people to because I don't really want people to. Because I don't really want people to wait until the very last minute to vote wait until the very last minute to vote. Wait until the very last minute to vote but I don't I don't think in general but I don't I don't think in general. but I don't I don't think in general that's going to happen it's just that's going to happen it's just. That's going to happen it's just something we'll have to evaluate and I something we'll have to evaluate and i. Something we'll have to evaluate and I feel like feel like feel like the way we've done it now is probably. The way we've done it now is probably the way we've done it now is probably the best way to start and then we just. The best way to start and then we just the best way to start and then we just have to see what happens. Have to see what happens have to see what happens through the first like lab and seed. Through the first like lab and seed through the first like lab and seed funds and then if adjustments are. Funds and then if adjustments are funds and then if adjustments are needed either on updates or like the. Needed either on updates or like the needed either on updates or like the frequency that you can make updates or. Frequency that you can make updates or frequency that you can make updates or I don't know there's different. I don't know there's different I don't know there's different parameters you can add that might . Parameters you can add that might parameters you can add that might help with some of the pros and cons. Help with some of the pros and cons help with some of the pros and cons of either one of those options yeah i. Of either one of those options yeah I of either one of those options yeah I don't think retro. Don't think retro don't think retro like going back and changing a vote like going back and changing a vote. Like going back and changing a vote after you submit it will after you submit it will. After you submit it will really ever be like a viable option but really ever be like a viable option but. Really ever be like a viable option but you'll be able to do it before you you'll be able to do it before you. You'll be able to do it before you submit the other one submit the other one. Submit the other one are there any features built in to are there any features built in to. Are there any features built in to prevent flag spamming prevent flag spamming prevent flag spamming. not I don't think not in the ui or not I don't think not in the ui or not I don't think not in the ui or. Anything like that there's nothing to anything like that there's nothing to anything like that there's nothing to. Prevent it like prevent it like prevent it like ultimately if people flag spam that. Ultimately if people flag spam that ultimately if people flag spam that doesn't guarantee that a project will be. Doesn't guarantee that a project will be doesn't guarantee that a project will be. Disqualified or anything like that it's disqualified or anything like that it's disqualified or anything like that it's. More of just like a more of just like a more of just like a hey you guys really need to take a look. Hey you guys really need to take a look hey you guys really need to take a look at this so if there's one particular. At this so if there's one particular at this so if there's one particular like say one project. Like say one project like say one project gets one flag response it probably gets one flag response it probably. Gets one flag response it probably won't get looked at but if it gets 20 won't get looked at but if it gets 20. Won't get looked at but if it gets 20 flag responses then it'll probably end flag responses then it'll probably end. Flag responses then it'll probably end up getting looked at up getting looked at up getting looked at. and if somebody is just flag spamming and if somebody is just flag spamming. and if somebody is just flag spamming and there's no obvious manipulation and there's no obvious manipulation. And there's no obvious manipulation taking place and they just taking place and they just. Taking place and they just won't be disqualified or anything like won't be disqualified or anything like. Won't be disqualified or anything like that yeah and that's that yeah and that's that yeah and that's. A it's a really good question and I a it's a really good question and I a it's a really good question and i. Think think think hopefully a good answer to that is that hopefully a good answer to that is that. Hopefully a good answer to that is that flags don't actually affect flags don't actually affect. Flags don't actually affect the prize allocation it's just a flag the prize allocation it's just a flag. The prize allocation it's just a flag you have to spend you have to spend you have to spend. Credits to flag things so you can't flag credits to flag things so you can't flag. Credits to flag things so you can't flag every project you can only flag every project you can only flag. Every project you can only flag up to one less than half or I think up to one less than half or I think. Up to one less than half or I think maybe one more than half maybe one more than half. Maybe one more than half of the projects when when you're of the projects when when you're. Of the projects when when you're actually making a flag but flags don't actually making a flag but flags don't. Actually making a flag but flags don't count count count for a positive or a negative when it. For a positive or a negative when it for a positive or a negative when it comes to the final prize allocation it's. Comes to the final prize allocation it's comes to the final prize allocation it's. Just like hey take a look at this just like hey take a look at this just like hey take a look at this. This this one vote will count towards a this this one vote will count towards a this this one vote will count towards a. Positive and so you can add more positive and so you can add more positive and so you can add more. Positivity if you're like well positivity if you're like well positivity if you're like well. If this doesn't get improved I want to if this doesn't get improved I want to if this doesn't get improved I want to. Make sure that they get something make sure that they get something make sure that they get something. like you could do that but at the end like you could do that but at the end. like you could do that but at the end of the day the flag doesn't really do of the day the flag doesn't really do. Of the day the flag doesn't really do anything as far as changing the vote anything as far as changing the vote. Anything as far as changing the vote like nobody else is going to see like nobody else is going to see. Like nobody else is going to see projects that have been flagged it's projects that have been flagged it's. Projects that have been flagged it's just a note to the panels to the jud the just a note to the panels to the jud the. Just a note to the panels to the jud the panel of judges for that round panel of judges for that round. Panel of judges for that round that something might be fishy and that something might be fishy and. That something might be fishy and somebody needs to take a look at this somebody needs to take a look at this. Somebody needs to take a look at this this entry this entry this entry all right let me double check make sure. All right let me double check make sure all right let me double check make sure I did not miss anything. Okay I think we're good on like the okay I think we're good on like the specifics of. Specifics of specifics of quadratic voting the other did we did we quadratic voting the other did we did we. Quadratic voting the other did we did we touch on why we think like linear touch on why we think like linear. Touch on why we think like linear distribution is not ideal distribution is not ideal. Distribution is not ideal and we did not call them would you like and we did not call them would you like. And we did not call them would you like to to to wax eloquently sure let's talk about. Wax eloquently sure let's talk about wax eloquently sure let's talk about linear distributions. Linear distributions linear distributions so one of the big pro you know and we so one of the big pro you know and we. So one of the big pro you know and we call it a problem but it's easy to say call it a problem but it's easy to say. Call it a problem but it's easy to say this in hindsight but one of the big this in hindsight but one of the big. This in hindsight but one of the big problems we identified with problems we identified with. Problems we identified with the current model of scf is that the the current model of scf is that the. The current model of scf is that the distribution of funds is really linear distribution of funds is really linear. Distribution of funds is really linear right like if you look at it on a graph right like if you look at it on a graph. Right like if you look at it on a graph it looks like something like that it looks like something like that. It looks like something like that but the big problem with that is that but the big problem with that is that. But the big problem with that is that the the the complexity of any given project in a. complexity of any given project in a complexity of any given project in a round can be very different so like. Round can be very different so like round can be very different so like a project that gets second place and one. A project that gets second place and one a project that gets second place and one. Round could be like a full-on business round could be like a full-on business round could be like a full-on business. And the project that gets second place and the project that gets second place and the project that gets second place. And another round could be like a and another round could be like a and another round could be like a. Hackathon project and if you have this hackathon project and if you have this hackathon project and if you have this. Linear distribution of funds linear distribution of funds linear distribution of funds. That means those two projects got the that means those two projects got the that means those two projects got the. Same amount of money same amount of money same amount of money just based on which round they submitted. Just based on which round they submitted just based on which round they submitted. This isn't ideal this isn't ideal this isn't ideal obviously because those projects are of. Obviously because those projects are of obviously because those projects are of varying quality they need different. Varying quality they need different varying quality they need different amounts of money to function properly. Amounts of money to function properly amounts of money to function properly they need different amounts of money to. They need different amounts of money to they need different amounts of money to scale up properly. Scale up properly scale up properly so we had a the reason we consider so we had a the reason we consider. So we had a the reason we consider quadratic voting is that quadratic voting is that. Quadratic voting is that the community can kind of decide okay the community can kind of decide okay. The community can kind of decide okay look this look this look this project is it needs way more money than. Project is it needs way more money than project is it needs way more money than the project next to it in the. The project next to it in the the project next to it in the competition competition. Competition and so we can allocate our votes and so we can allocate our votes and so we can allocate our votes. Proportionately and get them more money proportionately and get them more money proportionately and get them more money. In the current voting system you just in the current voting system you just in the current voting system you just. Literally can't do that literally can't do that literally can't do that so we wanted it to be more dynamic. so we wanted it to be more dynamic so we wanted it to be more dynamic somebody just asked another question. Somebody just asked another question somebody just asked another question sorry that distracted me anyway so we. Sorry that distracted me anyway so we sorry that distracted me anyway so we wanted the allocation of funds to be. Wanted the allocation of funds to be wanted the allocation of funds to be more dynamic. More dynamic more dynamic to be able to fit the needs of the to be able to fit the needs of the. To be able to fit the needs of the projects who were submitted and allow projects who were submitted and allow. Projects who were submitted and allow the community to the community to the community to. Fit those needs with their vote as well fit those needs with their vote as well fit those needs with their vote as well. Yeah yep absolutely and I think like a yeah yep absolutely and I think like a yeah yep absolutely and I think like a. Linear when you don't have linear when you don't have linear when you don't have a quadratic system or you don't have a. A quadratic system or you don't have a a quadratic system or you don't have a panel of judges you have to be really. Panel of judges you have to be really panel of judges you have to be really careful. Careful careful with how you allow votes to be allocated with how you allow votes to be allocated. With how you allow votes to be allocated because it would be really easy for because it would be really easy for. Because it would be really easy for the wrong project to receive the wrong project to receive . The wrong project to receive a ridiculous amount of money through a ridiculous amount of money through. A ridiculous amount of money through manipulation and so you kind of manipulation and so you kind of. Manipulation and so you kind of counteract some of the counteract some of the counteract some of the. Manipulation by not allowing a project manipulation by not allowing a project manipulation by not allowing a project. To vote for themselves three times to vote for themselves three times to vote for themselves three times. Or only and so you enforce like okay and or only and so you enforce like okay and. Or only and so you enforce like okay and in the final round for example right now. In the final round for example right now in the final round for example right now. You have to vote for three projects you you have to vote for three projects you you have to vote for three projects you. Can't just vote for yourself can't just vote for yourself can't just vote for yourself. and that's that's really important and that's that's really important and that's that's really important. Because if there is a project that's because if there is a project that's because if there is a project that's. Kind of running away with the vote kind of running away with the vote kind of running away with the vote. they still have to allocate two of they still have to allocate two of they still have to allocate two of. Their percentages they're 33 their percentages they're 33 their percentages they're 33. 66 70 percent of their vote has to go to 66 70 percent of their vote has to go to. 66 70 percent of their vote has to go to other projects other projects other projects. but that necessarily means that the but that necessarily means that the but that necessarily means that the. The the the the the the projection of votes or the distribution projection of votes or the distribution. Projection of votes or the distribution of votes is going to be linear because of votes is going to be linear because. Of votes is going to be linear because you don't have a lot of influence over you don't have a lot of influence over. You don't have a lot of influence over a really strong opinion in one way or a really strong opinion in one way or. A really strong opinion in one way or another and so once you have another and so once you have. Another and so once you have both a panel of judges that ensures the both a panel of judges that ensures the. Both a panel of judges that ensures the finalists list is always high quality finalists list is always high quality. Finalists list is always high quality you have quadratic voting which allows you have quadratic voting which allows. You have quadratic voting which allows individuals to very strongly individuals to very strongly. Individuals to very strongly point in the direction that they want point in the direction that they want. Point in the direction that they want but also if you vote but also if you vote but also if you vote. Exclusively on one project you only have exclusively on one project you only have. Exclusively on one project you only have 10 votes 10 votes 10 votes whereas if you spread it out you have up. Whereas if you spread it out you have up whereas if you spread it out you have up. To like 100 votes like to like 100 votes like to like 100 votes like you can really spread that out your. You can really spread that out your you can really spread that out your influence out over a large range. Influence out over a large range influence out over a large range of projects if you want to and so the. Of projects if you want to and so the of projects if you want to and so the. The the the ability to manipulate even without the ability to manipulate even without the. Ability to manipulate even without the other other other features that we have built in through. Features that we have built in through features that we have built in through SMS messaging and . Sms messaging and SMS messaging and kind of the the improvement that that is. Kind of the the improvement that that is kind of the the improvement that that is. Over key base over key base over key base that's already better and so once you that's already better and so once you. That's already better and so once you add on top of it the SMS verification add on top of it the SMS verification. Add on top of it the SMS verification hopefully again the the theory is hopefully again the the theory is. hopefully again the the theory is that we'll have a much that we'll have a much. That we'll have a much more dynamic voting mechan more dynamic voting mechan. More dynamic voting mechan mechanism that will better reflect the mechanism that will better reflect the. Mechanism that will better reflect the actual entries in a particular round actual entries in a particular round. Actual entries in a particular round rather than just kind of always being rather than just kind of always being. Rather than just kind of always being linear linear linear yeah for sure and like even you know if. Yeah for sure and like even you know if yeah for sure and like even you know if it even if it ends up being a problem. It even if it ends up being a problem it even if it ends up being a problem where like. Where like where like we have first place always wait out we have first place always wait out. We have first place always wait out performing or something like that you performing or something like that you. Performing or something like that you can always tweet quadratic voting like can always tweet quadratic voting like. Can always tweet quadratic voting like for example you can remove for example you can remove. For example you can remove one of the you can reduce the credits one of the you can reduce the credits. one of the you can reduce the credits from 100 to 99 from 100 to 99 from 100 to 99. And all of a sudden in order to vote and all of a sudden in order to vote and all of a sudden in order to vote. That requires you to distribute your that requires you to distribute your that requires you to distribute your. Tokens tokens tokens across I think three projects or across I think three projects or. Across I think three projects or something like that to use all of them something like that to use all of them. Something like that to use all of them so you can make small tweets like that so you can make small tweets like that. So you can make small tweets like that and it can have you know big effects so and it can have you know big effects so. And it can have you know big effects so if there comes a time where if there comes a time where. If there comes a time where it feels like we need to make changes it feels like we need to make changes. It feels like we need to make changes like that we can easily do so like that we can easily do so. Like that we can easily do so one of the projects that came up was one of the projects that came up was. One of the projects that came up was or not projects questions or not projects questions. Or not projects questions was will we be able to engage judges was will we be able to engage judges. Was will we be able to engage judges ahead of time to address any concerns ahead of time to address any concerns. Ahead of time to address any concerns they may have regarding technical they may have regarding technical. They may have regarding technical feasibility or other issues feasibility or other issues. Feasibility or other issues yeah fantastic question absolutely you yeah fantastic question absolutely you. Yeah fantastic question absolutely you will the panel of judges is probably will the panel of judges is probably. Will the panel of judges is probably going to be about 10 going to be about 10. Going to be about 10 individuals per round and there'll be individuals per round and there'll be. individuals per round and there'll be a lot of a lot of a lot of discussion back and forth on on the. Discussion back and forth on on the discussion back and forth on on the projects that they feel. Projects that they feel projects that they feel the panel feels our potential for. The panel feels our potential for the panel feels our potential for finalists finalists. Finalists and there's still some like the panels and there's still some like the panels. And there's still some like the panels like we're going to have to figure it like we're going to have to figure it. Like we're going to have to figure it out how how the judging actually works out how how the judging actually works. Out how how the judging actually works like like like if you only have to go through 20. If you only have to go through 20 if you only have to go through 20 projects 30 projects that's pretty. Projects 30 projects that's pretty projects 30 projects that's pretty that's relatively easy to do and to. That's relatively easy to do and to that's relatively easy to do and to give a bit more. Give a bit more give a bit more hands-on experience for every single hands-on experience for every single. Hands-on experience for every single entry whereas if you have 500 entry whereas if you have 500. Entry whereas if you have 500 which I think our last spc had something which I think our last spc had something. Which I think our last spc had something like 500 entries like 500 entries like 500 entries. not everybody's going to be able to not everybody's going to be able to not everybody's going to be able to. Be reached out to be reached out to be reached out to and so there'll be a little bit of back. And so there'll be a little bit of back and so there'll be a little bit of back and forth and you need to make sure that. And forth and you need to make sure that and forth and you need to make sure that. Your entry your entry your entry is really strong and really solid and is really strong and really solid and. Is really strong and really solid and you don't feel like there should be a you don't feel like there should be a. You don't feel like there should be a whole lot of back and forth because what whole lot of back and forth because what. Whole lot of back and forth because what you've put out there is really good you've put out there is really good. You've put out there is really good you need to put your best foot you need to put your best foot. you need to put your best foot forward and really make an impression forward and really make an impression. Forward and really make an impression and make it a proven and not assume that and make it a proven and not assume that. And make it a proven and not assume that if I put something out there that's kind. If I put something out there that's kind if I put something out there that's kind. Of half-hearted of half-hearted of half-hearted that it still has a chance because. That it still has a chance because that it still has a chance because someone will reach out to me that may or. Someone will reach out to me that may or someone will reach out to me that may or. May not be the case may not be the case may not be the case so I would always encourage entrants to. So I would always encourage entrants to so I would always encourage entrants to really put maximum effort. Really put maximum effort really put maximum effort that they that they feel is worth it for. That they that they feel is worth it for that they that they feel is worth it for. Them into their entry them into their entry them into their entry and then as the panelists go through the. And then as the panelists go through the and then as the panelists go through the. Entries entries entries hopefully you get someone to to kind of hopefully you get someone to to kind of. Hopefully you get someone to to kind of adopt your project and start reaching adopt your project and start reaching. Adopt your project and start reaching out and out and out and kind of provide some of that. Kind of provide some of that kind of provide some of that relationship and that feedback and if. Relationship and that feedback and if relationship and that feedback and if not not. Not the community is always available the community is always available the community is always available. Like there's there's a ton of people out like there's there's a ton of people out. Like there's there's a ton of people out there that are never going to be on a there that are never going to be on a. There that are never going to be on a panel but that can still provide panel but that can still provide. Panel but that can still provide feedback for your project and feedback for your project and. Feedback for your project and help you improve it so that when it does help you improve it so that when it does. Help you improve it so that when it does come time for the next lab fund or come time for the next lab fund or. Come time for the next lab fund or a seed fund your project's even stronger a seed fund your project's even stronger. A seed fund your project's even stronger but it will be important to kind of but it will be important to kind of. But it will be important to kind of serve yourself serve yourself serve yourself first in this in this competition. First in this in this competition first in this in this competition particularly as we start we continue to. Particularly as we start we continue to particularly as we start we continue to grow and. Grow and grow and have more entries to not assume have more entries to not assume. have more entries to not assume too much too much too much of our panelists but to make it as easy. Of our panelists but to make it as easy of our panelists but to make it as easy as possible for them to recognize. As possible for them to recognize as possible for them to recognize that your project is insane that it's. That your project is insane that it's that your project is insane that it's amazing and it deserves. Amazing and it deserves amazing and it deserves a little bit of a longer look in the. A little bit of a longer look in the a little bit of a longer look in the same way that you would make a pitch to. Same way that you would make a pitch to same way that you would make a pitch to any other fund any other funding. Any other fund any other funding any other fund any other funding opportunity. Opportunity opportunity really make that strong sort of elevator really make that strong sort of elevator. Really make that strong sort of elevator pitch if you will pitch if you will pitch if you will. Yeah and somebody asks if the quadratic yeah and somebody asks if the quadratic yeah and somebody asks if the quadratic. Voting demo is on voting demo is on voting demo is on github or if it'll be on github later. Github or if it'll be on github later github or if it'll be on github later it might be I can make sure we put. it might be I can make sure we put it might be I can make sure we put that up . For sure yeah it would be good for other for sure yeah it would be good for other. People to look through that you can people to look through that you can people to look through that you can. Obviously play around with it at obviously play around with it at obviously play around with it at. Fqv.versal.app fqv.versal.app fqv.versal.app but i'll make sure I have the code. but i'll make sure I have the code but i'll make sure I have the code available for. Available for available for for review and for review and for review and. Tweaking sweet and then somebody said if tweaking sweet and then somebody said if. Tweaking sweet and then somebody said if a project is very ambitious a project is very ambitious. A project is very ambitious its product has to be way more advanced its product has to be way more advanced. Its product has to be way more advanced than others because people can sell the than others because people can sell the. Than others because people can sell the idea that they need way more funds when idea that they need way more funds when. Idea that they need way more funds when this is not true yeah of course I mean this is not true yeah of course I mean. This is not true yeah of course I mean that's kind of the nature of like a that's kind of the nature of like a. That's kind of the nature of like a competition right you have to sell competition right you have to sell. Competition right you have to sell people on people on people on on your vision and what you're building. On your vision and what you're building on your vision and what you're building anyway and if somebody does. Anyway and if somebody does anyway and if somebody does a better job of selling the fact that. A better job of selling the fact that a better job of selling the fact that they might need more funding or. They might need more funding or they might need more funding or something like that. Something like that something like that and the community supports it and wants and the community supports it and wants. And the community supports it and wants to get behind it that's to get behind it that's. To get behind it that's you know more power to those people you know more power to those people. You know more power to those people right like they've they've done a good right like they've they've done a good. Right like they've they've done a good job of pitching the community job of pitching the community. Job of pitching the community and it can also be the case that a and it can also be the case that a. And it can also be the case that a project very obviously project very obviously. Project very obviously needs way more funding but they do a way needs way more funding but they do a way. Needs way more funding but they do a way worse job of pitching their idea to the worse job of pitching their idea to the. Worse job of pitching their idea to the community community community and they won't receive as much funding. And they won't receive as much funding and they won't receive as much funding that's kind of like an inherent. That's kind of like an inherent that's kind of like an inherent feature of competitions rather than. feature of competitions rather than feature of competitions rather than like some problem that you can kind of. Like some problem that you can kind of like some problem that you can kind of easily solve outside of having. Easily solve outside of having easily solve outside of having you know one entity pick where money. You know one entity pick where money you know one entity pick where money should go yeah. Should go yeah should go yeah yeah I think it's worth speaking to that yeah I think it's worth speaking to that. Yeah I think it's worth speaking to that a little bit particularly as somebody a little bit particularly as somebody. A little bit particularly as somebody myself who competed in both the spc myself who competed in both the spc. Myself who competed in both the spc and the scf it's not it's not crazy easy and the scf it's not it's not crazy easy. And the scf it's not it's not crazy easy it isn't easy to win these competitions it isn't easy to win these competitions. It isn't easy to win these competitions but but but if you treat it serious and you treat it. If you treat it serious and you treat it if you treat it serious and you treat it. For the fun that it is for the fun that it is for the fun that it is and really put your heart and soul not. And really put your heart and soul not and really put your heart and soul not just into the code and into your idea. Just into the code and into your idea just into the code and into your idea and kind of. And kind of and kind of I don't know attaching yourself I don't know attaching yourself. I don't know attaching yourself personally to your project but kind of personally to your project but kind of. Personally to your project but kind of saying that this is a saying that this is a. Saying that this is a community effort I want to make community effort I want to make. Community effort I want to make something that's valuable to other something that's valuable to other. Something that's valuable to other people people people that necessarily like if that's a. That necessarily like if that's a that necessarily like if that's a priority of yours to make something that. Priority of yours to make something that priority of yours to make something that. Other people care about other people care about other people care about necessarily that means you're going to. Necessarily that means you're going to necessarily that means you're going to promote it you're going to talk about it. Promote it you're going to talk about it promote it you're going to talk about it. Because you want people to use it you because you want people to use it you because you want people to use it you. Want it to improve their lives want it to improve their lives want it to improve their lives. If you're just making something that's if you're just making something that's if you're just making something that's. Fun and you don't really care if people fun and you don't really care if people fun and you don't really care if people. Interact with it or benefit from it interact with it or benefit from it interact with it or benefit from it. Again that might be a really good lab again that might be a really good lab again that might be a really good lab. Fund entry but you're still going to fund entry but you're still going to fund entry but you're still going to. Need to market you're still going to need to market you're still going to need to market you're still going to. Need to get people's eyeballs on it and need to get people's eyeballs on it and need to get people's eyeballs on it and. Some buzz around it and that can be a some buzz around it and that can be a some buzz around it and that can be a. Little bit little bit little bit challenging I think as developers challenging I think as developers . Challenging I think as developers to like think about how do I promote to like think about how do I promote. To like think about how do I promote this thing I just want to code it and I this thing I just want to code it and i. This thing I just want to code it and I understand that challenge but it also understand that challenge but it also. Understand that challenge but it also gives you that opportunity to kind of gives you that opportunity to kind of. Gives you that opportunity to kind of get a leg up on on other developers or get a leg up on on other developers or. Get a leg up on on other developers or entrants that aren't willing to do that entrants that aren't willing to do that. Entrants that aren't willing to do that and and and like we want projects to win not just. Like we want projects to win not just like we want projects to win not just because they did a good job but because. Because they did a good job but because because they did a good job but because other people are going to use. Other people are going to use other people are going to use the the project that they're building. The the project that they're building the the project that they're building and see the value and get it if you. And see the value and get it if you and see the value and get it if you build something amazing but nobody knows. Build something amazing but nobody knows build something amazing but nobody knows. About it that's that's kind of sad about it that's that's kind of sad about it that's that's kind of sad. That's unfortunate and i'd like i'd like that's unfortunate and i'd like i'd like. That's unfortunate and i'd like i'd like to see amazing projects to see amazing projects. To see amazing projects get visibility and I want to help with get visibility and I want to help with. Get visibility and I want to help with that as well as as you taking that that as well as as you taking that. That as well as as you taking that effort effort effort and and putting it out there but it's. And and putting it out there but it's and and putting it out there but it's. It's both of us the the it's both of us the the it's both of us the the actual fund itself putting facetime on. Actual fund itself putting facetime on actual fund itself putting facetime on to the projects that are. To the projects that are to the projects that are highest quality and putting the most. Highest quality and putting the most highest quality and putting the most effort in as well as you really selling. Effort in as well as you really selling effort in as well as you really selling that and saying that i've built. That and saying that i've built that and saying that i've built something and it's amazing. Something and it's amazing something and it's amazing and here's why doing blog posts and. And here's why doing blog posts and and here's why doing blog posts and putting a little bit of. Putting a little bit of putting a little bit of good care into the design the actual ui. Good care into the design the actual ui good care into the design the actual ui and ux. And ux and ux thinking through what would it be like thinking through what would it be like. Thinking through what would it be like to judge this project and how can I to judge this project and how can i. To judge this project and how can I improve that making sure that they're a improve that making sure that they're a. Improve that making sure that they're a good good good demo username and password available. demo username and password available demo username and password available if your. If your if your if your project has a login barrier if your project has a login barrier. If your project has a login barrier like simple things like that a video like simple things like that a video. Like simple things like that a video explainer showcasing your team putting explainer showcasing your team putting. Explainer showcasing your team putting your face on a camera like your face on a camera like. Your face on a camera like those things can really go a long way those things can really go a long way . Those things can really go a long way and that's not and that's not and that's not. It's not like the scf's the only fund it's not like the scf's the only fund it's not like the scf's the only fund. That's like that anywhere you try and that's like that anywhere you try and that's like that anywhere you try and. Get funding anywhere that it's a get funding anywhere that it's a get funding anywhere that it's a. Competition competition competition that's going to be true that those who that's going to be true that those who. That's going to be true that those who put the most effort into put the most effort into. Put the most effort into communicating and selling their project communicating and selling their project. Communicating and selling their project they're going to do the best they're going to do the best. They're going to do the best particularly if they've spent a lot particularly if they've spent a lot. particularly if they've spent a lot of time actually making their project of time actually making their project. Of time actually making their project good right like you don't want to good right like you don't want to. Good right like you don't want to promote something that really isn't all promote something that really isn't all. Promote something that really isn't all that great but if you have both of those that great but if you have both of those. That great but if you have both of those things together things together things together. Like maybe skip a round of lab fund and like maybe skip a round of lab fund and like maybe skip a round of lab fund and. Really dive into really dive into really dive into having both of those pieces a really. having both of those pieces a really having both of those pieces a really good project. Good project good project and really good marketing and really and really good marketing and really. And really good marketing and really good blog posts and and good blog posts and and. Good blog posts and and combining both of those things together combining both of those things together. Combining both of those things together to really give yourself the best chance to really give yourself the best chance. To really give yourself the best chance at succeeding in the lab or or in at succeeding in the lab or or in. At succeeding in the lab or or in the seed fund the seed fund the seed fund. Yeah and it is worth noting like I think yeah and it is worth noting like I think. Yeah and it is worth noting like I think going forward going forward going forward. In different rounds of seo if we're in different rounds of seo if we're in different rounds of seo if we're. Going to do a really we're going to try going to do a really we're going to try going to do a really we're going to try. To do a really good job of like to do a really good job of like to do a really good job of like. Highlighting what made projects highlighting what made projects highlighting what made projects. Successful in any given round successful in any given round successful in any given round. That way like everybody can kind of that way like everybody can kind of that way like everybody can kind of. Learn from each other and there's not learn from each other and there's not learn from each other and there's not. This like black hole of you trying to this like black hole of you trying to this like black hole of you trying to. Figure out figure out figure out you know what do I need to do to to you know what do I need to do to to. you know what do I need to do to to perform well perform well perform well in scf I think we're going to try to do. In scf I think we're going to try to do in scf I think we're going to try to do a way better job of of getting that. A way better job of of getting that a way better job of of getting that information out there so everybody can. Information out there so everybody can information out there so everybody can kind of learn from each other and it. Kind of learn from each other and it kind of learn from each other and it makes the competition. Makes the competition makes the competition you know better for everybody yeah. you know better for everybody yeah you know better for everybody yeah absolutely yep some blog posts on how to. Absolutely yep some blog posts on how to absolutely yep some blog posts on how to. Place well in the scf you know what what place well in the scf you know what what. Place well in the scf you know what what are judges looking for like are judges looking for like. Are judges looking for like again adding the relationship piece and again adding the relationship piece and. Again adding the relationship piece and putting a little bit more focus on that putting a little bit more focus on that. Putting a little bit more focus on that I think treating the scf I think treating the scf. I think treating the scf like it's a product like it's a thing like it's a product like it's a thing. Like it's a product like it's a thing rather than kind of just a rather than kind of just a. Rather than kind of just a something that's also going on somewhere something that's also going on somewhere. Something that's also going on somewhere out there you know good luck out there you know good luck. Out there you know good luck as it's kind of been a little bit in as it's kind of been a little bit in. as it's kind of been a little bit in the past trying to focus a little bit the past trying to focus a little bit. The past trying to focus a little bit more on this is really important more on this is really important. More on this is really important to the ecosystem and building up the to the ecosystem and building up the. To the ecosystem and building up the resources resources resources and the marketing and the the. And the marketing and the the and the marketing and the the communication relationship aspect of the. Communication relationship aspect of the communication relationship aspect of the. Seller community fund so that it seller community fund so that it seller community fund so that it. Just provides that really strong just provides that really strong just provides that really strong. Opportunity to get funding opportunity to get funding opportunity to get funding and recognition for the work that you're. And recognition for the work that you're and recognition for the work that you're. Doing instead and really incentivize you doing instead and really incentivize you. Doing instead and really incentivize you to want to build on seller and to to want to build on seller and to. to want to build on seller and to give you the right route to succeed give you the right route to succeed. Give you the right route to succeed whether that's through funding whether that's through funding. Whether that's through funding relationships building you know going relationships building you know going. Relationships building you know going from the lab fund to the seed fund from from the lab fund to the seed fund from. From the lab fund to the seed fund from something fun to a business like something fun to a business like. Something fun to a business like there's a lot of different tracks that there's a lot of different tracks that. There's a lot of different tracks that individuals can take individuals can take . Individuals can take but really making like highlighting but really making like highlighting. But really making like highlighting those and helping people along those and helping people along. Those and helping people along and including the community in that so and including the community in that so. And including the community in that so it's not just me and colton trying to do it's not just me and colton trying to do. It's not just me and colton trying to do everything everything everything but that the community knows where. but that the community knows where but that the community knows where they can get involved and. They can get involved and they can get involved and where the gaps are that need to be. Where the gaps are that need to be where the gaps are that need to be filled so that this thing can really. Filled so that this thing can really filled so that this thing can really take on. Take on take on a much stronger community sense a much stronger community sense a much stronger community sense. And finding where that where that is and finding where that where that is and finding where that where that is. Where that's needed and where it can where that's needed and where it can where that's needed and where it can. Best fit best fit best fit as the fund again continues to mature as the fund again continues to mature. as the fund again continues to mature as it has been sweet I think we're caught up on. Sweet I think we're caught up on questions so we can move on in the questions so we can move on in the. Questions so we can move on in the presentation presentation presentation all right super duper not not too much. All right super duper not not too much all right super duper not not too much further to go appreciate everyone for. Further to go appreciate everyone for further to go appreciate everyone for the for the fantastic questions these. The for the fantastic questions these the for the fantastic questions these are obviously two very important. Are obviously two very important are obviously two very important components that really highlight. Components that really highlight components that really highlight the difference between what we have. The difference between what we have the difference between what we have right now and. Right now and right now and what we're launching today so what we're launching today so. What we're launching today so kind of in conclusion two key takeaways kind of in conclusion two key takeaways. Kind of in conclusion two key takeaways the sdf funds projects the sdf funds projects. the sdf funds projects and so if you've got a contact you and so if you've got a contact you. and so if you've got a contact you know clients know clients know clients or yourself who's looking . Or yourself who's looking or yourself who's looking either maybe isn't a good fit for the. Either maybe isn't a good fit for the either maybe isn't a good fit for the infrastructure again or the enterprise. Infrastructure again or the enterprise infrastructure again or the enterprise fund which we also have but are. Fund which we also have but are fund which we also have but are strictly sdf managed refer them to the. Strictly sdf managed refer them to the strictly sdf managed refer them to the scf you know point people towards us. Scf you know point people towards us scf you know point people towards us get yourself involved whether as a judge. Get yourself involved whether as a judge get yourself involved whether as a judge. Or as a participant or as a participant or as a participant with a split between the lab and the. With a split between the lab and the with a split between the lab and the seed funds we have a strong funding. Seed funds we have a strong funding seed funds we have a strong funding avenue for more mature and serious. Avenue for more mature and serious avenue for more mature and serious entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs entrepreneurs while still providing a profitable while still providing a profitable. While still providing a profitable playground for new playground for new playground for new. And curious developers so we've really and curious developers so we've really and curious developers so we've really. Got that platform that's going to got that platform that's going to got that platform that's going to. Support support support a much wider ecosystem in a much more a much wider ecosystem in a much more. A much wider ecosystem in a much more effective way effective way effective way so we fund projects but you can also. so we fund projects but you can also so we fund projects but you can also help and I cannot emphasize this. Help and I cannot emphasize this help and I cannot emphasize this enough enough. Enough like we we get you know this is a like we we get you know this is a like we we get you know this is a. Stellar fund we get that it's a fund Stellar fund we get that it's a fund Stellar fund we get that it's a fund. But let's let's let's really take but let's let's let's really take but let's let's let's really take. Some time thinking about the community some time thinking about the community some time thinking about the community. Aspect of this to get involved aspect of this to get involved aspect of this to get involved. join the seller dot community fund join the seller dot community fund. join the seller dot community fund key base group key base group key base group. I would highly encourage that that if I would highly encourage that that if. I would highly encourage that that if this is something that's interesting to this is something that's interesting to. This is something that's interesting to you whether the design of the fund you whether the design of the fund. You whether the design of the fund itself the itself the itself the the participation as a voter or your got. The participation as a voter or your got the participation as a voter or your got. Questions about the entry questions about the entry questions about the entry how to enter or you know anything. How to enter or you know anything how to enter or you know anything related this is kind of where the. Related this is kind of where the related this is kind of where the community is going to talk. Community is going to talk community is going to talk about about this other community fund. About about this other community fund about about this other community fund. So make sure you jump into so make sure you jump into so make sure you jump into Stellar.community. Stellar.community Stellar.community fund and then also make sure you fund and then also make sure you. Fund and then also make sure you participate participate participate in community discussion whether that's. In community discussion whether that's in community discussion whether that's on key base or in different. On key base or in different on key base or in different discussion groups as well as the voting. Discussion groups as well as the voting discussion groups as well as the voting phases so when voting comes out. Phases so when voting comes out phases so when voting comes out participate get involved you know spend. Participate get involved you know spend participate get involved you know spend those credits. Those credits those credits put them where you think they should go put them where you think they should go. Put them where you think they should go and then also help to share the story of and then also help to share the story of. And then also help to share the story of solid entries solid entries solid entries. As well as referring those potential as well as referring those potential as well as referring those potential. Participants so participants so participants so as you have social media accounts and. As you have social media accounts and as you have social media accounts and you want to get the word out of projects. You want to get the word out of projects you want to get the word out of projects. That you care about that you I mean if that you care about that you I mean if that you care about that you I mean if. You've put credits toward them you've put credits toward them you've put credits toward them. Share their story like get them out share their story like get them out share their story like get them out. There so that they can not just receive there so that they can not just receive there so that they can not just receive. Funding from funding from funding from from the sdf but they can actually from the sdf but they can actually . From the sdf but they can actually get involvement from the greater get involvement from the greater. Get involvement from the greater community maybe they come back and community maybe they come back and. Community maybe they come back and participate in another lab fund with new participate in another lab fund with new. Participate in another lab fund with new improvements improvements improvements and you're starting to invest and put. And you're starting to invest and put and you're starting to invest and put energy towards people and not just. Energy towards people and not just energy towards people and not just projects and really want to see. Projects and really want to see projects and really want to see individual developers. Individual developers individual developers and contributors creators succeed and contributors creators succeed. And contributors creators succeed whether that's in a particular project whether that's in a particular project. Whether that's in a particular project or across multiple entries or across multiple entries. Or across multiple entries starting to invest not just in starting to invest not just in. starting to invest not just in projects but people projects but people projects but people. Is something that i'd really like to see is something that i'd really like to see. Is something that i'd really like to see coming out of this coming out of this coming out of this. This update so that's the that's the this update so that's the that's the this update so that's the that's the. Close close close there's no context behind that picture there's no context behind that picture. There's no context behind that picture you get no context this is you get no context this is. You get no context this is inside joke now this is inside joke now this is . inside joke now this is yeah thanks for watching yeah thanks for watching yeah thanks for watching. Before no before we before we wrap it up before no before we before we wrap it up. Before no before we before we wrap it up we do need to share we do need to share we do need to share. the announcement blog post and we the announcement blog post and we the announcement blog post and we. Need to show the site need to show the site need to show the site that's correct so you're ahead of. That's correct so you're ahead of that's correct so you're ahead of yourself sir yourself sir. Yourself sir I'm gonna share the announcement blog I'm gonna share the announcement blog. I'm gonna share the announcement blog post right now in the chat post right now in the chat. Post right now in the chat so if people want to head over and read so if people want to head over and read. So if people want to head over and read that it's basically like a nice that it's basically like a nice. That it's basically like a nice shareable summary of everything we just shareable summary of everything we just. Shareable summary of everything we just said fantastic will you be able to pull said fantastic will you be able to pull. Said fantastic will you be able to pull up the site up the site up the site nice tada amazing so this is the. Nice tada amazing so this is the nice tada amazing so this is the all new and and how convenient somebody. All new and and how convenient somebody all new and and how convenient somebody just asked what the dates are for the. Just asked what the dates are for the just asked what the dates are for the first round so we can go. First round so we can go first round so we can go over that fantastic question but the. Over that fantastic question but the over that fantastic question but the new site. New site new site is over at communityfun.Stellar.org a is over at communityfun.Stellar.org a. Is over at communityfun.Stellar.org a lot of work has gone into the site over lot of work has gone into the site over. Lot of work has gone into the site over the past the past the past I don't even know how long it's been. I don't even know how long it's been I don't even know how long it's been huge collapse. She she's a web flow wizard now she she's a web flow wizard now designed this built this whole site. Designed this built this whole site designed this built this whole site basically on our own. Basically on our own basically on our own unbelievable incredible huge props to unbelievable incredible huge props to. Unbelievable incredible huge props to anka anka anka for this incredible site but yes the. For this incredible site but yes the for this incredible site but yes the Stellar community fund has a marketing. Stellar community fund has a marketing Stellar community fund has a marketing page and it's not just here's the rules. Page and it's not just here's the rules page and it's not just here's the rules it actually outlines what it is the. it actually outlines what it is the it actually outlines what it is the two different funds. Two different funds two different funds we've got we've got we got an art we we've got we've got we got an art we. We've got we've got we got an art we got a marketing video what got a marketing video what. Got a marketing video what we're big we're big leagues colton yeah we're big we're big leagues colton yeah. We're big we're big leagues colton yeah I know I know I know but anyways the website has a breakdown. But anyways the website has a breakdown but anyways the website has a breakdown of both the funds. Of both the funds of both the funds it has you know a couple it has you know a couple. It has you know a couple step-by-steps it's got some featured step-by-steps it's got some featured. Step-by-steps it's got some featured projects it's got some projects it's got some. Projects it's got some cool illustrations of little astronauts cool illustrations of little astronauts. Cool illustrations of little astronauts which are amazing which are amazing which are amazing. But each each tab on there so the seed but each each tab on there so the seed but each each tab on there so the seed. Fund tab and fund tab and fund tab and the lab fund tab I believe have not the lab fund tab I believe have not. The lab fund tab I believe have not only prize pools but the dates only prize pools but the dates. Only prize pools but the dates on when they start and a countdown timer on when they start and a countdown timer. On when they start and a countdown timer which one are we on right now this is. Which one are we on right now this is which one are we on right now this is the lab fund okay. The lab fund okay the lab fund okay so the lab fund actually I don't know so the lab fund actually I don't know. So the lab fund actually I don't know what the today's date is what the today's date is. What the today's date is august 28th which technically the the august 28th which technically the the . August 28th which technically the the the lab and the seed fund are open the lab and the seed fund are open. The lab and the seed fund are open for submissions right now which I for submissions right now which i. For submissions right now which I don't know if I would submit today don't know if I would submit today. Don't know if I would submit today unless you've just been sitting on an unless you've just been sitting on an. Unless you've just been sitting on an entry but entry but entry but they're officially both open right now. They're officially both open right now they're officially both open right now so you are welcome. So you are welcome so you are welcome to begin submitting projects to these to begin submitting projects to these. To begin submitting projects to these brand new brand new brand new lab and seed funds so the lab fund. Lab and seed funds so the lab fund lab and seed funds so the lab fund obviously will close first it's the. Obviously will close first it's the obviously will close first it's the shorter fund. Shorter fund shorter fund opens up today submissions will close opens up today submissions will close. opens up today submissions will close on september 21st so according to our on september 21st so according to our. On september 21st so according to our countdown timer that gives you countdown timer that gives you. Countdown timer that gives you about 23 days to submit to our very about 23 days to submit to our very. about 23 days to submit to our very first lab fund first lab fund first lab fund. the community discussion will then the community discussion will then the community discussion will then. I'm sorry the panel discussion I'm sorry the panel discussion I'm sorry the panel discussion. Will begin then on september 21st and go will begin then on september 21st and go. Will begin then on september 21st and go through october 12th through october 12th. Through october 12th then october 26th after the community then october 26th after the community. Then october 26th after the community discussion where the community will kind discussion where the community will kind. Discussion where the community will kind of go through the entries and ask any of go through the entries and ask any. Of go through the entries and ask any follow-up questions and have an follow-up questions and have an. Follow-up questions and have an opportunity to engage in opportunity to engage in. Opportunity to engage in the entries the community voting will the entries the community voting will. The entries the community voting will begin that'll go on for a week as normal. Begin that'll go on for a week as normal begin that'll go on for a week as normal. On that new flaggable quadratic voting on that new flaggable quadratic voting on that new flaggable quadratic voting. And it all happens right here so rather and it all happens right here so rather and it all happens right here so rather. Than there being galactic talk than there being galactic talk than there being galactic talk. And the voting page it's all integrated and the voting page it's all integrated and the voting page it's all integrated. Straight into start straight into start straight into start I'm sorry communityfun.stiller.org all. I'm sorry communityfun.stiller.org all I'm sorry communityfun.stiller.org all integrator right here you can go and. Integrator right here you can go and integrator right here you can go and log in if you are an entrant log in with. Log in if you are an entrant log in with log in if you are an entrant log in with. Your phone number and that allows you to your phone number and that allows you to. Your phone number and that allows you to enter enter enter your project if you're a panel judge. Your project if you're a panel judge your project if you're a panel judge which there's not too many of you but. Which there's not too many of you but which there's not too many of you but if you are a panel judge panel judges. if you are a panel judge panel judges if you are a panel judge panel judges. Will log in with their key base account will log in with their key base account will log in with their key base account. That's how we differentiate between that's how we differentiate between that's how we differentiate between. Entrants entrants entrants and panelists and then you can go and panelists and then you can go. And panelists and then you can go through through through your projects either to enter or to. Your projects either to enter or to your projects either to enter or to begin the selection. Begin the selection begin the selection so this is all very obviously brand new so this is all very obviously brand new. So this is all very obviously brand new experimental in a sense but we're very experimental in a sense but we're very. Experimental in a sense but we're very excited we put a lot of time and effort excited we put a lot of time and effort. Excited we put a lot of time and effort into this but as you have questions into this but as you have questions. Into this but as you have questions or feedback you can reach out on that or feedback you can reach out on that. Or feedback you can reach out on that Stellar Stellar Stellar community fund key base channel or go to. Community fund key base channel or go to community fund key base channel or go to. This connect page where we've got a form this connect page where we've got a form. This connect page where we've got a form down the bottom where you can also reach. Down the bottom where you can also reach down the bottom where you can also reach. Out as you have out as you have out as you have issues bug reports other questions if. Issues bug reports other questions if issues bug reports other questions if you've got. Partnership opportunities anything like partnership opportunities anything like that you can reach out. That you can reach out that you can reach out through that form and then just to cover. Through that form and then just to cover through that form and then just to cover. Really quick on the seed fund really quick on the seed fund really quick on the seed fund. Timing you can check it out yourself but timing you can check it out yourself but. Timing you can check it out yourself but submissions are open now submissions are open now. Submissions are open now and those will actually go all the way and those will actually go all the way. And those will actually go all the way through january 18 through january 18 through january 18. 2021. this is because seed fund projects 2021. this is because seed fund projects. 2021. this is because seed fund projects are big projects these are not are big projects these are not. Are big projects these are not quick hey i've got an idea this weekend quick hey i've got an idea this weekend. Quick hey i've got an idea this weekend these are big projects we want to see these are big projects we want to see. These are big projects we want to see businesses coming out of this that will businesses coming out of this that will. Businesses coming out of this that will last last last a year so we're putting lots of time. A year so we're putting lots of time a year so we're putting lots of time available for. Available for available for submitting your idea to the seed fund submitting your idea to the seed fund. Submitting your idea to the seed fund and then panels will begin selecting and then panels will begin selecting. And then panels will begin selecting those january 18th that'll go on through those january 18th that'll go on through. Those january 18th that'll go on through till march 15th till march 15th till march 15th. Where the community discussion will where the community discussion will where the community discussion will. Begin that'll go through april 26th and begin that'll go through april 26th and begin that'll go through april 26th and. Then finally on then finally on then finally on may 10th the community voting will. may 10th the community voting will may 10th the community voting will end the community voting for this is. End the community voting for this is end the community voting for this is actually two weeks. Actually two weeks actually two weeks but then may 10th the first seed fund but then may 10th the first seed fund. but then may 10th the first seed fund will will will close out if you have other questions. Close out if you have other questions close out if you have other questions about. About about the rest of the dates those are also the rest of the dates those are also. The rest of the dates those are also in another community post that we're in another community post that we're. In another community post that we're putting out talking a little bit more putting out talking a little bit more. Putting out talking a little bit more about the technical details about the technical details. About the technical details behind the Stellar community fund behind the Stellar community fund. Behind the Stellar community fund yeah and if you if you go through some yeah and if you if you go through some. Yeah and if you if you go through some of the like submission requirements and of the like submission requirements and. Of the like submission requirements and it's still not clear it's still not clear. It's still not clear please reach out to tyler or me or please reach out to tyler or me or. Please reach out to tyler or me or anybody else to kind of discuss anybody else to kind of discuss. Anybody else to kind of discuss where your project might fit whether where your project might fit whether. Where your project might fit whether in the seed fund or the lab fund in the seed fund or the lab fund. In the seed fund or the lab fund and we can definitely have that and we can definitely have that. And we can definitely have that discussion and then you know see discussion and then you know see. Discussion and then you know see which part of those sort of requirements which part of those sort of requirements. Which part of those sort of requirements and descriptions were confusing because and descriptions were confusing because. And descriptions were confusing because it's extremely important it's extremely important. It's extremely important that we clearly communicate the that we clearly communicate the. that we clearly communicate the separation between the two separation between the two. Separation between the two yep so we've done quite a bit of writing yep so we've done quite a bit of writing. Yep so we've done quite a bit of writing both on those blog posts to explain the both on those blog posts to explain the. Both on those blog posts to explain the new sef as well as new sef as well as new sef as well as. On these kind of these couple how-to on these kind of these couple how-to on these kind of these couple how-to. Articles as well as the guidelines rules articles as well as the guidelines rules. Articles as well as the guidelines rules the phases the phases the phases in the projects or in the rounds . in the projects or in the rounds in the projects or in the rounds as well as just a look at previous. As well as just a look at previous as well as just a look at previous winners but as you go through that. Winners but as you go through that winners but as you go through that content if there are. Content if there are content if there are things you feel like we could do better. Things you feel like we could do better things you feel like we could do better I mean again this is a community effort. I mean again this is a community effort I mean again this is a community effort not just in the fund itself but in the. Not just in the fund itself but in the not just in the fund itself but in the actual design. Actual design actual design of the community fund so we're would of the community fund so we're would. Of the community fund so we're would love feedback and love feedback and love feedback and. Improvement ideas or are the articles improvement ideas or are the articles improvement ideas or are the articles. That you would find helpful that you would find helpful that you would find helpful. You can always submit those through that you can always submit those through that. You can always submit those through that form or just in the key based group to form or just in the key based group to. Form or just in the key based group to make suggestions make suggestions make suggestions. Sweet and I think we've been going for a sweet and I think we've been going for a. Sweet and I think we've been going for a long time so long time so long time so we can wrap this thing up yeah I mean. We can wrap this thing up yeah I mean we can wrap this thing up yeah I mean it's I'm super excited I'm I mean if you. It's I'm super excited I'm I mean if you it's I'm super excited I'm I mean if you. Can't tell I'm i've we've spent so much can't tell I'm i've we've spent so much can't tell I'm i've we've spent so much. Time on this time on this time on this as someone who used to participate as someone who used to participate. as someone who used to participate like this is the fund I would have like this is the fund I would have. Like this is the fund I would have wanted wanted wanted so I I'm so happy and excited to have. So I I'm so happy and excited to have so I I'm so happy and excited to have this live can't wait to see what people. This live can't wait to see what people this live can't wait to see what people build. Build build watching to see how it continues to watching to see how it continues to. watching to see how it continues to mature mature mature and iterate I would love to see the. And iterate I would love to see the and iterate I would love to see the community get more wrapped up. Community get more wrapped up community get more wrapped up in the community fund and engaged and. In the community fund and engaged and in the community fund and engaged and have a bit of. Have a bit of have a bit of ownership around what it is and how it ownership around what it is and how it. Ownership around what it is and how it operates operates operates so excited to be at a spot where we. so excited to be at a spot where we so excited to be at a spot where we can finally launch this new thing. Can finally launch this new thing can finally launch this new thing and really be starting continuing but. And really be starting continuing but and really be starting continuing but. Starting from a strong place starting from a strong place starting from a strong place. To continue our community fund efforts to continue our community fund efforts to continue our community fund efforts. In aligning with the mandate that we in aligning with the mandate that we in aligning with the mandate that we. Have have have for this particular allocation of lumens for this particular allocation of lumens. For this particular allocation of lumens sweet thanks everybody yep thanks guys as you have questions. Yep thanks guys as you have questions again reach out again reach out again reach out. Otherwise it's been a lot of fun otherwise it's been a lot of fun otherwise it's been a lot of fun. Explaining it walking through it explaining it walking through it explaining it walking through it. And I can't wait to see what you build and I can't wait to see what you build and I can't wait to see what you build. And hopefully won't be too long before and hopefully won't be too long before and hopefully won't be too long before. before we have another one of these before we have another one of these before we have another one of these. live hangout shows live hangout shows live hangout shows maybe even next week Stellar podcast. Maybe even next week Stellar podcast maybe even next week Stellar podcast live next week. Live next week live next week there's the plug.
