 hey everyone welcome to the Stellar hey everyone welcome to the Stellar protocol discussion for may 12 2022. . Protocol discussion for may 12 2022. protocol discussion for may 12 2022. in these meetings we discuss and plan. In these meetings we discuss and plan in these meetings we discuss and plan for upcoming changes to versions of the. For upcoming changes to versions of the for upcoming changes to versions of the Stellar protocol. Stellar protocol Stellar protocol changes that are necessary to evolve the changes that are necessary to evolve the. Changes that are necessary to evolve the protocol to meet ecosystem needs I'm protocol to meet ecosystem needs I'm. Protocol to meet ecosystem needs I'm just real quick a word on on venue just real quick a word on on venue . Just real quick a word on on venue you know last week we tried having you know last week we tried having. you know last week we tried having this discussion in the Stellar developer this discussion in the Stellar developer. This discussion in the Stellar developer discord and there were some technical discord and there were some technical. Discord and there were some technical issues so we're back to live streaming issues so we're back to live streaming. Issues so we're back to live streaming this on youtube you know we just this on youtube you know we just. This on youtube you know we just don't want to let the technical issues don't want to let the technical issues. Don't want to let the technical issues of a platform prevent us from having of a platform prevent us from having. Of a platform prevent us from having these discussions so that we can talk these discussions so that we can talk. These discussions so that we can talk about the substance and keep moving about the substance and keep moving. About the substance and keep moving forward we may experiment with other forward we may experiment with other. Forward we may experiment with other venues in the future but you know venues in the future but you know. Venues in the future but you know we'll make sure to stress test platforms we'll make sure to stress test platforms. We'll make sure to stress test platforms so there's just not technical glitches so there's just not technical glitches. So there's just not technical glitches that prevent the conversation from that prevent the conversation from. That prevent the conversation from happening that said we are happening that said we are. Happening that said we are discussing this week some caps that are discussing this week some caps that are. Discussing this week some caps that are related to project jump cannon which is related to project jump cannon which is. Related to project jump cannon which is the an announcement that we made the an announcement that we made. the an announcement that we made earlier this year that we are working to earlier this year that we are working to. Earlier this year that we are working to bring smart contracts to Stellar and bring smart contracts to Stellar and. Bring smart contracts to Stellar and as part of that there are protocol as part of that there are protocol. As part of that there are protocol changes that need to happen it's been a changes that need to happen it's been a. Changes that need to happen it's been a bit different this time because we've bit different this time because we've. Bit different this time because we've sort of modularized those changes into a sort of modularized those changes into a. Sort of modularized those changes into a series of core advancement proposals series of core advancement proposals. Series of core advancement proposals each of which focuses on a specific each of which focuses on a specific. Each of which focuses on a specific aspect or specific type of change that aspect or specific type of change that. Aspect or specific type of change that needs to happen to accommodate smart needs to happen to accommodate smart. Needs to happen to accommodate smart contracts now if you're watching this contracts now if you're watching this. Contracts now if you're watching this right now right now right now it's a technical discussion so I advise. It's a technical discussion so I advise it's a technical discussion so I advise looking at the links in the show notes. Looking at the links in the show notes looking at the links in the show notes which are the actual links to the core. Which are the actual links to the core which are the actual links to the core advancement proposals that we're going. Advancement proposals that we're going advancement proposals that we're going to discuss. To discuss to discuss and to the discussions that exist on the and to the discussions that exist on the. And to the discussions that exist on the Stellar dev mailing list which is where Stellar dev mailing list which is where. Stellar dev mailing list which is where sort of long form sort of long form sort of long form. Question and answers happen in addition question and answers happen in addition question and answers happen in addition. To the Stellar debt mailing list there's to the Stellar debt mailing list there's. To the Stellar debt mailing list there's also the Stellar dev discord and there's. Also the Stellar dev discord and there's also the Stellar dev discord and there's. A jump cannon and a jump can and dev a jump cannon and a jump can and dev a jump cannon and a jump can and dev. Channel in there and anyone can join channel in there and anyone can join channel in there and anyone can join. Either of those forums in order to either of those forums in order to either of those forums in order to. Like see the discussion unfold or like see the discussion unfold or like see the discussion unfold or. Participate in the discussion we're participate in the discussion we're participate in the discussion we're. Doing this in the open so that you know doing this in the open so that you know doing this in the open so that you know. You can sort of see the work happening you can sort of see the work happening you can sort of see the work happening. Or and also so that you can have a voice or and also so that you can have a voice. Or and also so that you can have a voice in the changes as we make them in the changes as we make them. In the changes as we make them so that said there are a number of caps so that said there are a number of caps. So that said there are a number of caps that are on the table right now that that are on the table right now that. That are on the table right now that relate to smart contracts into jump relate to smart contracts into jump. Relate to smart contracts into jump cannon and we discussed a few of them cannon and we discussed a few of them. Cannon and we discussed a few of them last week I think this week we're going last week I think this week we're going. Last week I think this week we're going to start out by talking about some of to start out by talking about some of. To start out by talking about some of the the the classic classic classic smart interoperability questions that. Smart interoperability questions that smart interoperability questions that remain most of which have to do with. Remain most of which have to do with remain most of which have to do with cat 48 and cat 49 that are kind of two. Cat 48 and cat 49 that are kind of two cat 48 and cat 49 that are kind of two different flavors of how to approach. Different flavors of how to approach different flavors of how to approach that and. That and that and as as recently as this morning there was as as recently as this morning there was. As as recently as this morning there was some interesting discussion on the some interesting discussion on the. Some interesting discussion on the mailing list about that and so I think mailing list about that and so I think. Mailing list about that and so I think we start there we start there we start there . And I think and I think and I think I don't know john john do you want to I don't know john john do you want to. I don't know john john do you want to start honestly i'd rather just let eco. honestly i'd rather just let eco start I mean nico posted this huge thing start I mean nico posted this huge thing. Start I mean nico posted this huge thing with a bunch of questions and I with a bunch of questions and i. With a bunch of questions and I responded to it responded to it responded to it so like it's kind of niko's turn to. so like it's kind of niko's turn to so like it's kind of niko's turn to talk in the sense that I'm I'm the most. Talk in the sense that I'm I'm the most talk in the sense that I'm I'm the most recent speaker on the thread. Recent speaker on the thread recent speaker on the thread so maybe we can just kind of go. So maybe we can just kind of go so maybe we can just kind of go through and we can try to figure out. Through and we can try to figure out through and we can try to figure out basically just kind of talk through some. Basically just kind of talk through some basically just kind of talk through some. Of these questions and understand what of these questions and understand what of these questions and understand what. We're actually talking about and make we're actually talking about and make we're actually talking about and make. Sure we're on the same page on a variety sure we're on the same page on a variety. Sure we're on the same page on a variety of different things and if we're not on of different things and if we're not on. Of different things and if we're not on the same page get on the same page that sounds good. That sounds good wall of text yeah wall of text yeah wall of text yeah sorry. Sorry sorry yeah so I guess like maybe I don't yeah so I guess like maybe I don't. Yeah so I guess like maybe I don't know like know like know like one of the things we can talk about is. One of the things we can talk about is one of the things we can talk about is actually around compliance because i. Actually around compliance because I actually around compliance because I think that's actually the most important. Think that's actually the most important think that's actually the most important. Bit bit bit that that that that is in there okay that is in there okay that is in there okay. I mean like I'm I mean like I'm I mean like I'm I think we I think we I think we. We should discuss potentially changing I we should discuss potentially changing i. We should discuss potentially changing I mean maybe not this time around but like. Mean maybe not this time around but like mean maybe not this time around but like. You know that this is like in you know that this is like in you know that this is like in. There's an there's an there's an level of expectation in terms of on the. Level of expectation in terms of on the level of expectation in terms of on the compliance front that I think we. Compliance front that I think we compliance front that I think we should maybe. Should maybe should maybe adjust even in classic so that we can adjust even in classic so that we can. adjust even in classic so that we can make things work for make things work for. Make things work for for john cannon so like the type of for john cannon so like the type of. For john cannon so like the type of things I'm talking about here is things I'm talking about here is. Things I'm talking about here is that both proposals kind of suffer from that both proposals kind of suffer from. That both proposals kind of suffer from the same problem the same problem the same problem. so so so today if you have an asset that you today if you have an asset that you. Today if you have an asset that you issued on on the seller network issued on on the seller network. Issued on on the seller network and you and you and you like our version basically we only have. Like our version basically we only have like our version basically we only have like a couple of smart contracts. Like a couple of smart contracts like a couple of smart contracts basically on today right like we have. Basically on today right like we have basically on today right like we have emms and the decks those are like. Emms and the decks those are like emms and the decks those are like the kind of equivalent and today we. The kind of equivalent and today we the kind of equivalent and today we track track. Track if you have like money if you have like money if you have like money . Or any asset locked into a contract it's or any asset locked into a contract it's. Or any asset locked into a contract it's going to be recovered basically recovered basically. when you your authorization gets when you your authorization gets when you your authorization gets. Revoked revoked revoked and I think this breaks completely in and I think this breaks completely in. And I think this breaks completely in jump cannon because jump cannon because jump cannon because. Well that's actually not well that's actually not well that's actually not well if we don't do anything right like. Well if we don't do anything right like well if we don't do anything right like . like because the only thing that gets like because the only thing that gets. Like because the only thing that gets really revoked is really revoked is really revoked is . Is your trust line like the ground of is your trust line like the ground of is your trust line like the ground of. Your trust line like you you lose your trust line like you you lose your trust line like you you lose. Access to your wallet but if you access to your wallet but if you access to your wallet but if you. parked your your money in some parked your your money in some parked your your money in some. Smart contract that is the smart contract that is the smart contract that is the . you know like the I know shady guy you know like the I know shady guy. you know like the I know shady guy on the corner on the corner on the corner. Basically basically basically there's no way to to enforce anything there's no way to to enforce anything. there's no way to to enforce anything there so so then the question is like there so so then the question is like. There so so then the question is like well well well what do we do because if you don't do. What do we do because if you don't do what do we do because if you don't do. Anything anything anything in both proposals in both proposals in both proposals we're basically saying well you know if. We're basically saying well you know if we're basically saying well you know if you want to get around any kind of. You want to get around any kind of you want to get around any kind of restrictions just you know send your. Restrictions just you know send your restrictions just you know send your money to this smart contract over there. Money to this smart contract over there money to this smart contract over there and then. And then and then it's like this super mixer or something it's like this super mixer or something. It's like this super mixer or something and then like you can and then like you can. And then like you can you can't reasonably have enforcement you can't reasonably have enforcement. You can't reasonably have enforcement so maybe we can start with that like we. So maybe we can start with that like we so maybe we can start with that like we can say well that's okay that's the new. Can say well that's okay that's the new can say well that's okay that's the new new reality. New reality new reality and then my then I would argue that and then my then I would argue that. And then my then I would argue that we should just stop doing what we are we should just stop doing what we are. We should just stop doing what we are doing in classic like or at least say doing in classic like or at least say. Doing in classic like or at least say that we are going to stop doing that we are going to stop doing. That we are going to stop doing you know recover basically like you know recover basically like . You know recover basically like assets from from from pools or from our assets from from from pools or from our. Assets from from from pools or from our other decks like if other decks like if. Other decks like if you know because that's actually a lot you know because that's actually a lot. You know because that's actually a lot of of the overhead that we have today in of of the overhead that we have today in. Of of the overhead that we have today in classic classic classic so so so i'll start with that like I don't. I'll start with that like I don't i'll start with that like I don't know what people think. Know what people think know what people think so I can just start with saying what how. So I can just start with saying what how so I can just start with saying what how. I responded to your question to the same I responded to your question to the same. I responded to your question to the same question from the email thread which was. Question from the email thread which was question from the email thread which was. Basically like basically like basically like this does work in cap 48 and cap 49. you. This does work in cap 48 and cap 49. you this does work in cap 48 and cap 49. you. Just might not like the way it works just might not like the way it works just might not like the way it works. but like all the compliance controls but like all the compliance controls. But like all the compliance controls that exist on classic still exist they that exist on classic still exist they. That exist on classic still exist they just don't extend to all the contracts just don't extend to all the contracts. Just don't extend to all the contracts by default by default by default so you might recall. So you might recall so you might recall nico would definitely recall because we nico would definitely recall because we. Nico would definitely recall because we we spoke about it a lot when we were we spoke about it a lot when we were. We spoke about it a lot when we were doing the liquidity pools doing the liquidity pools. Doing the liquidity pools that we had this discussion about that we had this discussion about. That we had this discussion about whether we should go back and make whether we should go back and make. Whether we should go back and make people you know revoke trust on revoke people you know revoke trust on revoke. People you know revoke trust on revoke authorization on every single liquidity authorization on every single liquidity. Authorization on every single liquidity pool individually or do the whole thing pool individually or do the whole thing. Pool individually or do the whole thing globally globally globally and and and basically like usability for issuers run. Basically like usability for issuers run basically like usability for issuers run. Out out out what one out over like simplicity of what one out over like simplicity of. What one out over like simplicity of protocol design protocol design protocol design. And we ended up making it so that like and we ended up making it so that like and we ended up making it so that like. Basically you revoke and it just gets basically you revoke and it just gets basically you revoke and it just gets. Everything automatically everything automatically everything automatically . But both cap 40 and cat 49 just revert but both cap 40 and cat 49 just revert but both cap 40 and cat 49 just revert. Back to the hey you have to go and back to the hey you have to go and back to the hey you have to go and. Manually chase everything down mode manually chase everything down mode manually chase everything down mode. which is the only mode that is which is the only mode that is which is the only mode that is. Sensible in smart contract land sensible in smart contract land sensible in smart contract land. like there's the only possible moods like there's the only possible moods like there's the only possible moods. Are you have to go and chase everything are you have to go and chase everything are you have to go and chase everything. Down yourself or you can do nothing down yourself or you can do nothing down yourself or you can do nothing. But they're the third mode of it does it but they're the third mode of it does it. But they're the third mode of it does it all automatically is not a feasible all automatically is not a feasible. All automatically is not a feasible solution here solution here solution here . but basically the way that you would but basically the way that you would but basically the way that you would. Deal with this in in the cap let's talk deal with this in in the cap let's talk deal with this in in the cap let's talk. About the cap 48 or cap 49 world doesn't about the cap 48 or cap 49 world doesn't. About the cap 48 or cap 49 world doesn't really matter for the sake of argument really matter for the sake of argument. Really matter for the sake of argument so let's just say in cap 48 so let's just say in cap 48. so let's just say in cap 48 the way you would do this is like hey the way you would do this is like hey. the way you would do this is like hey like suppose that I want to evade like suppose that I want to evade. Like suppose that I want to evade authorization stuff and so I send my authorization stuff and so I send my. Authorization stuff and so I send my money to some money to some money to some random contract. Random contract random contract well well well you look off chain and you say okay like. You look off chain and you say okay like you look off chain and you say okay like. Where is this guy been sending his money where is this guy been sending his money. Where is this guy been sending his money oh he sent his money to this contract oh he sent his money to this contract. Oh he sent his money to this contract frees that address frees that address frees that address. and the issuer just goes through and and the issuer just goes through and and the issuer just goes through and. Kind of freezes everywhere where I'm kind of freezes everywhere where I'm kind of freezes everywhere where I'm. Sending money until they get all their sending money until they get all their sending money until they get all their. Money back money back money back so basically like your actions so basically like your actions. so basically like your actions contaminate all the downstream systems contaminate all the downstream systems. Contaminate all the downstream systems and that works fine because at the end and that works fine because at the end. Of the day in cap 48 all the money is of the day in cap 48 all the money is of the day in cap 48 all the money is. Stored like when money is held by a stored like when money is held by a stored like when money is held by a. Contract like classic money is held by a contract like classic money is held by a. Contract like classic money is held by a contract contract contract it's living in a trust line. It's living in a trust line it's living in a trust line and so you can just use the normal. And so you can just use the normal and so you can just use the normal authorization techniques on it or in the. Authorization techniques on it or in the authorization techniques on it or in the. Cap 49 world cap 49 world cap 49 world there's like the there's like the there's like the. Like the interoperability layer has like the interoperability layer has like the interoperability layer has. Authorization and you can do the exact authorization and you can do the exact authorization and you can do the exact. Same thing you just do it at the same thing you just do it at the same thing you just do it at the. Contract layer instead of at the contract layer instead of at the contract layer instead of at the. at the inter at the trustline layer at the inter at the trustline layer. At the inter at the trustline layer so you can do this it's just kind of so you can do this it's just kind of. So you can do this it's just kind of annoying annoying annoying but it's not just nothing. But it's not just nothing but it's not just nothing so so well so the thing is that you can. So so well so the thing is that you can so so well so the thing is that you can actually design better protocols that. Actually design better protocols that actually design better protocols that you want. You want you want like those smart contracts firm like those smart contracts firm. Like those smart contracts firm compliance you should design a compliance you should design a. Compliance you should design a compliance protocol that actually allows compliance protocol that actually allows. Compliance protocol that actually allows to do something to do something to do something. A little better than that because like a little better than that because like a little better than that because like. Like this situation that you're like this situation that you're like this situation that you're. Like like like describing here I mean it's like you're describing here I mean it's like you're. Describing here I mean it's like you're shutting down the bank because there's shutting down the bank because there's. Shutting down the bank because there's like one guy that like one guy that like one guy that. You know you know you know that doesn't behave and that doesn't that doesn't behave and that doesn't. That doesn't behave and that doesn't sound like I mean I don't think you can like I know. I mean I don't think you can like I know I like the smart contract is the bank I like the smart contract is the bank. I like the smart contract is the bank right like it's kind of like that it's right like it's kind of like that it's. Right like it's kind of like that it's it's an automated thing that holds it's an automated thing that holds. It's an automated thing that holds assets on behalf of a bunch of people assets on behalf of a bunch of people. Assets on behalf of a bunch of people I don't think you can generally do I don't think you can generally do. I don't think you can generally do better than that better than that better than that. The reason being contracts are mutable the reason being contracts are mutable the reason being contracts are mutable. And so like suppose that I have some and so like suppose that I have some and so like suppose that I have some. Contract and I claim to comply with your contract and I claim to comply with your. Contract and I claim to comply with your you know your compliance protocol you know your compliance protocol. You know your compliance protocol right meaning like the you know it's a right meaning like the you know it's a. Right meaning like the you know it's a contract it can hold acid a and acid b contract it can hold acid a and acid b. Contract it can hold acid a and acid b and they claim to control to comply with and they claim to control to comply with. And they claim to control to comply with both acid as an asset b is compliance both acid as an asset b is compliance. Both acid as an asset b is compliance protocol protocol protocol and then at some point they decided like. And then at some point they decided like and then at some point they decided like. You know we don't want to do that you know we don't want to do that you know we don't want to do that. And they just redeploy and they just redeploy and they just redeploy without the compliance controls and now. Without the compliance controls and now without the compliance controls and now that money is unrecoverable. That money is unrecoverable that money is unrecoverable so like the only thing the only recourse. So like the only thing the only recourse so like the only thing the only recourse. The issuer would have against that would the issuer would have against that would. The issuer would have against that would be to go and freeze up the bank anyway be to go and freeze up the bank anyway. Be to go and freeze up the bank anyway so like yes you can design a protocol so like yes you can design a protocol. So like yes you can design a protocol that has better properties than that that has better properties than that. That has better properties than that but the fact is that in a world with but the fact is that in a world with. But the fact is that in a world with anything being mutable you can't really anything being mutable you can't really. Anything being mutable you can't really like you can't avoid the need to fall like you can't avoid the need to fall. Like you can't avoid the need to fall back on that of course as a fallback I back on that of course as a fallback I i. Back on that of course as a fallback I see that is you know reasonable but see that is you know reasonable but. See that is you know reasonable but if that's the only option it's not the only option in the world. It's not the only option in the world you can design whatever you want right you can design whatever you want right. You can design whatever you want right but like in the context of classic but like in the context of classic. But like in the context of classic assets that are authorized if you are assets that are authorized if you are. Assets that are authorized if you are saying saying saying that that that the def this kind of default world. The def this kind of default world the def this kind of default world that we are that they know they had like. That we are that they know they had like that we are that they know they had like. A bunch of comments on on on like are we a bunch of comments on on on like are we. A bunch of comments on on on like are we forcing people to be opted into this new. Forcing people to be opted into this new forcing people to be opted into this new. Thing thing thing that doesn't fit that doesn't fit that doesn't fit the the the expectation from people. I mean the I mean the basically like if we don't opt people in basically like if we don't opt people in. Basically like if we don't opt people in we'll end up in a world where everything. We'll end up in a world where everything we'll end up in a world where everything. Is useless because people don't opt in is useless because people don't opt in is useless because people don't opt in. Like like like in a world where we can't like where we in a world where we can't like where we. In a world where we can't like where we can't assume that people will do can't assume that people will do. Can't assume that people will do anything and that is the world we should anything and that is the world we should. Anything and that is the world we should assume we live in assume we live in assume we live in. Then basically all the work we've been then basically all the work we've been then basically all the work we've been. Doing for the last seven years could be doing for the last seven years could be doing for the last seven years could be. A total waste you know like all the a total waste you know like all the a total waste you know like all the. Anchors we've onboard and stuff if we anchors we've onboard and stuff if we anchors we've onboard and stuff if we. Can't get them to take the actions that can't get them to take the actions that can't get them to take the actions that. Would be required it's just like hey we would be required it's just like hey we would be required it's just like hey we. Just threw it all out just threw it all out just threw it all out ideally everything just works. Ideally everything just works ideally everything just works automatically and we do the same thing. Automatically and we do the same thing automatically and we do the same thing and if you want to do something better. And if you want to do something better and if you want to do something better than the same thing then that's when you. Than the same thing then that's when you than the same thing then that's when you. Have to take action and that's the world I would expect like and that's the world I would expect like. For example if you don't want this for example if you don't want this for example if you don't want this. Default behavior hey there's an easy default behavior hey there's an easy default behavior hey there's an easy. Solution to that set your asset to auth solution to that set your asset to auth solution to that set your asset to auth. Required and then nobody will be able to required and then nobody will be able to. Required and then nobody will be able to send money into the the smart contract send money into the the smart contract. Send money into the the smart contract side of it side of it side of it and then all you have to do is just. And then all you have to do is just and then all you have to do is just deploy your own wrapper and you get. Deploy your own wrapper and you get deploy your own wrapper and you get whatever functionality you want but. Whatever functionality you want but whatever functionality you want but that's the action path. That's the action path that's the action path and since most people don't have author. And since most people don't have author and since most people don't have author cards that they don't have automatable. Cards that they don't have automatable cards that they don't have automatable set they don't have author vocals that. Set they don't have author vocals that set they don't have author vocals that they don't have off club backable or. They don't have off club backable or they don't have off club backable or whatever the hell that one is called. Whatever the hell that one is called whatever the hell that one is called clawback enabled or whatever this the. Clawback enabled or whatever this the clawback enabled or whatever this the. Default behavior is what everybody is default behavior is what everybody is default behavior is what everybody is. Inheriting anyway inheriting anyway inheriting anyway all the time right every day I'm talking. All the time right every day I'm talking all the time right every day I'm talking. About specifically yeah yeah like for about specifically yeah yeah like for about specifically yeah yeah like for. The mutable stuff I agree we can the mutable stuff I agree we can the mutable stuff I agree we can. Basically kind of take the same stance basically kind of take the same stance basically kind of take the same stance. That I think we've been taking with that I think we've been taking with that I think we've been taking with. Claimable balances for example which is claimable balances for example which is claimable balances for example which is. You take whatever the you take whatever the you take whatever the the the current. The the current the the current statement of the issue is is kind of statement of the issue is is kind of. Statement of the issue is is kind of what you inherit right no no that's not what you inherit right no no that's not. What you inherit right no no that's not what I'm proposing at all what I'm proposing at all. What I'm proposing at all you're muted oh I don't know you're muted oh I don't know. You're muted oh I don't know can you not hear me I'm not muted on my can you not hear me I'm not muted on my. Can you not hear me I'm not muted on my side side side there was nothing I can hear. There was nothing I can hear there was nothing I can hear I can hear him he said that's not what. I can hear him he said that's not what I can hear him he said that's not what he's proposing at all. He's proposing at all he's proposing at all okay I don't know what I'm proposing is. Okay I don't know what I'm proposing is okay I don't know what I'm proposing is you and can you hear me now. You and can you hear me now you and can you hear me now yes yeah okay what I'm proposing is that. Yes yeah okay what I'm proposing is that yes yeah okay what I'm proposing is that. You inherit the current state of the you inherit the current state of the you inherit the current state of the. Flags whatever they are flags whatever they are flags whatever they are right that's what I'm saying yeah like. Right that's what I'm saying yeah like right that's what I'm saying yeah like not like they don't get frozen like if i. Not like they don't get frozen like if I not like they don't get frozen like if i. Go and change my flags I inherit the new go and change my flags I inherit the new. Go and change my flags I inherit the new flags flags flags the way that it works for like authors. The way that it works for like authors the way that it works for like authors no but like like if you want to yeah but. No but like like if you want to yeah but no but like like if you want to yeah but. No number like well no number like well no number like well if if you wanted to if you were saying. If if you wanted to if you were saying if if you wanted to if you were saying I'm right now I'm not earth required and. I'm right now I'm not earth required and I'm right now I'm not earth required and. Then in future I become art required then in future I become art required then in future I become art required. Well it's kind of too late you're well it's kind of too late you're well it's kind of too late you're. All this stuff is now out in smart and all this stuff is now out in smart and all this stuff is now out in smart and. You know out of control basically like you know out of control basically like you know out of control basically like. Oh you have to you're kind of oh you have to you're kind of oh you have to you're kind of. Yeah and there's a great solution to yeah and there's a great solution to yeah and there's a great solution to. That you know what you do that you know what you do that you know what you do you set yourself to author required and. You set yourself to author required and you set yourself to author required and then you go and claw back everybody's. Then you go and claw back everybody's then you go and claw back everybody's money. Like would you really call that a great like would you really call that a great solution. Solution solution yeah it is a great solution actually yeah it is a great solution actually. Yeah it is a great solution actually the reason I consider it a great the reason I consider it a great. The reason I consider it a great solution is because solution is because solution is because. Nobody has their flag set so this can nobody has their flag set so this can nobody has their flag set so this can. Happen to you right now anyway basically happen to you right now anyway basically. Happen to you right now anyway basically like you know like any issuer like you know like any issuer. Like you know like any issuer can come and just freeze up all your can come and just freeze up all your. Can come and just freeze up all your assets whenever they want to and just assets whenever they want to and just. Assets whenever they want to and just say like hey like you have two options say like hey like you have two options. Say like hey like you have two options either you are frozen forever or you either you are frozen forever or you. Either you are frozen forever or you accept my new terms of service and you accept my new terms of service and you. Accept my new terms of service and you you basically do a swat you basically do a swat. You basically do a swat that's it anybody can do that at any that's it anybody can do that at any. That's it anybody can do that at any time and the thing I want to make happen time and the thing I want to make happen. Time and the thing I want to make happen is just have everything that works today. Is just have everything that works today is just have everything that works today. Just working smart just working smart just working smart that is like my number one goal but the. That is like my number one goal but the that is like my number one goal but the thing is I mean going back to this. Thing is I mean going back to this thing is I mean going back to this though like I think it kind of. Though like I think it kind of though like I think it kind of breaks everything and smart if you allow. Breaks everything and smart if you allow breaks everything and smart if you allow. People to just kind of like I take the people to just kind of like I take the people to just kind of like I take the. Example of a poo right a a a trading example of a poo right a a a trading example of a poo right a a a trading. Pool if I change the reserve in some pool if I change the reserve in some pool if I change the reserve in some. Random way I'm breaking all the random way I'm breaking all the random way I'm breaking all the. Environments of that pool correct and so environments of that pool correct and so. Environments of that pool correct and so there are two solutions to that problem there are two solutions to that problem. There are two solutions to that problem both of which I actually laid out in both of which I actually laid out in. Both of which I actually laid out in the email I sent to you the first one is the email I sent to you the first one is. The email I sent to you the first one is to say like hey like assets that aren't to say like hey like assets that aren't. To say like hey like assets that aren't frozen as off immutable can't use them frozen as off immutable can't use them. Frozen as off immutable can't use them basically like you check in advance basically like you check in advance. basically like you check in advance whether it's good to go and if it's not whether it's good to go and if it's not. Whether it's good to go and if it's not good to go you can't do it good to go you can't do it. Good to go you can't do it so in this case it'd be like automutable so in this case it'd be like automutable. So in this case it'd be like automutable not off revocable not off revocable not off revocable. the other option is you actually have the other option is you actually have. the other option is you actually have a guard in your contract which checks a guard in your contract which checks. A guard in your contract which checks that the balances are what you expect that the balances are what you expect. That the balances are what you expect them to be them to be them to be so basically like you track the balances. So basically like you track the balances so basically like you track the balances. Internally there's only two in a internally there's only two in a internally there's only two in a. Liquidity bowl so it's not a big deal liquidity bowl so it's not a big deal liquidity bowl so it's not a big deal. And then when you actually start doing and then when you actually start doing and then when you actually start doing. Work you check like hey like are the work you check like hey like are the work you check like hey like are the. Balances on chain equal to the balances balances on chain equal to the balances balances on chain equal to the balances. That I expect if not I know that there that I expect if not I know that there that I expect if not I know that there. Was an external thing frozen was an external thing frozen was an external thing frozen. And that's basically like a single bad and that's basically like a single bad and that's basically like a single bad. Actor poisoning the bank actor poisoning the bank actor poisoning the bank but in that world there's a huge. But in that world there's a huge but in that world there's a huge incentive for the owner of the contract. Incentive for the owner of the contract incentive for the owner of the contract to go and resolve the problem to. To go and resolve the problem to to go and resolve the problem to liberate all their other users. Liberate all their other users liberate all their other users so so so well then if they use the user of our. Well then if they use the user of our well then if they use the user of our contract. Contract contract what do you mean like many of those no what do you mean like many of those no. What do you mean like many of those no well like like what I mean is that well like like what I mean is that. Well like like what I mean is that in many cases the contract like is this in many cases the contract like is this. In many cases the contract like is this thing that you want to lock and that's thing that you want to lock and that's. Thing that you want to lock and that's kind of it there's no like operator kind of it there's no like operator. Kind of it there's no like operator right right right I mean like if you want to live in a. I mean like if you want to live in a I mean like if you want to live in a world where you're using. World where you're using world where you're using auth required assets and you're taking. Auth required assets and you're taking auth required assets and you're taking multiple people's money you better have. Multiple people's money you better have multiple people's money you better have an operator because those problems can't. An operator because those problems can't an operator because those problems can't. Always be resolved on chain always be resolved on chain always be resolved on chain. Like there's like the standard liquidity like there's like the standard liquidity. Like there's like the standard liquidity pool token would never like design would. Pool token would never like design would pool token would never like design would. Never let you escape that situation never let you escape that situation never let you escape that situation. But that's not the expectation in this but that's not the expectation in this but that's not the expectation in this. Web 3 world is that you want to have web 3 world is that you want to have web 3 world is that you want to have. Like a like like an mm right like you like a like like an mm right like you like a like like an mm right like you. Don't want to have like don't want to have like don't want to have like some random operator or like controlling. Some random operator or like controlling some random operator or like controlling. The internals of the mm the internals of the mm the internals of the mm you might need to. You might need to you might need to like if your contract is if your like if your contract is if your. Like if your contract is if your contract is immutable contract is immutable contract is immutable. And you accept the funds and the funds and you accept the funds and the funds and you accept the funds and the funds. Can be frozen can be frozen can be frozen then there's just literally no way to then there's just literally no way to. Then there's just literally no way to resolve your problems without an resolve your problems without an. Resolve your problems without an operator operator operator so the solution exactly so that's why. So the solution exactly so that's why so the solution exactly so that's why like it sounds kind of broken to allow. Like it sounds kind of broken to allow like it sounds kind of broken to allow that to happen in the first place. That to happen in the first place that to happen in the first place I don't think it's broken you should. I don't think it's broken you should I don't think it's broken you should know better than to do that. Know better than to do that know better than to do that like the only the only other option is. Like the only the only other option is like the only the only other option is to prevent that and just say like hey. To prevent that and just say like hey to prevent that and just say like hey like these assets are useless. Like these assets are useless like these assets are useless that's what I think we should do so. That's what I think we should do so that's what I think we should do so. You think that usdc should be useless you think that usdc should be useless you think that usdc should be useless. It should be like if there is no it should be like if there is no it should be like if there is no. Yes like you know I'm like it's leslie yes like you know I'm like it's leslie yes like you know I'm like it's leslie. Okay great okay great okay great that's is either you allow people to claw back is either you allow people to claw back. Or like make random changes to your or like make random changes to your or like make random changes to your. State breaking all environments like you state breaking all environments like you. State breaking all environments like you can't write software I mean you have to can't write software I mean you have to. Can't write software I mean you have to know all those environs ahead of time know all those environs ahead of time. Know all those environs ahead of time right like what what can happen what are right like what what can happen what are. Right like what what can happen what are the situations the situations the situations. That that can happen with this one asset that that can happen with this one asset. That that can happen with this one asset that I can accept you can't you have to that I can accept you can't you have to. That I can accept you can't you have to kind of inherit that in every single kind of inherit that in every single. Kind of inherit that in every single smart contract because you have to make the assumption. Because you have to make the assumption that oh yeah somebody can mess with my that oh yeah somebody can mess with my. That oh yeah somebody can mess with my you know trust lines or whatever like you know trust lines or whatever like. You know trust lines or whatever like you know the equivalent of trust lines you know the equivalent of trust lines. You know the equivalent of trust lines that sounds kind of super weird so let that sounds kind of super weird so let. That sounds kind of super weird so let me let me make a couple statements here me let me make a couple statements here. Me let me make a couple statements here the first statement is like you can the first statement is like you can. The first statement is like you can write software that doesn't have this write software that doesn't have this. Write software that doesn't have this problem because you can have the guards problem because you can have the guards. Problem because you can have the guards on it the second step everybody needs to on it the second step everybody needs to. On it the second step everybody needs to put the grounds sure the second put the grounds sure the second. Put the grounds sure the second statement is that statement is that statement is that. On ethereum usdc is blacklistable on ethereum usdc is blacklistable on ethereum usdc is blacklistable. I i've read the contract it is very I i've read the contract it is very I i've read the contract it is very. Clearly blacklistable in fact I believe clearly blacklistable in fact I believe clearly blacklistable in fact I believe. The term that they use in the contract the term that they use in the contract the term that they use in the contract. Actually is that it inherits actually is that it inherits actually is that it inherits. Blacklistable blacklistable blacklistable so it's right there and the third so it's right there and the third. So it's right there and the third thing is there are liquidity pools that thing is there are liquidity pools that. Thing is there are liquidity pools that have that functionality nonetheless have that functionality nonetheless. Have that functionality nonetheless that like you know you can go and trade. That like you know you can go and trade that like you know you can go and trade usdc in a liquidity pool. Usdc in a liquidity pool usdc in a liquidity pool so that's an extension to esc 20 then. So that's an extension to esc 20 then so that's an extension to esc 20 then that is blacklistable. That is blacklistable that is blacklistable right yeah it's just additional right yeah it's just additional. Right yeah it's just additional functionality functionality functionality right but. Right but right but this is like then it goes back to maybe this is like then it goes back to maybe. This is like then it goes back to maybe like you know we are not implementing like you know we are not implementing. Like you know we are not implementing erc20 on the network we're actually erc20 on the network we're actually. Erc20 on the network we're actually implementing something implementing something. Implementing something broader than that we have to broader than that we have to broader than that we have to. I don't agree like those contracts the I don't agree like those contracts the. I don't agree like those contracts the interface that those that like unit swap. Interface that those that like unit swap interface that those that like unit swap. Is depending on is the erc20 interface is depending on is the erc20 interface is depending on is the erc20 interface. The other stuff is just that's not true the other stuff is just that's not true the other stuff is just that's not true. You're saying that if if what you do you you're saying that if if what you do you. You're saying that if if what you do you have a new initial pool with usdc have a new initial pool with usdc. Have a new initial pool with usdc that can like I'm pretty sure like you that can like I'm pretty sure like you. That can like I'm pretty sure like you take if if you're attesting is true if take if if you're attesting is true if. Take if if you're attesting is true if you if there's a pool somewhere you if there's a pool somewhere. You if there's a pool somewhere on ethereum right that has USDC on ethereum right that has USDC. On ethereum right that has USDC and USDC decides to blacklist the pool and USDC decides to blacklist the pool. And USDC decides to blacklist the pool or do something crazy with it or do something crazy with it. Or do something crazy with it the pool is now compromised basically the pool is now compromised basically. The pool is now compromised basically it's done it's done it's done I that could be the case we'd have to go. I that could be the case we'd have to go I that could be the case we'd have to go. And review the code but that could be and review the code but that could be and review the code but that could be. The case and then there's like the case and then there's like the case and then there's like. Potentially a cascading effect right potentially a cascading effect right potentially a cascading effect right. Like like you know people may have like like you know people may have like like you know people may have. Corrupted this as character or something corrupted this as character or something. Corrupted this as character or something like it basically has all sorts of weird. Like it basically has all sorts of weird like it basically has all sorts of weird. Things yeah I think we'd have to go and things yeah I think we'd have to go and things yeah I think we'd have to go and. Confirm whether that's actually the case confirm whether that's actually the case. Confirm whether that's actually the case but I do believe that that is possible but like the following statements are. But like the following statements are true true true usdc is not authentable usdc is not authentable. Usdc is not authentable ustc has no flags yet set it is unlikely we will end up in a world. It is unlikely we will end up in a world where usdc will set any of the flags where usdc will set any of the flags. Where usdc will set any of the flags especially immutable because they'd like to control their. Because they'd like to control their future future future and specifically and specifically. And specifically like they won't set like they won't set like they won't set not revocable. Not revocable not revocable and we know that because their ethereum and we know that because their ethereum. And we know that because their ethereum one is revocable one is revocable one is revocable. so like in this world you basically are so like in this world you basically are. So like in this world you basically are saying like if we don't want to handle saying like if we don't want to handle. Saying like if we don't want to handle that that that then usdc should be useless on. Then usdc should be useless on then usdc should be useless on smart smart smart and then I would question whether we. And then I would question whether we and then I would question whether we should do this at all. I mean I don't know it sounds I mean I don't know it sounds complicated to have like. Complicated to have like complicated to have like the default being like this super. The default being like this super the default being like this super complex thing to deal with on the on. Complex thing to deal with on the on complex thing to deal with on the on smart side. I mean maybe but that means that we have I mean maybe but that means that we have. To expose more than just the rc20 we to expose more than just the rc20 we to expose more than just the rc20 we. Might be able to I mean one thing we might be able to I mean one thing we might be able to I mean one thing we. Might be able to do might be able to do might be able to do is make it so that is make it so that. Is make it so that assets are assets are assets are like we might be able to do the clawback. Like we might be able to do the clawback like we might be able to do the clawback. Inheritance thing inheritance thing inheritance thing because it's a lot easier to deal with. Because it's a lot easier to deal with because it's a lot easier to deal with frozen than claw back. Frozen than claw back frozen than claw back frozen yeah frozen yeah frozen yeah yeah destroys everything yeah. Yeah destroys everything yeah yeah destroys everything yeah well it doesn't again you can put the. Well it doesn't again you can put the well it doesn't again you can put the guards in which do exactly the same. Guards in which do exactly the same guards in which do exactly the same thing it's not hard. Thing it's not hard thing it's not hard but right but then but it's still the but right but then but it's still the. But right but then but it's still the same thing like you cannot use basically same thing like you cannot use basically. Same thing like you cannot use basically any assets any assets any assets useful assets. Useful assets useful assets what do you mean sorry what do you mean sorry what do you mean sorry. You're saying that usdc has no is not you're saying that usdc has no is not you're saying that usdc has no is not. Immutable so it is not but if we did the clawback inheritance but if we did the clawback inheritance. Thing it wouldn't really matter you run thing it wouldn't really matter you run thing it wouldn't really matter you run. A contract you can check whether it has a contract you can check whether it has a contract you can check whether it has. Clawback enabled and you don't have to clawback enabled and you don't have to clawback enabled and you don't have to. Do the clawback cards and if you try to do the clawback cards and if you try to do the clawback cards and if you try to. Make a payment you'll just fail because make a payment you'll just fail because make a payment you'll just fail because. You're blacklisted   is there a next question we should move is there a next question we should move. Is there a next question we should move on to on to on to it's definitely no like like the thing. It's definitely no like like the thing it's definitely no like like the thing that this conversation is really shows. That this conversation is really shows that this conversation is really shows that it's going to be very hard for. That it's going to be very hard for that it's going to be very hard for people to write smart contracts that. People to write smart contracts that people to write smart contracts that don't break. Because if we are serious about because if we are serious about compliance and and. If we don't add compliance into like the if we don't add compliance into like the. If we don't add compliance into like the default default default thing that we're or like if we don't. Thing that we're or like if we don't thing that we're or like if we don't address this beyond what 48 currently. Address this beyond what 48 currently address this beyond what 48 currently defines. Defines defines theoretically people are still going to theoretically people are still going to. Theoretically people are still going to want functionality probably like this want functionality probably like this. Want functionality probably like this for some assets and so they're gonna go for some assets and so they're gonna go. For some assets and so they're gonna go and implement them this themselves I and implement them this themselves i. And implement them this themselves I guess guess guess in in in in a contract. In a contract in a contract and then are we gonna end up in the same and then are we gonna end up in the same. And then are we gonna end up in the same situation like you know there are people. Situation like you know there are people situation like you know there are people. Are gonna write like a liquidity pool are gonna write like a liquidity pool are gonna write like a liquidity pool. That doesn't handle those edge cases that doesn't handle those edge cases that doesn't handle those edge cases. Just like what just like what just like what john you were pointing out on happens. john you were pointing out on happens john you were pointing out on happens. On ethereum on ethereum on ethereum but to be clear I don't know that that's but to be clear I don't know that that's. But to be clear I don't know that that's true for a fact I suspected it right but. True for a fact I suspected it right but true for a fact I suspected it right but. I mean like we're going to end up we I mean like we're going to end up we I mean like we're going to end up we. Probably end up with something similar probably end up with something similar probably end up with something similar. Where we have the basic erc20 somebody where we have the basic erc20 somebody where we have the basic erc20 somebody. Goes and defines a blacklistable or a goes and defines a blacklistable or a goes and defines a blacklistable or a. Deny listable interface deny listable interface deny listable interface some people ignore that other people. Some people ignore that other people some people ignore that other people code around it. Code around it code around it it's I don't know it doesn't really it's I don't know it doesn't really. It's I don't know it doesn't really sound like we're actually avoiding the sound like we're actually avoiding the. Sound like we're actually avoiding the problem by not implementing it in ours problem by not implementing it in ours. Problem by not implementing it in ours we're just we're saying like we're just we're saying like. We're just we're saying like we're not going to provide that we're not going to provide that. We're not going to provide that interoperability if we don't I mean I don't disagree with you like. I mean I don't disagree with you like like like like if we don't provide this functionality. If we don't provide this functionality if we don't provide this functionality and people require it they will just. And people require it they will just and people require it they will just build it. Build it build it right so so by deciding to build it or right so so by deciding to build it or. Right so so by deciding to build it or not we're not actually changing with the not we're not actually changing with the. Not we're not actually changing with the weather whether the problem exists or weather whether the problem exists or. Weather whether the problem exists or not we're just saying that we're not not we're just saying that we're not. Not we're just saying that we're not going to going to going to support interoperability with these. Support interoperability with these support interoperability with these features of Stellar assets. Features of Stellar assets features of Stellar assets  right so I think what it comes down to i. Right so I think what it comes down to I think is that think is that think is that. It's like what I was saying like what we it's like what I was saying like what we. It's like what I was saying like what we need to then do is need to then do is need to then do is. Use use use classic assets as kind of the testing ground for what are those testing ground for what are those. Additional additional additional properties that you need to expose properties that you need to expose. Properties that you need to expose so that everybody from day one basically so that everybody from day one basically. So that everybody from day one basically handles those such cases handles those such cases. Handles those such cases there's like basically no chance we can there's like basically no chance we can. There's like basically no chance we can achieve that I want to emphasize like achieve that I want to emphasize like. Achieve that I want to emphasize like number like it could be as simple as number like it could be as simple as. Number like it could be as simple as yeah like exposing the art like yeah like exposing the art like. Yeah like exposing the art like some you know something I mean like my argument would be like. I mean like my argument would be like there's no way to globally handle there's no way to globally handle. There's no way to globally handle callback at least callback at least callback at least. Like like like the only thing that's going on the only thing that's going on the only thing that's going on. I'm not saying I'm not saying I'm not saying I'm not I'm not saying handle club like. I'm not I'm not saying handle club like I'm not I'm not saying handle club like clawback I think requires its own set of. Clawback I think requires its own set of clawback I think requires its own set of. Protocol like actual api you know like a protocol like actual api you know like a. Protocol like actual api you know like a when I say protocol here I mean like you. When I say protocol here I mean like you when I say protocol here I mean like you. Know what are like the know what are like the know what are like the the the the methods that you need to expose. The the methods that you need to expose as a smart contract in order to support as a smart contract in order to support. As a smart contract in order to support kind of a nice kind of a nice kind of a nice. Low friction clawback low friction clawback low friction clawback but I don't think that would be in scope. But I don't think that would be in scope but I don't think that would be in scope. In anytime soon in anytime soon in anytime soon like I think there is no basically like. Like I think there is no basically like like I think there is no basically like we don't really support glowback in. We don't really support glowback in we don't really support glowback in in in in smart. Smart smart I mean we don't support it as in you I mean we don't support it as in you. I mean we don't support it as in you know if if clawback is enabled well know if if clawback is enabled well. Know if if clawback is enabled well first you have to know about it first you have to know about it. First you have to know about it and then it potentially if you if it and then it potentially if you if it. And then it potentially if you if it can be enabled you have to be able to can be enabled you have to be able to. Can be enabled you have to be able to handle the situations where it would handle the situations where it would. Handle the situations where it would happen isn't isn't that enough like as long as. Isn't isn't that enough like as long as a contract can detect whether the assets a contract can detect whether the assets. A contract can detect whether the assets it is interacting with is clawback it is interacting with is clawback. It is interacting with is clawback enabled or sorry if sorry if the enabled or sorry if sorry if the. Enabled or sorry if sorry if the contracts trust line is callback and contracts trust line is callback and. Contracts trust line is callback and they would not the asset they would not the asset. They would not the asset then the contract knows whether it can then the contract knows whether it can. Then the contract knows whether it can take on that risk on or whether it wants take on that risk on or whether it wants. Take on that risk on or whether it wants to interact to interact to interact . because like we have the same problem because like we have the same problem because like we have the same problem. With starlight with the payment channels with starlight with the payment channels. With starlight with the payment channels like payment channels don't work or like payment channels don't work or. Like payment channels don't work or payment channels are not as safe payment channels are not as safe. Payment channels are not as safe if the assets can just be clawed back if the assets can just be clawed back. If the assets can just be clawed back out of the payment channel like the out of the payment channel like the. Out of the payment channel like the payment it's like undefined you end up payment it's like undefined you end up. Payment it's like undefined you end up in undefined behavior in undefined behavior. In undefined behavior and you know when we worked on that we and you know when we worked on that we. And you know when we worked on that we said well said well said well that's the risk you take if you do. That's the risk you take if you do that's the risk you take if you do multi-asset channels and if you do. Multi-asset channels and if you do multi-asset channels and if you do single asset channels like you just need. Single asset channels like you just need single asset channels like you just need. To work with the issuer to work with the issuer to work with the issuer so are we saying this is a problem just. So are we saying this is a problem just so are we saying this is a problem just because we expect people to write. Because we expect people to write because we expect people to write immutable contracts where there's no. Immutable contracts where there's no immutable contracts where there's no issue that you can go to like there's no. Issue that you can go to like there's no issue that you can go to like there's no. One you can like talk to one you can like talk to one you can like talk to about the problem like is that the. About the problem like is that the about the problem like is that the distinction. I mean I mean I think maybe like it I mean I mean I think maybe like it would help to have like . Would help to have like would help to have like like some concrete like some concrete. Like some concrete super concrete examples on the cable super concrete examples on the cable. Super concrete examples on the cable because I mean I think what's weird is because I mean I think what's weird is. Because I mean I think what's weird is that there's like there's that there's like there's. That there's like there's even without clawback enabled there's of even without clawback enabled there's of. Even without clawback enabled there's of course the ultimate clawback which is course the ultimate clawback which is. Course the ultimate clawback which is that someone could say we're not going that someone could say we're not going. That someone could say we're not going to honor this asset and we're going to to honor this asset and we're going to. To honor this asset and we're going to issue some new asset because something issue some new asset because something. Issue some new asset because something went horribly wrong right so you could went horribly wrong right so you could. Went horribly wrong right so you could always just make the issue can always always just make the issue can always. Always just make the issue can always make the token useless so I think that make the token useless so I think that. Make the token useless so I think that we're worried about this like we're worried about this like. We're worried about this like this I mean it's not maybe not this I mean it's not maybe not. This I mean it's not maybe not improbable but it's this kind of weird improbable but it's this kind of weird. Improbable but it's this kind of weird situation where someone kind of does situation where someone kind of does. Situation where someone kind of does something that is kind of changes the something that is kind of changes the. Something that is kind of changes the rules but such that we don't believe rules but such that we don't believe. Rules but such that we don't believe that the asset is worthless anymore but that the asset is worthless anymore but. That the asset is worthless anymore but now we no longer know whom it belongs to now we no longer know whom it belongs to. Now we no longer know whom it belongs to it some somehow like broken the it some somehow like broken the. It some somehow like broken the attribution of who owns the asset right attribution of who owns the asset right. Attribution of who owns the asset right like this is what we're worried about like this is what we're worried about. Like this is what we're worried about like if the asset were worthless okay like if the asset were worthless okay. Like if the asset were worthless okay fine that was the risk we took but if fine that was the risk we took but if. Fine that was the risk we took but if like that is still worth worth something like that is still worth worth something. Like that is still worth worth something but maybe there's a contract with two but maybe there's a contract with two. But maybe there's a contract with two units of a and two people who are units of a and two people who are. Units of a and two people who are allowed to claim it and suddenly you've allowed to claim it and suddenly you've. Allowed to claim it and suddenly you've clawed back one and now the semantic clawed back one and now the semantic. Clawed back one and now the semantic says whoever gets their first gets to says whoever gets their first gets to. Says whoever gets their first gets to claim their and the other person doesn't claim their and the other person doesn't. Claim their and the other person doesn't and we think that's unfair or like and we think that's unfair or like. And we think that's unfair or like otherwise could you just like paint some otherwise could you just like paint some. Otherwise could you just like paint some some of these like scenarios that we're some of these like scenarios that we're. Some of these like scenarios that we're concerned about concerned about concerned about. Like concretely what it might look like I mean I think one concrete scenario I mean I think one concrete scenario. Would be like you have a liquidity pool would be like you have a liquidity pool would be like you have a liquidity pool. That's pegged with like that between that's pegged with like that between that's pegged with like that between. Two two two usd usd usd like fully collateralized stable coins like fully collateralized stable coins. Like fully collateralized stable coins call them usdt and ustc and let's call them usdt and ustc and let's. Call them usdt and ustc and let's pretend for the sake of argument whether pretend for the sake of argument whether. Pretend for the sake of argument whether it's true or not that usdt is in fact it's true or not that usdt is in fact. It's true or not that usdt is in fact really actually truly collateralized I'm really actually truly collateralized I'm. Really actually truly collateralized I'm not making a statement whether it is or not making a statement whether it is or. Not making a statement whether it is or isn't in this context isn't in this context . Isn't in this context so let's pretend how about you and usd so let's pretend how about you and usd. So let's pretend how about you and usd sure great usdi and usdb and we'll just sure great usdi and usdb and we'll just. Sure great usdi and usdb and we'll just pretend we know which one's which but but . And basically like you have this pool and basically like you have this pool and basically like you have this pool. And let's say it's got like 100 million and let's say it's got like 100 million and let's say it's got like 100 million. Usda and 100 million usdb plus or minus usda and 100 million usdb plus or minus usda and 100 million usdb plus or minus. Epsilon on both sides because maybe the epsilon on both sides because maybe the epsilon on both sides because maybe the. Price is actually like 99 cents or 99.9 price is actually like 99 cents or 99.9 price is actually like 99 cents or 99.9. Cents or whatever who cares cents or whatever who cares cents or whatever who cares. And then the issuer of usdb is like oh and then the issuer of usdb is like oh and then the issuer of usdb is like oh. Actually that was like osama bin laden actually that was like osama bin laden actually that was like osama bin laden. My bad and gets a call from the us my bad and gets a call from the us my bad and gets a call from the us. Government and like revokes 25 million government and like revokes 25 million government and like revokes 25 million. Dollars dollars dollars and now the pool and I'm sorry I said and now the pool and I'm sorry I said. And now the pool and I'm sorry I said revoked I mean clause back 25 million revoked I mean clause back 25 million. Revoked I mean clause back 25 million dollars and now the pool is kind of in dollars and now the pool is kind of in. Dollars and now the pool is kind of in this like super bowl state this like super bowl state. This like super bowl state well actually well presumably what well actually well presumably what. Happened is immediately arbitragers happened is immediately arbitragers happened is immediately arbitragers. Would get in there and suck out a bunch would get in there and suck out a bunch would get in there and suck out a bunch. Of destroyed meaning sucked out to destroyed meaning sucked out to arbitrage arbitrage. Arbitrage and that's kind of bad and that's kind of bad and that's kind of bad . your only defense against this your only defense against this your only defense against this. Or you could either say like hey like I or you could either say like hey like I or you could either say like hey like i. Checked that this asset was clawbackable checked that this asset was clawbackable. Checked that this asset was clawbackable and like that's a risk you took by and like that's a risk you took by. And like that's a risk you took by putting money into this pool putting money into this pool. Putting money into this pool or you can put you can say like hey like or you can put you can say like hey like. Or you can put you can say like hey like you can't make a pool if it's you can't make a pool if it's. You can't make a pool if it's cloud-backable or you can have a guard cloud-backable or you can have a guard. Cloud-backable or you can have a guard that checks whether the balances are that checks whether the balances are. That checks whether the balances are still what those contracts thought let's still what those contracts thought let's. Still what those contracts thought let's let's can we step back from mechanism a let's can we step back from mechanism a. Let's can we step back from mechanism a second and say like what is it suppose second and say like what is it suppose. Second and say like what is it suppose that like what we can do is between any that like what we can do is between any. That like what we can do is between any two transactions we can do whatever we two transactions we can do whatever we. Two transactions we can do whatever we want right so like want right so like . Want right so like pretend we're god for a second and luke pretend we're god for a second and luke. Pretend we're god for a second and luke what is the ideal response to this what is the ideal response to this . What is the ideal response to this look like look like look like so first of all it seems a little is is. So first of all it seems a little is is so first of all it seems a little is is it is it. It is it it is it the terrorists who have actually the terrorists who have actually. The terrorists who have actually invested in the liquidity pool so so so it's like what you would really want. So it's like what you would really want so it's like what you would really want to do is sort of like revoke the assets. To do is sort of like revoke the assets to do is sort of like revoke the assets in proportion you'd want to kind of like. In proportion you'd want to kind of like in proportion you'd want to kind of like. Revoke some the us government can only revoke some the us government can only revoke some the us government can only. You know you know you know let's say revoke usda not usdb let's say revoke usda not usdb. Let's say revoke usda not usdb so what you should do is like you should so what you should do is like you should. So what you should do is like you should like freeze in proportion to what's been. Like freeze in proportion to what's been like freeze in proportion to what's been. Clawed back clawed back clawed back so that you keep the proportion of so that you keep the proportion of. So that you keep the proportion of assets the same assets the same assets the same. Right and ultimately ultimately the right and ultimately ultimately the right and ultimately ultimately the. Right thing to do is that the terrorists right thing to do is that the terrorists. Right thing to do is that the terrorists are not allowed to are not allowed to are not allowed to. withdraw their money from liquidity withdraw their money from liquidity withdraw their money from liquidity. Pool and everybody else it kind of is pool and everybody else it kind of is pool and everybody else it kind of is. Business as usual right business as usual right business as usual right right I think that's what yeah that's. Right I think that's what yeah that's right I think that's what yeah that's what you're doing the current product. What you're doing the current product what you're doing the current product you know in our classic protocol today. You know in our classic protocol today you know in our classic protocol today yeah exactly which one we have to. Yeah exactly which one we have to yeah exactly which one we have to withdraw like we first withdraw like the. Withdraw like we first withdraw like the withdraw like we first withdraw like the. The pull shares for that individual the pull shares for that individual the pull shares for that individual. But I don't know if we want to replicate but I don't know if we want to replicate. But I don't know if we want to replicate that behavior that behavior that behavior. Okay so can we first figure out what we okay so can we first figure out what we okay so can we first figure out what we. Would want in an ideal world and then would want in an ideal world and then would want in an ideal world and then. Figure out what whether there are figure out what whether there are figure out what whether there are. Sensible mechanisms that could achieve sensible mechanisms that could achieve sensible mechanisms that could achieve. It well what's your definition of what it well what's your definition of what it well what's your definition of what. You want you want you want that's what I'm trying to figure out that's what I'm trying to figure out. that's what I'm trying to figure out I mean like you know no I mean like I mean like you know no I mean like. I mean like you know no I mean like what's even like I guess maybe that's what's even like I guess maybe that's. What's even like I guess maybe that's what you're asking like what is even a what you're asking like what is even a. What you're asking like what is even a desirable aspect of this exactly desirable aspect of this exactly . Desirable aspect of this exactly like like like I guess let me describe to you what i. I guess let me describe to you what I guess let me describe to you what I would consider like the most ideal. Would consider like the most ideal would consider like the most ideal possible world. Possible world possible world great great great the most ideal possible world would. the most ideal possible world would the most ideal possible world would probably be that. Probably be that probably be that every contract like imagine you actually every contract like imagine you actually. Every contract like imagine you actually care about clawback I don't know if we care about clawback I don't know if we. Care about clawback I don't know if we do who cares but let's pretend so do who cares but let's pretend so. Do who cares but let's pretend so focusing on clawback like the most ideal focusing on clawback like the most ideal. Focusing on clawback like the most ideal possible world would probably be that possible world would probably be that. Possible world would probably be that every contract implements a like every contract implements a like. Every contract implements a like issuer clawback function issuer clawback function. Issuer clawback function and basically like the issuer's the and basically like the issuer's the. and basically like the issuer's the only one who can call that whatever you only one who can call that whatever you. Only one who can call that whatever you want the issuer to be I'm talking about want the issuer to be I'm talking about. Want the issuer to be I'm talking about native like classic assets native like classic assets. Native like classic assets and the issuer's first point of call is and the issuer's first point of call is. And the issuer's first point of call is to call that admin function when it to call that admin function when it. To call that admin function when it wants to do something wants to do something wants to do something. And if it does that the the contract and if it does that the the contract and if it does that the the contract. Hopefully does the right thing hopefully does the right thing hopefully does the right thing. And if the contract doesn't provide that and if the contract doesn't provide that. And if the contract doesn't provide that functionality or doesn't do the right functionality or doesn't do the right. Functionality or doesn't do the right thing then the issuer just takes thing then the issuer just takes. Thing then the issuer just takes whatever action is necessary in order whatever action is necessary in order. Whatever action is necessary in order for them to comply for them to comply for them to comply. Whatever that means and damn all who whatever that means and damn all who whatever that means and damn all who. Suffer that's probably like the best possible that's probably like the best possible. World you could achieve world you could achieve world you could achieve so like let's say that that's what we. So like let's say that that's what we so like let's say that that's what we wanted to happen. Wanted to happen wanted to happen okay so actually before I continue does okay so actually before I continue does. Okay so actually before I continue does anybody have a better world okay so basically we're adding a new. Okay so basically we're adding a new method that like you're you're required method that like you're you're required. Method that like you're you're required to implement or maybe there's a default to implement or maybe there's a default. To implement or maybe there's a default value but like the sensible way to value but like the sensible way to. Value but like the sensible way to implement it implement it implement it is that you know you you do whatever. Is that you know you you do whatever is that you know you you do whatever should happen but but like basically. Should happen but but like basically should happen but but like basically your contract gets to react every time. Your contract gets to react every time your contract gets to react every time funds are clawed back no no that's not. Funds are clawed back no no that's not funds are clawed back no no that's not what I'm saying oh sorry no. What I'm saying oh sorry no what I'm saying oh sorry no I guess where is this function defined is it. Where is this function defined is it defined on the contract that owns the defined on the contract that owns the. Defined on the contract that owns the asset or is it defined on every contract asset or is it defined on every contract. Asset or is it defined on every contract that that that holds an asset I guess yeah. I guess yeah every country could be the whole it has every country could be the whole it has. Every country could be the whole it has to be the contract that holds the asset to be the contract that holds the asset. To be the contract that holds the asset like the pool has to implement that like the pool has to implement that. Like the pool has to implement that thing yeah so the question is so the thing yeah so the question is so the. Thing yeah so the question is so the question is question is question is we could do this and so the question is. We could do this and so the question is we could do this and so the question is like is there a sensible default like do. Like is there a sensible default like do like is there a sensible default like do. We force everybody to implement this or we force everybody to implement this or we force everybody to implement this or. Like you know but then that's like a like you know but then that's like a like you know but then that's like a. Barrier to like deploying your your barrier to like deploying your your barrier to like deploying your your. Smart contract because I just like write smart contract because I just like write. Smart contract because I just like write more code or is there some kind of more code or is there some kind of. More code or is there some kind of default like the default is like the default like the default is like the. Default like the default is like the contract is frozen until it gets contract is frozen until it gets. Contract is frozen until it gets upgraded or something or I don't know upgraded or something or I don't know. Upgraded or something or I don't know like like like I think the default should be you can. I think the default should be you can I think the default should be you can opt out basically of this whole thing. Opt out basically of this whole thing opt out basically of this whole thing like you can basically say I don't want. Like you can basically say I don't want like you can basically say I don't want to deal with assets that have those type. To deal with assets that have those type to deal with assets that have those type. Of properties of properties of properties because it's you know I see so if you because it's you know I see so if you. Because it's you know I see so if you haven't implemented this function then haven't implemented this function then. Haven't implemented this function then you just can't hold certain assets that you just can't hold certain assets that. You just can't hold certain assets that are are are no I totally don't think this makes any. No I totally don't think this makes any no I totally don't think this makes any sense because I can implement this. Sense because I can implement this sense because I can implement this function and just. Function and just function and just assert assert assert that could be my whole implementation. That could be my whole implementation that could be my whole implementation that's what I mean so assert basically. That's what I mean so assert basically that's what I mean so assert basically says freeze the smart contract until. Says freeze the smart contract until says freeze the smart contract until and you know as as soon as any funds. and you know as as soon as any funds and you know as as soon as any funds have been called back from it. Have been called back from it have been called back from it I'm sorry I cut off late. Yeah so he's put his contract yeah yeah yeah so he's put his contract yeah yeah I guess no like I think david is. I guess no like I think david is I guess no like I think david is probably right probably right. Probably right you don't want to you don't want to kind of have like the you don't want to kind of have like the. Like in the case of a pool right like in the case of a pool right like in the case of a pool right. You probably don't want to have like you probably don't want to have like you probably don't want to have like . An arbitrary amount taken under your an arbitrary amount taken under your an arbitrary amount taken under your. Feet because this breaks all your feet because this breaks all your feet because this breaks all your. Environs environs environs instead you want to instead you want to instead you want to. Just like what you want that to happen just like what you want that to happen just like what you want that to happen. And probably in addition and probably in addition and probably in addition the contract gets completely stopped. The contract gets completely stopped the contract gets completely stopped the default I'm talking about the. The default I'm talking about the the default I'm talking about the default yeah so the default is that it. Default yeah so the default is that it default yeah so the default is that it should stop the contract but also it. Should stop the contract but also it should stop the contract but also it should grant someone permission to. Should grant someone permission to should grant someone permission to upgrade the contract or something. Upgrade the contract or something upgrade the contract or something right right right. I mean you know I mean like basically what we need is I mean like basically what we need is. Like human intervention right like we like human intervention right like we like human intervention right like we. Did this thing assuming that these did this thing assuming that these did this thing assuming that these. Dollars were fine and suddenly like the dollars were fine and suddenly like the dollars were fine and suddenly like the. Rules have completely changed so of rules have completely changed so of rules have completely changed so of. Course we could just lock all the assets course we could just lock all the assets. Course we could just lock all the assets in perpetuity or we could like in perpetuity or we could like. In perpetuity or we could like you know figure out some way to like you you know figure out some way to like you. You know figure out some way to like you know arbitrate the situation you know. Know arbitrate the situation you know know arbitrate the situation you know. Which which which might require human judgment because might require human judgment because. Might require human judgment because this wasn't something we just put like a this wasn't something we just put like a. This wasn't something we just put like a yeah like yeah like yeah like 20 digits proof of work you know unlock. 20 digits proof of work you know unlock 20 digits proof of work you know unlock code on it. Code on it code on it so I want to go back to something that so I want to go back to something that. So I want to go back to something that you said david like oh like what you you said david like oh like what you. You said david like oh like what you know if you don't define this function know if you don't define this function. Know if you don't define this function then you know you don't support these then you know you don't support these. Then you know you don't support these type of assets I think like we're type of assets I think like we're. Type of assets I think like we're talking about two different things here talking about two different things here. Talking about two different things here like there's like there's like there's contracts deciding if they want to use. Contracts deciding if they want to use contracts deciding if they want to use an asset and they can do that if we. An asset and they can do that if we an asset and they can do that if we provide a way for them just to read. Provide a way for them just to read provide a way for them just to read their own trust line like does my trust. Their own trust line like does my trust their own trust line like does my trust line. Line line have have have clawback enabled clawback enabled clawback enabled simple function simple flag. Simple function simple flag simple function simple flag no no but I'm saying like if if a. No no but I'm saying like if if a no no but I'm saying like if if a contract has any trust line that gets. Contract has any trust line that gets contract has any trust line that gets clawed back then there has to be a then. Clawed back then there has to be a then clawed back then there has to be a then there's a function to kind of deal with. There's a function to kind of deal with there's a function to kind of deal with that there's like a car yes so I think. That there's like a car yes so I think that there's like a car yes so I think what we're talking about is is hooks or. What we're talking about is is hooks or what we're talking about is is hooks or the idea of to hook into an event that's. The idea of to hook into an event that's the idea of to hook into an event that's. Happening happening happening rather rather than rather than having a rather rather than rather than having a. Rather rather than rather than having a function that does the thing that needs function that does the thing that needs. Function that does the thing that needs to happen we just want like a function to happen we just want like a function. To happen we just want like a function that notifies the contract this is that notifies the contract this is. That notifies the contract this is happening happening happening whether you like it or not because you. Whether you like it or not because you whether you like it or not because you decided to hold a claw backable asset so. Decided to hold a claw backable asset so decided to hold a claw backable asset so. Like once you hold it you can't get out like once you hold it you can't get out like once you hold it you can't get out. Of this happening of this happening of this happening and then you just get told when it. And then you just get told when it and then you just get told when it happens happens. Happens so so so contracts don't have to provide that contracts don't have to provide that. Contracts don't have to provide that function if they don't care that it function if they don't care that it. Function if they don't care that it happens it'll just happen and the happens it'll just happen and the. Happens it'll just happen and the consequences will just be whatever they consequences will just be whatever they. Consequences will just be whatever they are are are but if you care about it and you want to. But if you care about it and you want to but if you care about it and you want to. Mutate your internal state maybe or mutate your internal state maybe or mutate your internal state maybe or. Update something then you have the update something then you have the update something then you have the. Option to do that option to do that option to do that but I guess what we're anticipating is. But I guess what we're anticipating is but I guess what we're anticipating is that there are a bunch of situations. That there are a bunch of situations that there are a bunch of situations where people write contracts without. Where people write contracts without where people write contracts without any possible idea like they just can't. Any possible idea like they just can't any possible idea like they just can't imagine that usdc would ever like try to. Imagine that usdc would ever like try to imagine that usdc would ever like try to. Claw back their asset claw back their asset claw back their asset and yet you know two years later usdc. And yet you know two years later usdc and yet you know two years later usdc like sets the claw backable whatever. Like sets the claw backable whatever like sets the claw backable whatever it's called clawback enabled flag on. It's called clawback enabled flag on it's called clawback enabled flag on their account and actually like claws. Their account and actually like claws their account and actually like claws something back right and so basically. Something back right and so basically something back right and so basically that though like so clawback is designed. That though like so clawback is designed that though like so clawback is designed. So that once you hold once you have a so that once you hold once you have a so that once you hold once you have a. Truss line you can't get enabled so I truss line you can't get enabled so I truss line you can't get enabled so i. Mean we've already designed around that mean we've already designed around that mean we've already designed around that. I think I think I think the other the other thing we can do the other the other thing we can do. the other the other thing we can do is you know we can make the sdk is you know we can make the sdk. Is you know we can make the sdk or however you're interacting you're or however you're interacting you're. or however you're interacting you're writing contracts so that when the writing contracts so that when the. Writing contracts so that when the account account account when the contract says I'm willing to. When the contract says I'm willing to when the contract says I'm willing to hold an asset I'm assuming that we're. Hold an asset I'm assuming that we're hold an asset I'm assuming that we're going to have some way of saying that. Going to have some way of saying that going to have some way of saying that like on Stellar like on classic. like on Stellar like on classic like on Stellar like on classic you have to explicitly say that. you have to explicitly say that you have to explicitly say that you're going to allow the outside to be. You're going to allow the outside to be you're going to allow the outside to be clawbackable. Clawbackable clawbackable and then you know maybe that call fails and then you know maybe that call fails. And then you know maybe that call fails if you just haven't passed that flag in if you just haven't passed that flag in. If you just haven't passed that flag in if the asset is clawbackable if the asset is clawbackable. If the asset is clawbackable like so then coming back I think john like so then coming back I think john like. Your example then is not so scary your example then is not so scary your example then is not so scary. Because in your example either usda or because in your example either usda or because in your example either usda or. Usdb already had to be usdb already had to be usdb already had to be have clawback enabled right so is. have clawback enabled right so is have clawback enabled right so is there some other example that's more. There some other example that's more there some other example that's more scary so so actually just to be clear. Scary so so actually just to be clear scary so so actually just to be clear the proposal I wrote. The proposal I wrote the proposal I wrote the like the like the like it was actually based off of the current. It was actually based off of the current it was actually based off of the current. Flag so like things could become flag so like things could become flag so like things could become. Claw-backable later we don't have to do claw-backable later we don't have to do claw-backable later we don't have to do. It like that it like that it like that but they can't become callbackable but they can't become callbackable. but they can't become callbackable later for an existing trust line well later for an existing trust line well. Later for an existing trust line well that's how it's that's how like the that's how it's that's how like the. That's how it's that's how like the current stuff works that's not what my current stuff works that's not what my. Current stuff works that's not what my proposal specified at least not cat proposal specified at least not cat. Proposal specified at least not cat 49 cap 48 I guess does work like that 49 cap 48 I guess does work like that. 49 cap 48 I guess does work like that kind of default it doesn't have to be kind of default it doesn't have to be. Kind of default it doesn't have to be like that we could make it all work like. Like that we could make it all work like like that we could make it all work like. This this this just a little extra complexity to deal just a little extra complexity to deal. Just a little extra complexity to deal with some stuff but it might save with some stuff but it might save. With some stuff but it might save complexity somewhere else complexity somewhere else. Complexity somewhere else but the thing that I'm like skeptical but the thing that I'm like skeptical. But the thing that I'm like skeptical about here is like the notion of a about here is like the notion of a. About here is like the notion of a callback here like you probably don't callback here like you probably don't. Callback here like you probably don't want to do callbacks want to do callbacks want to do callbacks. callback it could be that like the the callback it could be that like the the. Callback it could be that like the the contract is stuck until someone calls contract is stuck until someone calls. Contract is stuck until someone calls the the un the the cleanup clawback the the un the the cleanup clawback. The the un the the cleanup clawback method or something but method or something but. Method or something but my argument would really be like to my argument would really be like to. My argument would really be like to implement this the whole opposite way implement this the whole opposite way. Implement this the whole opposite way which is basically like hey like we have which is basically like hey like we have. Which is basically like hey like we have a strong recommendation for you to a strong recommendation for you to. A strong recommendation for you to implement this function implement this function. Implement this function and if you implement it we encourage and if you implement it we encourage. And if you implement it we encourage issuers to use it issuers to use it issuers to use it. There is no promise that they will because at the end of the day like because at the end of the day like. Because at the end of the day like if the issuer needs to do something if the issuer needs to do something. If the issuer needs to do something unilaterally they should be able to and unilaterally they should be able to and. Unilaterally they should be able to and since then sure but since then sure but since then sure but. Why should this be up to the issuers why should this be up to the issuers why should this be up to the issuers. Like the like the like the I guess what I'm saying is like the the I guess what I'm saying is like the the. I guess what I'm saying is like the the invocation should be a result of invocation should be a result of. Invocation should be a result of something happening on classic not of something happening on classic not of. Something happening on classic not of the issue or doing some kind of smart the issue or doing some kind of smart. The issue or doing some kind of smart contract thing contract thing contract thing. No it definitely has to be a smart no it definitely has to be a smart no it definitely has to be a smart. Contractor thing first of all because contractor thing first of all because contractor thing first of all because. Definitely should not be the issuer not definitely should not be the issuer not definitely should not be the issuer not. Paying gas to clean up other people's paying gas to clean up other people's paying gas to clean up other people's. Smart contracts who did not smart contracts who did not smart contracts who did not . Who did not like anticipate something who did not like anticipate something who did not like anticipate something. Being well that that raises a problem being well that that raises a problem being well that that raises a problem. Then because like if I ride my hook my then because like if I ride my hook my then because like if I ride my hook my. Callback to use like some obscene amount callback to use like some obscene amount. Callback to use like some obscene amount of gas like who's going to pay for that of gas like who's going to pay for that. Of gas like who's going to pay for that what that's the point like somebody who what that's the point like somebody who. What that's the point like somebody who cares about that contract cares about that contract. Cares about that contract what no oh well you're saying if it's what no oh well you're saying if it's. What no oh well you're saying if it's called at a different time I mean at the end of the day like. I mean at the end of the day like the the the callback could always fail callback could always fail. Callback could always fail right right right even if you implement it and you think. Even if you implement it and you think even if you implement it and you think it won't fail it could still like for. It won't fail it could still like for it won't fail it could still like for example like consider like a usda usdb. Example like consider like a usda usdb example like consider like a usda usdb liquidity pool right. Liquidity pool right liquidity pool right what does a clawback on Stellar do well. What does a clawback on Stellar do well what does a clawback on Stellar do well it returns both assets well what if the. It returns both assets well what if the it returns both assets well what if the other asset you were already. Other asset you were already other asset you were already frozen well then the operation would. Frozen well then the operation would frozen well then the operation would fail and so they look like at the end of. Fail and so they look like at the end of fail and so they look like at the end of. The day like there has to be the support the day like there has to be the support. The day like there has to be the support for a unilateral clawback anyway and the. For a unilateral clawback anyway and the for a unilateral clawback anyway and the. Contract has to handle that contract has to handle that contract has to handle that. and so like in the world where there is and so like in the world where there is. And so like in the world where there is a unilateral clawback we might as well a unilateral clawback we might as well. A unilateral clawback we might as well just say that the contract should supply just say that the contract should supply. Just say that the contract should supply a function and the issuer should call it. A function and the issuer should call it a function and the issuer should call it. But you have to deal with it if they but you have to deal with it if they but you have to deal with it if they. Don't anyway don't anyway don't anyway if if anybody can call this function is. If if anybody can call this function is if if anybody can call this function is that like can can anybody call a. That like can can anybody call a that like can can anybody call a function function. Function I would say that it would have it should I would say that it would have it should. I would say that it would have it should have a guard on the issuer type of thing. Have a guard on the issuer type of thing have a guard on the issuer type of thing. so basically it should check like hey so basically it should check like hey. so basically it should check like hey like is the person who can call this the. Like is the person who can call this the like is the person who can call this the. Person who can call it person who can call it person who can call it I mean presumably what it should do. I mean presumably what it should do I mean presumably what it should do like the function should like. Like the function should like like the function should like examine all the trust lines and if. Examine all the trust lines and if examine all the trust lines and if they're all in the expected state not do. They're all in the expected state not do they're all in the expected state not do. Anything and otherwise clean up the mass anything and otherwise clean up the mass. Anything and otherwise clean up the mass yeah I feel like what we're describing yeah I feel like what we're describing. Yeah I feel like what we're describing is like some general function like we're is like some general function like we're. Is like some general function like we're actually just going a more general actually just going a more general. Actually just going a more general function that just is function that just is function that just is. Something might be wrong go check your something might be wrong go check your something might be wrong go check your. State state state yeah figure it out if it's not and like yeah figure it out if it's not and like. Yeah figure it out if it's not and like we're not actually talking about we're not actually talking about. We're not actually talking about callbacks specifically we're more callbacks specifically we're more. Callbacks specifically we're more talking about how to get a contract talking about how to get a contract. Talking about how to get a contract unstuck that gets in a bad state unstuck that gets in a bad state. Unstuck that gets in a bad state that's not really talking sure yeah that's not really talking sure yeah. That's not really talking sure yeah that's way harder to try like that's way harder to try like. That's way harder to try like there's only one if you're in a there's only one if you're in a. There's only one if you're in a generically borked state there's only generically borked state there's only. Generically borked state there's only one solution one solution one solution human intervention. Human intervention human intervention that's the only possible solution if that's the only possible solution if. That's the only possible solution if you're generically borked you're generically borked . You're generically borked because in what way are you borked well because in what way are you borked well. Because in what way are you borked well only a human can determine that unless only a human can determine that unless. Only a human can determine that unless you've written a program that can you've written a program that can. You've written a program that can analyze the state of all the program of analyze the state of all the program of. Analyze the state of all the program of like all the possible states that you're like all the possible states that you're. Like all the possible states that you're in in in and since like that sounds generally. And since like that sounds generally and since like that sounds generally hard and like generally not feasible in. Hard and like generally not feasible in hard and like generally not feasible in a gas like research constrained world. A gas like research constrained world a gas like research constrained world there's like no hope of that. There's like no hope of that there's like no hope of that so so so okay so the distinction of the function. Okay so the distinction of the function okay so the distinction of the function you're talking about is that because. You're talking about is that because you're talking about is that because only the issuer could call this because. Only the issuer could call this because only the issuer could call this because there's a guard for that. There's a guard for that there's a guard for that me writing a contract I can trust the. Me writing a contract I can trust the me writing a contract I can trust the issue we'll only call this if they are. Issue we'll only call this if they are issue we'll only call this if they are in fact doing this thing. In fact doing this thing in fact doing this thing I'm very clearly saying like I'm very clearly saying like. I'm very clearly saying like there's no protocol specifications here there's no protocol specifications here. There's no protocol specifications here at all at all at all the only thing I'm saying is like it is. The only thing I'm saying is like it is the only thing I'm saying is like it is a recommendation to people who write. A recommendation to people who write a recommendation to people who write contracts that they should provide a. Contracts that they should provide a contracts that they should provide a function that implements clawback if. Function that implements clawback if function that implements clawback if they would like to hold callbackable. They would like to hold callbackable they would like to hold callbackable assets right but as the contract author. Assets right but as the contract author assets right but as the contract author I need to be thinking about where my. I need to be thinking about where my I need to be thinking about where my trust lies so if this function is going. Trust lies so if this function is going trust lies so if this function is going to mutate the internal state of my. To mutate the internal state of my to mutate the internal state of my contract contract. Contract I i've got to be trusting the issuer to i've got to be trusting the issuer to. I've got to be trusting the issuer to only call it only call it only call it when this is actually happening. When this is actually happening when this is actually happening I don't necessarily know what you. I don't necessarily know what you I don't necessarily know what you mean like. Mean like mean like the the function should be implemented the the function should be implemented. The the function should be implemented in such a way that it leave like it like in such a way that it leave like it like. In such a way that it leave like it like leaves your contract in a same state so leaves your contract in a same state so. Leaves your contract in a same state so like like like if you want it to only be callable by. If you want it to only be callable by if you want it to only be callable by the issuer which would be the same thing. The issuer which would be the same thing the issuer which would be the same thing. To do you should check that to do you should check that to do you should check that. But you don't have to check that in but you don't have to check that in but you don't have to check that in. Theory you could let anybody close out theory you could let anybody close out theory you could let anybody close out. On your contract it just sucks you do on your contract it just sucks you do on your contract it just sucks you do. Not want to be called by the issuer not want to be called by the issuer not want to be called by the issuer. Right the issuer is not in general going right the issuer is not in general going. Right the issuer is not in general going to know about every smart contract using. To know about every smart contract using to know about every smart contract using. Their asset well you want to be you want their asset well you want to be you want. Their asset well you want to be you want to be callable by anyone but only do to be callable by anyone but only do. To be callable by anyone but only do anything if like something unexpected is anything if like something unexpected is. Anything if like something unexpected is happening in the state of your trust happening in the state of your trust. happening in the state of your trust lines right so you want like a basically lines right so you want like a basically. Lines right so you want like a basically you want basically a like like a you want basically a like like a. You want basically a like like a board on board board on board board on board check that's at the beginning of most of. Check that's at the beginning of most of check that's at the beginning of most of. Your methods right and then you want to your methods right and then you want to your methods right and then you want to. Clean up the mess method that like clean up the mess method that like clean up the mess method that like. Anybody can call to like clean up the anybody can call to like clean up the. Anybody can call to like clean up the thing that's causing all the other thing that's causing all the other. Thing that's causing all the other methods to I think john's function methods to I think john's function. Methods to I think john's function the issuer is clawing back from the the issuer is clawing back from the. the issuer is clawing back from the contracts account and so the issue knows contracts account and so the issue knows. Contracts account and so the issue knows about the contract in this case because about the contract in this case because. About the contract in this case because they're clawing it back so that's why they're clawing it back so that's why. They're clawing it back so that's why they know to call that function on on they know to call that function on on. They know to call that function on on the contract the contract the contract and I mean. Clearly why did they care like that's clearly why did they care like that's not like maybe the issuer only does. Not like maybe the issuer only does not like maybe the issuer only does classic you know like. Classic you know like classic you know like like does usdc care about smart like does usdc care about smart. Like does usdc care about smart contracts like they're there to provide contracts like they're there to provide. Contracts like they're there to provide an asset that has a well-defined you an asset that has a well-defined you. An asset that has a well-defined you know redemption path and like that's know redemption path and like that's. Know redemption path and like that's fine they're not here to like parse fine they're not here to like parse. Fine they're not here to like parse people's smart contracts and spend a people's smart contracts and spend a. People's smart contracts and spend a bunch of gas doing whatever right so bunch of gas doing whatever right so. Bunch of gas doing whatever right so I feel like I feel like I feel like what what we need to do is just have. What what we need to do is just have what what we need to do is just have a way. A way a way for for for a people who care about a smart contract a people who care about a smart contract. A people who care about a smart contract to clean up the mess when the smart to clean up the mess when the smart. To clean up the mess when the smart contracts assumptions about assets are contracts assumptions about assets are. Contracts assumptions about assets are no longer correct no longer correct no longer correct. Or about trust lines which in theory or about trust lines which in theory or about trust lines which in theory. Where you know we've been talking about where you know we've been talking about where you know we've been talking about. Mutable contracts so like mutable contracts so like mutable contracts so like even if a contract. Even if a contract even if a contract is in the worst possible state somebody is in the worst possible state somebody. Is in the worst possible state somebody can upload a new version of that can upload a new version of that. Can upload a new version of that contract to fix it only if somebody can contract to fix it only if somebody can. Contract to fix it only if somebody can actually do so actually do so actually do so. Right but like nico nico protested right but like nico nico protested right but like nico nico protested. Against my notion that these contracts against my notion that these contracts against my notion that these contracts. Would even be mutable if they're mutable would even be mutable if they're mutable. Would even be mutable if they're mutable there's no problem there's no problem there's no problem. Like in the world where the contracts like in the world where the contracts like in the world where the contracts. Are immutable and somebody actually has are immutable and somebody actually has are immutable and somebody actually has. The authority to mute them mutate them the authority to mute them mutate them the authority to mute them mutate them. Whether that is like an issue like not whether that is like an issue like not whether that is like an issue like not. An issue sorry an organization an entity an issue sorry an organization an entity. An issue sorry an organization an entity or a person or a person or a person there's no problem the accounts get. There's no problem the accounts get there's no problem the accounts get frozen frozen. Frozen or the accounts get called back the or the accounts get called back the or the accounts get called back the. Issuer just you know the owner of that issuer just you know the owner of that issuer just you know the owner of that. Contract just calls up the issuer of the contract just calls up the issuer of the. Contract just calls up the issuer of the asset and says like hey like how do we asset and says like hey like how do we. Asset and says like hey like how do we fix this problem oh this is how we need fix this problem oh this is how we need. Fix this problem oh this is how we need to mutate the state cool i'll write the to mutate the state cool i'll write the. To mutate the state cool i'll write the function to do that I mean one can function to do that I mean one can. Function to do that I mean one can imagine you know wanting to set up a imagine you know wanting to set up a. Imagine you know wanting to set up a contract that you can only change when contract that you can only change when. Contract that you can only change when it gets worked or something like you it gets worked or something like you. It gets worked or something like you know know know maybe there's value for like yes if. Maybe there's value for like yes if maybe there's value for like yes if suddenly like uscc gets called back then. Suddenly like uscc gets called back then suddenly like uscc gets called back then. I get the ability to upgrade this I get the ability to upgrade this I get the ability to upgrade this. Contract but usually I don't want this contract but usually I don't want this contract but usually I don't want this. Ability because like you know the ability because like you know the ability because like you know the. Contract should be its own logic that contract should be its own logic that contract should be its own logic that. Would be easy to write though you could would be easy to write though you could would be easy to write though you could. Write that contract that's not hard you can do that without that's not hard you can do that without. Any magic at all any magic at all any magic at all so so so I don't know I feel like we're not. I don't know I feel like we're not I don't know I feel like we're not all talking about the same thing here. All talking about the same thing here all talking about the same thing here and I think that's why we're not. And I think that's why we're not and I think that's why we're not agreeing on stuff like. Agreeing on stuff like agreeing on stuff like what kind of clawbacks are there other. What kind of clawbacks are there other what kind of clawbacks are there other like types of edge case or edge cases. Like types of edge case or edge cases like types of edge case or edge cases that that this would apply to or is that. That that this would apply to or is that that that this would apply to or is that. Or is it just the club like sorry or is it just the club like sorry or is it just the club like sorry. Classic clawbacks classic clawbacks classic clawbacks a clawback enabled asset that gets the. A clawback enabled asset that gets the a clawback enabled asset that gets the trip that that invokes clawback classic. Trip that that invokes clawback classic trip that that invokes clawback classic clawback right are there other state. Clawback right are there other state clawback right are there other state changes that could happen on classic. Changes that could happen on classic changes that could happen on classic that would lead to this situation or is. That would lead to this situation or is that would lead to this situation or is this limited to clawbacks. I mean like getting frozen would be I mean like getting frozen would be not as complicated but equally bad so an. Not as complicated but equally bad so an not as complicated but equally bad so an. Auth required token where you auth required token where you auth required token where you. Deauthorize the trust line so there are deauthorize the trust line so there are deauthorize the trust line so there are. The other auth flags because because the other auth flags because because the other auth flags because because. It's also like can we just say hey no it's also like can we just say hey no it's also like can we just say hey no. No no no clawback enabled clawback enabled clawback enabled assets in smart contracts can't use them. Maybe I mean like here's a way that you maybe I mean like here's a way that you could implement this. Could implement this could implement this if we wanted that basically like if we wanted that basically like. If we wanted that basically like you can only you can only you can only send send. Send you can only create a in the cat 48 you can only create a in the cat 48 you can only create a in the cat 48. World you can only create a trust line world you can only create a trust line world you can only create a trust line. For a smart contract to an asset for a smart contract to an asset for a smart contract to an asset. That is already that is already that is already going basically like that operation of. Going basically like that operation of going basically like that operation of creating the trust line would fail if. Creating the trust line would fail if creating the trust line would fail if you would end up with the. You would end up with the you would end up with the clawback enabled flag on your. clawback enabled flag on your clawback enabled flag on your trustline and then you just never end up. Trustline and then you just never end up trustline and then you just never end up. In this world in this world in this world yeah I think we should just make it like. Yeah I think we should just make it like yeah I think we should just make it like. A choice you know you call a choice you know you call a choice you know you call trust trustline with no options and. Trust trustline with no options and trust trustline with no options and that's the case it just fails if it's. That's the case it just fails if it's that's the case it just fails if it's callback enabled or there's like an. Callback enabled or there's like an callback enabled or there's like an additional flag or option you can pass. Additional flag or option you can pass additional flag or option you can pass that just says like. That just says like that just says like I'm willing to go the I'm willing to go the. I'm willing to go the potentially unsafe unsafe route of potentially unsafe unsafe route of. Potentially unsafe unsafe route of having a trust line that's called like having a trust line that's called like. Having a trust line that's called like enabled and then at least it's surfaced enabled and then at least it's surfaced. Enabled and then at least it's surfaced to the developer like it's in their face to the developer like it's in their face. To the developer like it's in their face it's the same thing that we're talking it's the same thing that we're talking. It's the same thing that we're talking about with re-entry yeah the surface so about with re-entry yeah the surface so. About with re-entry yeah the surface so they know about it they know about it they know about it. Dave dave dave david on the context of the cleanup david on the context of the cleanup. David on the context of the cleanup method I think the big issue with the method I think the big issue with the. Method I think the big issue with the cleanup method is like there are worlds cleanup method is like there are worlds. Cleanup method is like there are worlds that you can enter where you don't know that you can enter where you don't know. That you can enter where you don't know how to clean up how to clean up how to clean up. Like you don't necessarily know what like you don't necessarily know what like you don't necessarily know what. Like suppose that an issue or claws back like suppose that an issue or claws back. Like suppose that an issue or claws back from your contract from your contract from your contract. Do you know why they did that do you know why they did that do you know why they did that. So how do you fix the state of your so how do you fix the state of your so how do you fix the state of your. Contract well I'm thinking like what the contract well I'm thinking like what the. Contract well I'm thinking like what the cleanup method could do is it could like. Cleanup method could do is it could like cleanup method could do is it could like. Add a signing key to or somehow like add a signing key to or somehow like add a signing key to or somehow like. Enable the author of the contract to enable the author of the contract to enable the author of the contract to. Upgrade it for example or upgrade it for example or upgrade it for example or like it goes in safe mode or something. Like it goes in safe mode or something and then unlock some like a maintenance and then unlock some like a maintenance. And then unlock some like a maintenance I think that's one of the I think that's one of the. I think that's one of the like like like like patterns that some smart contracts. Like patterns that some smart contracts like patterns that some smart contracts have already like you have like even the. Have already like you have like even the have already like you have like even the. Ones that have like a dial like you have ones that have like a dial like you have. Ones that have like a dial like you have you know you can basically go into this you know you can basically go into this. You know you can basically go into this maintenance mode maintenance mode maintenance mode. It just takes like a week or something it just takes like a week or something it just takes like a week or something. Like it's not like it's not like it's not instant instant instant there was a bug a few months ago. There was a bug a few months ago there was a bug a few months ago actually on a I think a bridge protocol. Actually on a I think a bridge protocol actually on a I think a bridge protocol or something where. Or something where or something where it was not a week it was like a second it was not a week it was like a second. It was not a week it was like a second instead but instead but instead but yeah yeah. Yeah I just I don't know personally I just I just I don't know personally I just. I just I don't know personally I just feel like we're making this really feel like we're making this really. Feel like we're making this really complicated like complicated like complicated like. At the end of the day I feel like at the end of the day I feel like at the end of the day I feel like. Usability should be front of mind for usability should be front of mind for usability should be front of mind for. Developers developers developers and like if we make this complicated and like if we make this complicated. And like if we make this complicated nobody's going to use it and then we nobody's going to use it and then we. Nobody's going to use it and then we failed failed failed right right right. So so so can I say can I say can I say the question is so the point but so the the question is so the point but so the. The question is so the point but so the only we would need to have a default for only we would need to have a default for. Only we would need to have a default for this method right so like we're not this method right so like we're not. This method right so like we're not saying like everybody has to implement a saying like everybody has to implement a. Saying like everybody has to implement a method but but like basically method but but like basically. Method but but like basically basically the the problem is that like basically the the problem is that like. People are going to make assumptions people are going to make assumptions people are going to make assumptions. About trust lines and every once in a about trust lines and every once in a about trust lines and every once in a. While these assumptions may like while these assumptions may like while these assumptions may like. Break you know like a way that would break you know like a way that would break you know like a way that would. Cause like really weird like you know cause like really weird like you know cause like really weird like you know. Unspecified behavior of of the smart unspecified behavior of of the smart unspecified behavior of of the smart. Contract and so contract and so contract and so should we have some default thing where. Should we have some default thing where should we have some default thing where like by default the the contract like. Like by default the the contract like like by default the the contract like enters maintenance mode or whatever. Enters maintenance mode or whatever enters maintenance mode or whatever when these assumptions are broken I mean. When these assumptions are broken I mean when these assumptions are broken I mean. That assumes that we like we impose a that assumes that we like we impose a that assumes that we like we impose a. Maintenance mode onto the entire world maintenance mode onto the entire world maintenance mode onto the entire world. And I just don't think we should and I just don't think we should and I just don't think we should. Like if you want that behavior well you like if you want that behavior well you like if you want that behavior well you. Said assert what happens when an assert said assert what happens when an assert said assert what happens when an assert. Fails like are you seriously thinking fails like are you seriously thinking fails like are you seriously thinking. About having an assert about having an assert about having an assert well what I meant about in a search was. Well what I meant about in a search was well what I meant about in a search was like I was actually giving you a. Like I was actually giving you a like I was actually giving you a pathological case of where what you were. Pathological case of where what you were pathological case of where what you were. Proposing wouldn't work for the cleanup proposing wouldn't work for the cleanup proposing wouldn't work for the cleanup. Oh it's just it just asserts and fails oh it's just it just asserts and fails oh it's just it just asserts and fails. It says nothing you cannot do it it's it says nothing you cannot do it it's. It says nothing you cannot do it it's like oh what what's good did that do you. Like oh what what's good did that do you like oh what what's good did that do you. Right like anybody can like that I right like anybody can like that I right like anybody can like that i. For an assert to have to have an asset for an assert to have to have an asset for an assert to have to have an asset. You also need to write that condition you also need to write that condition you also need to write that condition. In the first place right like in the first place right like in the first place right like. No no I'm saying that's not like a false no no I'm saying that's not like a false. No no I'm saying that's not like a false that's that's no no no I see yeah that's that's no no no I see yeah. That's that's no no no I see yeah number like even no but like I was even number like even no but like I was even. Number like even no but like I was even thinking for like thinking for like thinking for like. You know even if you have like all the you know even if you have like all the you know even if you have like all the. Defaults and all that stuff like you defaults and all that stuff like you defaults and all that stuff like you. Have to write your environs in a way have to write your environs in a way have to write your environs in a way. So that you can handle you can know so that you can handle you can know so that you can handle you can know. Basically that you are blocked basically that you are blocked basically that you are blocked. And that that sounds kind of not and that that sounds kind of not and that that sounds kind of not. Workable workable workable well I mean I guess you know to my well I mean I guess you know to my. Well I mean I guess you know to my proposal would basically be that anytime proposal would basically be that anytime. Proposal would basically be that anytime a third party like forcibly does a third party like forcibly does. A third party like forcibly does something to one of your trust lines something to one of your trust lines. Something to one of your trust lines you get in a state where someone has to you get in a state where someone has to. You get in a state where someone has to call this cleanup function if you call this cleanup function if you. Call this cleanup function if you haven't implemented the cleanup function haven't implemented the cleanup function. Haven't implemented the cleanup function then like nothing can happen to your then like nothing can happen to your. Then like nothing can happen to your contract contract contract that just sounds undesirable to me. That just sounds undesirable to me that just sounds undesirable to me but maybe your contract. But maybe your contract but maybe your contract sounds pretty undesirable too which is. Sounds pretty undesirable too which is sounds pretty undesirable too which is that like whoever first like which is. That like whoever first like which is that like whoever first like which is like a bunch of arbitragers go in and. Like a bunch of arbitragers go in and like a bunch of arbitragers go in and suck out like all the money that's there. Suck out like all the money that's there suck out like all the money that's there. By accident no no my proposal is just by accident no no my proposal is just by accident no no my proposal is just. That that that like if you're a contract developer you like if you're a contract developer you. Like if you're a contract developer you should handle it figure out what you're should handle it figure out what you're. Should handle it figure out what you're saying you can you can saying you can you can. Saying you can you can but how do we know people are going to but how do we know people are going to. But how do we know people are going to do this right we don't and if they don't do this right we don't and if they don't. Do this right we don't and if they don't then they're then like it's the same then they're then like it's the same. Then they're then like it's the same thing as any other smartphone so when thing as any other smartphone so when. Thing as any other smartphone so when they don't do we want like people to they don't do we want like people to. They don't do we want like people to lose money to arbitragers or do we want lose money to arbitragers or do we want. Lose money to arbitragers or do we want like the contract to freeze and people like the contract to freeze and people. Like the contract to freeze and people have to like debate how to clean up the have to like debate how to clean up the. Have to like debate how to clean up the mess what if it can't be cleaned up like mess what if it can't be cleaned up like. Mess what if it can't be cleaned up like what if there's nobody who owns the what if there's nobody who owns the. What if there's nobody who owns the contract that was the case that nico was contract that was the case that nico was. Contract that was the case that nico was talking about if nobody owns the talking about if nobody owns the. Talking about if nobody owns the contract nobody can clean it up and now contract nobody can clean it up and now. Contract nobody can clean it up and now the money's just locked up forever the money's just locked up forever. The money's just locked up forever well then maybe the default well then maybe the default. Well then maybe the default implementation of this function is that implementation of this function is that. Implementation of this function is that it like it like it like hands signing authority back to. Hands signing authority back to hands signing authority back to whichever account like created this. Whichever account like created this whichever account like created this market what if they don't have a key. Market what if they don't have a key market what if they don't have a key anymore. yeah then everybody loses their money yeah then everybody loses their money. Well that's the world that niko was well that's the world that niko was well that's the world that niko was. Talking about with the contract being talking about with the contract being talking about with the contract being. Immutable like again if the contract is immutable like again if the contract is immutable like again if the contract is. Mutable there's just not really a mutable there's just not really a mutable there's just not really a. Problem here problem here problem here well it is a problem if everybody loses well it is a problem if everybody loses. Well it is a problem if everybody loses their money no no in the world where the their money no no in the world where the. Their money no no in the world where the contracts are mutable contracts are mutable. Contracts are mutable and people can actually perform the and people can actually perform the. And people can actually perform the mutation I mean mutation I mean mutation I mean. There's not really a problem because there's not really a problem because there's not really a problem because. People can just come through and clean people can just come through and clean people can just come through and clean. Up the mess up the mess up the mess no no sorry they can't clean up the mess no no sorry they can't clean up the mess. No no sorry they can't clean up the mess if arbitragers have sucked out a bunch if arbitragers have sucked out a bunch. If arbitragers have sucked out a bunch of money that's why you should handle of money that's why you should handle. Of money that's why you should handle the guarding conditions that you need if the guarding conditions that you need if. The guarding conditions that you need if you do need you do need you do need them well I feel like we're out of time. Them well I feel like we're out of time them well I feel like we're out of time for this discussion right here in person. For this discussion right here in person for this discussion right here in person. Today but it seems like there's a lot today but it seems like there's a lot today but it seems like there's a lot. I mean I think we just got to keep keep I mean I think we just got to keep keep I mean I think we just got to keep keep. Working async on the dev discussion working async on the dev discussion working async on the dev discussion. Mailing list and on the discord mailing list and on the discord mailing list and on the discord. And reconvene here next week I don't and reconvene here next week I don't and reconvene here next week I don't. Know I don't know what the next steps know I don't know what the next steps know I don't know what the next steps. Are though are though are though I mean like like the thing I wanted to I mean like like the thing I wanted to. I mean like like the thing I wanted to say is like I think say is like I think. Say is like I think for for the first phase of this I think for for the first phase of this I think. For for the first phase of this I think I would I would do what's kind of what I would I would do what's kind of what. I would I would do what's kind of what lee was saying which is like lee was saying which is like. Lee was saying which is like we don't support global we don't support global we don't support global. assets assets assets right like if you if you have to have on right like if you if you have to have on. Right like if you if you have to have on your trust line basically your trust line basically. Your trust line basically this for cla for those classic things this for cla for those classic things. this for cla for those classic things I'm talking about I'm talking about I'm talking about. for the first version you can't even for the first version you can't even for the first version you can't even. You can't do anything right and then you can't do anything right and then you can't do anything right and then. you can deploy a contract basically you can deploy a contract basically you can deploy a contract basically. That uses that and then and then in in and then in in parallel or later we can figure out this. Parallel or later we can figure out this parallel or later we can figure out this. Global like how can we make clawback global like how can we make clawback global like how can we make clawback. Work in in smart world and then retrofit work in in smart world and then retrofit. Work in in smart world and then retrofit this to to classic I think the main lines of work should be. I think the main lines of work should be the first one should be like let's go the first one should be like let's go. The first one should be like let's go and figure out what happens with these and figure out what happens with these. And figure out what happens with these kinds of contracts on ethereum kinds of contracts on ethereum. Kinds of contracts on ethereum like these problems exist people are like these problems exist people are. Like these problems exist people are doing something that's why they don't doing something that's why they don't. Doing something that's why they don't though right because the one thing though right because the one thing. Though right because the one thing that's different here is that there's that's different here is that there's. That's different here is that there's this the classic world is going to kind this the classic world is going to kind. This the classic world is going to kind of reach in and mess with the smart of reach in and mess with the smart. Of reach in and mess with the smart contract world in a way that can't contract world in a way that can't. Contract world in a way that can't happen in ethereum that's not true happen in ethereum that's not true. Happen in ethereum that's not true like I literally told you that usdc has like I literally told you that usdc has. Like I literally told you that usdc has an auth revoke function it has revoked like so it has yeah you. It has revoked like so it has yeah you can revoke I don't know if they have do can revoke I don't know if they have do. Can revoke I don't know if they have do they have a clawback I don't think so they have a clawback I don't think so. They have a clawback I don't think so because that would be a that's the one because that would be a that's the one. Because that would be a that's the one that really breaks everything I mean that really breaks everything I mean. That really breaks everything I mean they both break everything but clawback they both break everything but clawback. They both break everything but clawback something more see you next week bye something more see you next week bye. Something more see you next week bye david I see you next week david I see you next week. David I see you next week what people are doing what people are doing what people are doing. Yeah and how they're handling it and yeah and how they're handling it and yeah and how they're handling it and. Then we should resume this then we should resume this then we should resume this but again like. But again like but again like I'm I'm I'm like like like I think it's a favor of keeping it. I think it's a favor of keeping it I think it's a favor of keeping it simple I know that there's like the. Simple I know that there's like the simple I know that there's like the theoretical possibilities in edge cases. Theoretical possibilities in edge cases theoretical possibilities in edge cases but I think it's also worth pointing out. But I think it's also worth pointing out but I think it's also worth pointing out. That I don't know that there are any that I don't know that there are any that I don't know that there are any. Active clawback enabled assets on in active clawback enabled assets on in active clawback enabled assets on in. Classic right now classic right now classic right now just just just  .  fyi fyi fyi I agree with that yeah I agree with that yeah I agree with that yeah. All right all right all right see everybody next week.
