Hey guys hey guys um welcome to the the engineering talk um welcome to the the engineering talk. Um welcome to the the engineering talk uh we are going to begin momentarily uh we are going to begin momentarily. Uh we are going to begin momentarily um one thing i will say and i think uh um one thing i will say and i think uh. Um one thing i will say and i think uh our host has posted our host has posted our host has posted. In the channel but uh if you have in the channel but uh if you have in the channel but uh if you have. Questions questions questions while i'm going through this talk go while i'm going through this talk go. While i'm going through this talk go ahead and scan the qr code and you can ahead and scan the qr code and you can. Ahead and scan the qr code and you can send questions over and i'll send questions over and i'll. Send questions over and i'll i'll take a look at them at the end of i'll take a look at them at the end of. I'll take a look at them at the end of the discussion um okay so uh yeah welcome um okay so uh yeah welcome. This is uh this is a talk about polaris this is uh this is a talk about polaris this is uh this is a talk about polaris. Which is a which is a which is a django application and framework that django application and framework that. Django application and framework that allows you to build allows you to build allows you to build. Uh anchor servers uh according to the uh anchor servers uh according to the uh anchor servers uh according to the. Standards that we define standards that we define standards that we define uh that are called stellar ecosystem. Uh that are called stellar ecosystem uh that are called stellar ecosystem proposals or seps. Proposals or seps proposals or seps so django polaris is a tool that we use so django polaris is a tool that we use. So django polaris is a tool that we use so that so that so that our tool that we build so that anchors. Our tool that we build so that anchors our tool that we build so that anchors can. Can can get their anchor service up quickly and get their anchor service up quickly and. Get their anchor service up quickly and with less work required with less work required. With less work required so i'm going to go into the details of so i'm going to go into the details of. So i'm going to go into the details of uh how to build this anchor but before i uh how to build this anchor but before i. Uh how to build this anchor but before i do i'm gonna go over a brief do i'm gonna go over a brief. Do i'm gonna go over a brief presentation that just describes what it presentation that just describes what it. Presentation that just describes what it is is is how it works and what you can expect in. How it works and what you can expect in how it works and what you can expect in this presentation. This presentation this presentation so uh let's go ahead and begin so uh let's go ahead and begin. So uh let's go ahead and begin so like i just said uh polaris is a so like i just said uh polaris is a. So like i just said uh polaris is a django anchor app django anchor app django anchor app. Or i'd like to say it's an extendable or i'd like to say it's an extendable or i'd like to say it's an extendable. Django app django app django app which means that if you know anything which means that if you know anything. Which means that if you know anything about django about django about django and hopefully you do in this. And hopefully you do in this and hopefully you do in this presentation because i'm going to be. Presentation because i'm going to be presentation because i'm going to be going into django code. Going into django code going into django code but django is a system it's a framework. But django is a system it's a framework but django is a system it's a framework that allows you to. That allows you to that allows you to plug and play different applications plug and play different applications. Plug and play different applications within the project within the project within the project. And so polaris is an app it's a reusable and so polaris is an app it's a reusable. And so polaris is an app it's a reusable app that you can plug and play within app that you can plug and play within. App that you can plug and play within django django django applications and it provides an. Applications and it provides an applications and it provides an interface interface. Interface an api that developers can use to an api that developers can use to an api that developers can use to. Insert and customize the way that the insert and customize the way that the insert and customize the way that the. Anchor server responds and handles anchor server responds and handles anchor server responds and handles. Information information information the reasoning behind this is that uh set the reasoning behind this is that uh set. The reasoning behind this is that uh set 24 24 24 which was the original standard that we. Which was the original standard that we which was the original standard that we implemented this for. Implemented this for implemented this for uh has a lot of things that are standard. Uh has a lot of things that are standard uh has a lot of things that are standard. About it every anchor about it every anchor about it every anchor is going to be doing similar things. Is going to be doing similar things is going to be doing similar things they're all going to have deposit. They're all going to have deposit they're all going to have deposit endpoints they're all going to have info. Endpoints they're all going to have info endpoints they're all going to have info. Endpoints they're all going to have endpoints they're all going to have endpoints they're all going to have. What the step describes and when i say what the step describes and when i say what the step describes and when i say. The set sorry i'm just going to the set sorry i'm just going to the set sorry i'm just going to. Break out of my actually i'll stay in break out of my actually i'll stay in break out of my actually i'll stay in. The slides until until afterwards but the slides until until afterwards but the slides until until afterwards but. 724 is a standard and it defines an api 724 is a standard and it defines an api 724 is a standard and it defines an api. For clients to be able to hit in order for clients to be able to hit in order for clients to be able to hit in order. To uh to uh to uh in order to interface with the anchor in order to interface with the anchor. In order to interface with the anchor and every anchor that implements sub 24 and every anchor that implements sub 24. And every anchor that implements sub 24 has the same endpoints has the same endpoints. Has the same endpoints the difference though is that every the difference though is that every. The difference though is that every anchor has uh anchor has uh anchor has uh you know pieces of functionality that. You know pieces of functionality that you know pieces of functionality that are custom to them so polaris what it. Are custom to them so polaris what it are custom to them so polaris what it does is implement the stuff that's. Does is implement the stuff that's does is implement the stuff that's standard that everybody's gonna do. Standard that everybody's gonna do standard that everybody's gonna do and then it allows people to customize. And then it allows people to customize and then it allows people to customize uh their own instances with their you. Uh their own instances with their you uh their own instances with their you know their unique situation uh. Know their unique situation uh know their unique situation uh so overall it's less time for the anchor. So overall it's less time for the anchor so overall it's less time for the anchor. To build to build to build uh people can typically get this up uh people can typically get this up. Uh people can typically get this up within an hour because we're gonna do it within an hour because we're gonna do it. Within an hour because we're gonna do it right now right now right now um and we maintain it the sdf maintains. Um and we maintain it the sdf maintains um and we maintain it the sdf maintains it so. It so it so we're gonna continue to upgrade this we're gonna continue to upgrade this. We're gonna continue to upgrade this make sure it's up to date with the make sure it's up to date with the. Make sure it's up to date with the recent standards recent standards recent standards. Make sure it's up to date with the sdk make sure it's up to date with the sdk make sure it's up to date with the sdk. Upgrades upgrades upgrades and it's open source everything that i and it's open source everything that i. And it's open source everything that i am going to use right now is viewable on am going to use right now is viewable on. Am going to use right now is viewable on github github github and we have links for the documentation. And we have links for the documentation and we have links for the documentation and code. And code and code in following slides so in following slides so in following slides so. In order to understand polaris we need in order to understand polaris we need in order to understand polaris we need. To talk about integrations to talk about integrations to talk about integrations polaris offers integrations or. Polaris offers integrations or polaris offers integrations or integration functions or classes. Integration functions or classes integration functions or classes that allow anchors to register custom. That allow anchors to register custom that allow anchors to register custom functionality with polaris. Functionality with polaris functionality with polaris so polaris is going to facilitate you. So polaris is going to facilitate you so polaris is going to facilitate you know the api endpoints and. Know the api endpoints and know the api endpoints and uh build out what a step 24 server would. Uh build out what a step 24 server would uh build out what a step 24 server would. Be be be but there's things that uh polaris can't but there's things that uh polaris can't. But there's things that uh polaris can't automate right automate right automate right. So polaris can't automate your banking so polaris can't automate your banking so polaris can't automate your banking. Or payment rails right uh if you're an or payment rails right uh if you're an or payment rails right uh if you're an. Anchor in brazil anchor in brazil anchor in brazil uh you know me as the developer of. Uh you know me as the developer of uh you know me as the developer of polaris i don't know. Polaris i don't know polaris i don't know what bank you're connecting with i don't. What bank you're connecting with i don't what bank you're connecting with i don't. Know what api you're using i don't know know what api you're using i don't know know what api you're using i don't know. Anything about that anything about that anything about that so what you need to do is inject your. So what you need to do is inject your so what you need to do is inject your own banking and. Own banking and own banking and payment rails code into the polaris payment rails code into the polaris. Payment rails code into the polaris framework framework framework uh in the same way we don't know what uh. Uh in the same way we don't know what uh uh in the same way we don't know what uh. Information you need from users information you need from users information you need from users. So you may need email and that's it or so you may need email and that's it or so you may need email and that's it or. You may need a photo you may need a photo you may need a photo of the id you may need um. Of the id you may need um of the id you may need um you know a variety of different. You know a variety of different you know a variety of different information social security number here. Information social security number here information social security number here in the u.s. In the u.s in the u.s there's a bunch of stuff that you could there's a bunch of stuff that you could. There's a bunch of stuff that you could you could need you could require in you could need you could require in. You could need you could require in order to deposit or draw assets order to deposit or draw assets. Order to deposit or draw assets um and so kyc kind of goes hand in hand um and so kyc kind of goes hand in hand. Um and so kyc kind of goes hand in hand with user tracking you want to know with user tracking you want to know. With user tracking you want to know who's using your service who's using your service. Who's using your service who they are how to reach them stuff who they are how to reach them stuff. Who they are how to reach them stuff like that like that like that there's uli customization so polaris. There's uli customization so polaris there's uli customization so polaris comes out of the box with. Comes out of the box with comes out of the box with a decent ui but if you want to customize. A decent ui but if you want to customize a decent ui but if you want to customize. That ui you're free to do so that ui you're free to do so that ui you're free to do so. And finally there's just transaction and finally there's just transaction and finally there's just transaction. Processing when when processing when when processing when when the transaction gets to a certain state. The transaction gets to a certain state the transaction gets to a certain state in the flow you may want to update some. In the flow you may want to update some in the flow you may want to update some of your own. Of your own of your own data models to adjust for the for the data models to adjust for the for the. Data models to adjust for the for the change change change uh and so polaris can't automate any of. Uh and so polaris can't automate any of uh and so polaris can't automate any of those things so it provides. Those things so it provides those things so it provides uh rails integration classes so you. Uh rails integration classes so you uh rails integration classes so you would in your code you would write. Would in your code you would write would in your code you would write uh you know within the rails integration. Uh you know within the rails integration uh you know within the rails integration. Class class class uh a a function that connects to your uh a a function that connects to your. Uh a a function that connects to your bank bank bank and actually makes payments to users and. And actually makes payments to users and and actually makes payments to users and. You're going to register that you're going to register that you're going to register that. Integration that you write integration that you write integration that you write with polaris and i'll show you how to do. With polaris and i'll show you how to do with polaris and i'll show you how to do. That that that so that transitions so that transitions so that transitions you know well how do you use polaris. You know well how do you use polaris you know well how do you use polaris well we're going to do two things in. Well we're going to do two things in well we're going to do two things in this talk. This talk this talk we're going to install and configure we're going to install and configure. We're going to install and configure polaris and we're going to implement the polaris and we're going to implement the. Polaris and we're going to implement the integration points or integration points or. Integration points or at least enough integration points to at least enough integration points to. At least enough integration points to get the anchor server up and running get the anchor server up and running. Get the anchor server up and running um and so there's going to be a few um and so there's going to be a few. Um and so there's going to be a few steps involved in that steps involved in that. Steps involved in that we're going to create a django project we're going to create a django project. We're going to create a django project and hopefully people who are viewing and hopefully people who are viewing. And hopefully people who are viewing this uh this uh this uh are familiar with django and are. Are familiar with django and are are familiar with django and are familiar with the seps i'm gonna brush. Familiar with the seps i'm gonna brush familiar with the seps i'm gonna brush over some details about the steps so you. Over some details about the steps so you over some details about the steps so you. Have some context but have some context but have some context but overall this talk is gonna assume that. Overall this talk is gonna assume that overall this talk is gonna assume that you know what i'm talking about when it. You know what i'm talking about when it you know what i'm talking about when it comes to. Comes to comes to django and start ecosystem proposals django and start ecosystem proposals. Django and start ecosystem proposals you're going to install django you're you're going to install django you're. You're going to install django you're going to install the django polaris going to install the django polaris. Going to install the django polaris package package package we're going to add polaris. We're going to add polaris we're going to add polaris the django app itself to the project and. The django app itself to the project and the django app itself to the project and. Then we're going to add a bunch of then we're going to add a bunch of then we're going to add a bunch of. Polaris settings and configuration polaris settings and configuration polaris settings and configuration. Options options options and finally we're going to register and and finally we're going to register and. And finally we're going to register and add our data or asset that we're going add our data or asset that we're going. Add our data or asset that we're going to anchor to anchor to anchor within our database and in the asset. Within our database and in the asset within our database and in the asset that we're getting the asset that we're. That we're getting the asset that we're that we're getting the asset that we're going to anchor in this database. Going to anchor in this database going to anchor in this database is a uh or on this anchor is our. Is a uh or on this anchor is our is a uh or on this anchor is our stellar reference token srt it's uh just. Stellar reference token srt it's uh just stellar reference token srt it's uh just. A fake token on test net a fake token on test net a fake token on test net uh that doesn't mean anything but it's. Uh that doesn't mean anything but it's uh that doesn't mean anything but it's it's used as demonstration so you can. It's used as demonstration so you can it's used as demonstration so you can show show. Show or show i can show how people uh you or show i can show how people uh you or show i can show how people uh you. Know know know build anchor services around an asset build anchor services around an asset. Build anchor services around an asset once we have all the configuration once we have all the configuration. Once we have all the configuration installation set up we're going to start installation set up we're going to start. Installation set up we're going to start implementing integrations implementing integrations. Implementing integrations so uh the first thing that we're going so uh the first thing that we're going. So uh the first thing that we're going to do is build a an appropriate tomo to do is build a an appropriate tomo. To do is build a an appropriate tomo file file file and if you're familiar with step 1 this. And if you're familiar with step 1 this and if you're familiar with step 1 this is implementing that. Is implementing that is implementing that um it's basically a file that describes. Um it's basically a file that describes um it's basically a file that describes the organization that. The organization that the organization that owns the anchor and uh and it owns the anchor and uh and it. Owns the anchor and uh and it gives a bunch of details about contact gives a bunch of details about contact. Gives a bunch of details about contact information and stuff about the asset information and stuff about the asset. Information and stuff about the asset that uh clients who are viewing the file that uh clients who are viewing the file. That uh clients who are viewing the file are to need to know are to need to know are to need to know. We're going to do a little bit of some we're going to do a little bit of some we're going to do a little bit of some. Banking rails so we're not going to banking rails so we're not going to banking rails so we're not going to. Connect to any particular bank connect to any particular bank connect to any particular bank. And so we're actually going to kind of and so we're actually going to kind of and so we're actually going to kind of. Just mock this up just mock this up just mock this up but the idea is that you would fill this. But the idea is that you would fill this but the idea is that you would fill this. Function in with actual banking payment function in with actual banking payment function in with actual banking payment. Rails rails rails code i'm just going to do what's code i'm just going to do what's. Code i'm just going to do what's required from a functional standpoint to required from a functional standpoint to. Required from a functional standpoint to make sure polaris is working make sure polaris is working. Make sure polaris is working once we have the tomol and banking rails once we have the tomol and banking rails. Once we have the tomol and banking rails integration set up we're going to integration set up we're going to. Integration set up we're going to register those integrations and then register those integrations and then. Register those integrations and then finally we're going to build the finally we're going to build the. Finally we're going to build the application with docker and get it application with docker and get it. Application with docker and get it running running running so hopefully that gives you a good. So hopefully that gives you a good so hopefully that gives you a good overview of what's going to happen here. Overview of what's going to happen here overview of what's going to happen here and again remember everything that i. And again remember everything that i and again remember everything that i work on here is open source. Work on here is open source work on here is open source and there are there's documentation. And there are there's documentation and there are there's documentation available so if you want to. Available so if you want to available so if you want to check out the documentation it's. Check out the documentation it's check out the documentation it's available at available at. Available at djangopolaris.readthedocs.io djangopolaris.readthedocs.io djangopolaris.readthedocs.io. And the code is available at github.com and the code is available at github.com and the code is available at github.com. Polaris uh and these these pictures are polaris uh and these these pictures are polaris uh and these these pictures are. The the the are some pictures from our test server are some pictures from our test server. Are some pictures from our test server or our reference or our reference or our reference. Anchor server that shows you how to do anchor server that shows you how to do anchor server that shows you how to do. It um it um it um it's basically an example and uh and it's basically an example and uh and. It's basically an example and uh and these are just some these are just some these are just some. Some forms that plars provides out of some forms that plars provides out of some forms that plars provides out of. The box so this is what the ui looks the box so this is what the ui looks the box so this is what the ui looks. Like if you didn't do any customizations like if you didn't do any customizations. Like if you didn't do any customizations um okay and we're gonna do questions um okay and we're gonna do questions. Um okay and we're gonna do questions after the after the after the demo um but for now i'm going to. Demo um but for now i'm going to demo um but for now i'm going to transition into coding. Transition into coding transition into coding and uh and i'll probably be hopping back. And uh and i'll probably be hopping back and uh and i'll probably be hopping back. And forth from the internet as well to and forth from the internet as well to and forth from the internet as well to. Reference reference reference the proposals and just demonstrate the proposals and just demonstrate. The proposals and just demonstrate certain things um certain things um certain things um. Okay cool we are right on schedule okay cool we are right on schedule okay cool we are right on schedule. Um so this is pycharm i'm gonna be you um so this is pycharm i'm gonna be you um so this is pycharm i'm gonna be you. Know know know django polaris is a python application django polaris is a python application. Django polaris is a python application uh and what we're gonna do uh and what we're gonna do. Uh and what we're gonna do uh when we start off most python uh when we start off most python. Uh when we start off most python applications is create a virtual applications is create a virtual. Applications is create a virtual environment environment environment so actually sorry before i uh. So actually sorry before i uh so actually sorry before i uh before i dive into the code here i do. Before i dive into the code here i do before i dive into the code here i do want to show you. Want to show you want to show you uh one thing and that's a uh one thing and that's a. Uh one thing and that's a demonstration of what you can expect an demonstration of what you can expect an. Demonstration of what you can expect an anchor to look like anchor to look like anchor to look like. Um from a user's perspective and uh um from a user's perspective and uh um from a user's perspective and uh. And this is a little demo that we do so and this is a little demo that we do so and this is a little demo that we do so. What i'm doing here what i'm doing here what i'm doing here is this is a little demo wallet that. Is this is a little demo wallet that is this is a little demo wallet that mocks like what a user would see. Mocks like what a user would see mocks like what a user would see and we're going to walk through a step. And we're going to walk through a step and we're going to walk through a step 24 flow. 24 flow 24 flow before we get started so you can just before we get started so you can just. Before we get started so you can just see what it's going to look like see what it's going to look like. See what it's going to look like but we're just going to use our but we're just going to use our. But we're just going to use our reference server that the seller reference server that the seller. Reference server that the seller development foundation development foundation development foundation. Runs and provides and we're just going runs and provides and we're just going runs and provides and we're just going. To walk through a deposit flow on to walk through a deposit flow on to walk through a deposit flow on. Testnet testnet testnet so this is what we're going to so this is what we're going to. So this is what we're going to ultimately build we want to get to this ultimately build we want to get to this. Ultimately build we want to get to this point uh by the end of this talk point uh by the end of this talk. Point uh by the end of this talk so i'm going to make a deposit it's so i'm going to make a deposit it's. So i'm going to make a deposit it's going to go through the step 24 flow going to go through the step 24 flow. Going to go through the step 24 flow and it's going to open up the actual and it's going to open up the actual. And it's going to open up the actual interactive page the user is going to interactive page the user is going to. Interactive page the user is going to see see see so if i was a user this is the first. So if i was a user this is the first so if i was a user this is the first form that would be presented to me. Form that would be presented to me form that would be presented to me i'm trying to make a deposit onto into. I'm trying to make a deposit onto into i'm trying to make a deposit onto into my account on stuller. My account on stuller my account on stuller and and here is the amount field that's. And and here is the amount field that's and and here is the amount field that's asking me. Asking me asking me you know to specify how much i plan to you know to specify how much i plan to. You know to specify how much i plan to deposit deposit deposit and so i'm going to tell them that i'm. And so i'm going to tell them that i'm and so i'm going to tell them that i'm going to deposit a hundred dollars. Going to deposit a hundred dollars going to deposit a hundred dollars and on test net uh anchors need to. And on test net uh anchors need to and on test net uh anchors need to assume that. Assume that assume that uh deposits are actually sent right on uh deposits are actually sent right on. Uh deposits are actually sent right on testing everything's fake right so i'm testing everything's fake right so i'm. Testing everything's fake right so i'm not actually gonna send money not actually gonna send money. Not actually gonna send money to the anchor uh it's just gonna assume to the anchor uh it's just gonna assume. To the anchor uh it's just gonna assume or or or or understand that it's on testnet and. Or understand that it's on testnet and or understand that it's on testnet and it doesn't need to wait for me to. It doesn't need to wait for me to it doesn't need to wait for me to actually pay them. Actually pay them actually pay them it's gonna pay um or send you know it's gonna pay um or send you know. It's gonna pay um or send you know stellar funds to my account stellar funds to my account. Stellar funds to my account uh and just to give you some like more uh and just to give you some like more. Uh and just to give you some like more context context context this con config option this is obviously. This con config option this is obviously this con config option this is obviously. The the reference server that we're the the reference server that we're the the reference server that we're. Hitting the url of it hitting the url of it hitting the url of it but this is the secret key of my account. But this is the secret key of my account but this is the secret key of my account. Um and don't um and don't um and don't don't worry there's nothing you know don't worry there's nothing you know. Don't worry there's nothing you know fancy on it you can check it out on fancy on it you can check it out on. Fancy on it you can check it out on testnet testnet testnet but i'm just gonna deposit a 100 or 100. But i'm just gonna deposit a 100 or 100 but i'm just gonna deposit a 100 or 100 srt. Srt srt uh into my account on testnet uh uh into my account on testnet uh uh into my account on testnet uh. So let's go ahead and do that uh and so so let's go ahead and do that uh and so so let's go ahead and do that uh and so. Now now now uh django polaris after i submitted the uh django polaris after i submitted the. Uh django polaris after i submitted the amount is going to go ahead and work on amount is going to go ahead and work on. Amount is going to go ahead and work on depositing that depositing that depositing that. Those funds into my account so it's those funds into my account so it's those funds into my account so it's. Executing on the uh the transaction as executing on the uh the transaction as executing on the uh the transaction as. You can see you can see you can see and now it's complete so if i were to go and now it's complete so if i were to go. And now it's complete so if i were to go to to to uh my account right now i could show you. Uh my account right now i could show you uh my account right now i could show you. That i have at least 100 that i have at least 100 that i have at least 100 srt in my account and i'm not going to. Srt in my account and i'm not going to srt in my account and i'm not going to show you uh. Show you uh show you uh what that is it's not worth it but but what that is it's not worth it but but. What that is it's not worth it but but this is a this is a this is a kind of a page that displays all the. Kind of a page that displays all the kind of a page that displays all the information on the transaction so. Information on the transaction so information on the transaction so i sent them 100 supposedly i was charged. I sent them 100 supposedly i was charged i sent them 100 supposedly i was charged. A dollar and one cents a dollar and one cents a dollar and one cents and the amount that i actually received. And the amount that i actually received and the amount that i actually received in my seller account the amount of srt. In my seller account the amount of srt in my seller account the amount of srt is 98.99 and it you know tells you when. Is 98.99 and it you know tells you when is 98.99 and it you know tells you when it was completed in the status and all. It was completed in the status and all it was completed in the status and all that kind of stuff. That kind of stuff that kind of stuff uh so this flow of being presented some uh so this flow of being presented some. Uh so this flow of being presented some forms filling out forms forms filling out forms. Forms filling out forms being presented updates as the being presented updates as the. Being presented updates as the transactions submitted and then finally transactions submitted and then finally. Transactions submitted and then finally getting a you know notification that's getting a you know notification that's. Getting a you know notification that's complete complete complete that's going to be the user experience. That's going to be the user experience that's going to be the user experience behind the scenes blogs is going to be. Behind the scenes blogs is going to be behind the scenes blogs is going to be doing a lot more and i'm going to walk. Doing a lot more and i'm going to walk doing a lot more and i'm going to walk through what that is. Through what that is through what that is okay so that's the end of the demo okay so that's the end of the demo. Okay so that's the end of the demo we're gonna go into the code and uh here we're gonna go into the code and uh here. We're gonna go into the code and uh here we go bear with me in case uh we go bear with me in case uh. We go bear with me in case uh something happens because something something happens because something. Something happens because something always happens in demos always happens in demos. Always happens in demos uh but let's see how far we get i think uh but let's see how far we get i think. Uh but let's see how far we get i think we're gonna be able to do it we're gonna be able to do it. We're gonna be able to do it so like i was saying with any python so like i was saying with any python. So like i was saying with any python project project project you're going to want to create a virtual. You're going to want to create a virtual you're going to want to create a virtual. Environment so i'm going to create a environment so i'm going to create a environment so i'm going to create a. Virtual environment right now using virtual environment right now using virtual environment right now using. Python 3. Python 3. Python 3. Um and i have a little shortcut that um and i have a little shortcut that um and i have a little shortcut that. Activates the virtual environment um activates the virtual environment um activates the virtual environment um. But let's just do it you know the normal but let's just do it you know the normal. But let's just do it you know the normal way so i'm just going to way so i'm just going to. Way so i'm just going to execute the activate function for the execute the activate function for the. Execute the activate function for the virtual environment virtual environment virtual environment. So this is dot vmv so this is dot vmv so this is dot vmv and activate uh okay so now i'm in a virtual. Uh okay so now i'm in a virtual environment this little enclosed box environment this little enclosed box. Environment this little enclosed box where i can install my own packages and where i can install my own packages and. Where i can install my own packages and make sure make sure make sure you know everything that i'm doing here. You know everything that i'm doing here you know everything that i'm doing here is contained in here and it's not. Is contained in here and it's not is contained in here and it's not affecting anything else outside my. Affecting anything else outside my affecting anything else outside my project project. Project and before we do this actually i'm going and before we do this actually i'm going. And before we do this actually i'm going to go to the documentation to go to the documentation. To go to the documentation so this is the polaris documentation so this is the polaris documentation. So this is the polaris documentation it's available at django polaris dot it's available at django polaris dot. It's available at django polaris dot read the docs read the docs read the docs dot io and it's going to walk you. Dot io and it's going to walk you dot io and it's going to walk you through through. Through how to install polaris now i'm going to how to install polaris now i'm going to. How to install polaris now i'm going to update this documentation update this documentation. Update this documentation in the future i'll probably have some in the future i'll probably have some. In the future i'll probably have some kind of like tutorial page where kind of like tutorial page where. Kind of like tutorial page where it gives you a you know front to back it gives you a you know front to back. It gives you a you know front to back how you set up basically what we're how you set up basically what we're. How you set up basically what we're doing in this talk doing in this talk doing in this talk. But for now i'm going to hop around but for now i'm going to hop around but for now i'm going to hop around. These settings in these documentation uh these settings in these documentation uh. These settings in these documentation uh pages because you know they have pages because you know they have. Pages because you know they have different information and it's not different information and it's not. Different information and it's not organized in one organized in one organized in one. Way where i can just kind of scroll way where i can just kind of scroll way where i can just kind of scroll. Through um so the first that we're gonna through um so the first that we're gonna. Through um so the first that we're gonna do we're just gonna copy and literally do we're just gonna copy and literally. Do we're just gonna copy and literally walk through these steps walk through these steps. Walk through these steps uh we're gonna install polaris uh we're gonna install polaris. Uh we're gonna install polaris uh and while that installs i'm just uh and while that installs i'm just. Uh and while that installs i'm just going to go over kind of what it holds going to go over kind of what it holds. Going to go over kind of what it holds you know obviously it holds you know obviously it holds. You know obviously it holds django and it holds it really holds django and it holds it really holds. Django and it holds it really holds everything that you're going to need to everything that you're going to need to. Everything that you're going to need to run this application run this application. Run this application so you don't need to actually install g so you don't need to actually install g. So you don't need to actually install g separately or anything like that separately or anything like that. Separately or anything like that everything comes with everything comes with everything comes with. Polaris and it's ready to go uh polaris and it's ready to go uh polaris and it's ready to go uh. So that's done now and uh so that's done now and uh so that's done now and uh now that we have the uh django polaris. Now that we have the uh django polaris now that we have the uh django polaris package. Package package we have django installed now because we have django installed now because. We have django installed now because polaris comes with everything polaris comes with everything. Polaris comes with everything and what we're going to do is we're and what we're going to do is we're. And what we're going to do is we're going to create a django project now going to create a django project now. Going to create a django project now um this is um this is um this is yeah so i have this function called or. Yeah so i have this function called or yeah so i have this function called or this command line tool called django. This command line tool called django this command line tool called django admin which comes out of the box with. Admin which comes out of the box with admin which comes out of the box with chango. Chango chango right so i'm going to create a django right so i'm going to create a django. Right so i'm going to create a django project project project start start project. And i'm going to call it app it's going and i'm going to call it app it's going to be super generic okay. To be super generic okay to be super generic okay now if i look i actually have an app. Now if i look i actually have an app now if i look i actually have an app folder uh and you can see it in my. Folder uh and you can see it in my folder uh and you can see it in my in my source tree uh if you look in app. In my source tree uh if you look in app in my source tree uh if you look in app uh i have a manage.pi script and this. Uh i have a manage.pi script and this uh i have a manage.pi script and this manage.pi script is basically the. Manage.pi script is basically the manage.pi script is basically the entry point to all of django's. Entry point to all of django's entry point to all of django's functionality so whenever i run. Functionality so whenever i run functionality so whenever i run python within the django context i'm. Python within the django context i'm python within the django context i'm going to run python manage.pi. Going to run python manage.pi going to run python manage.pi some command and then within the app. Some command and then within the app some command and then within the app i have all the files that are necessary. I have all the files that are necessary i have all the files that are necessary for a django application. For a django application for a django application and we're not going to go over again. And we're not going to go over again and we're not going to go over again this is a django tutorial we're going to. This is a django tutorial we're going to this is a django tutorial we're going to. Assume that you know generally what this assume that you know generally what this. Assume that you know generally what this is is is but it's helpful to understand where. But it's helpful to understand where but it's helpful to understand where we're at so. We're at so we're at so um let's get started so now that we have um let's get started so now that we have. Um let's get started so now that we have uh our django project uh we have an app uh our django project uh we have an app. Uh our django project uh we have an app set up set up set up uh we are going to add polaris to our. Uh we are going to add polaris to our uh we are going to add polaris to our app app. App to our project right so the first thing to our project right so the first thing. To our project right so the first thing that we need to do that we need to do that we need to do. Is add these three apps here to the is add these three apps here to the is add these three apps here to the. Installed apps list in settings.pi installed apps list in settings.pi installed apps list in settings.pi. So let's open up settings.pi this is a so let's open up settings.pi this is a so let's open up settings.pi this is a. Generated file that generated file that generated file that django creates for you it comes with a. Django creates for you it comes with a django creates for you it comes with a secret key that you're definitely going. Secret key that you're definitely going secret key that you're definitely going to want to keep. To want to keep to want to keep secret so you would never want to check secret so you would never want to check. Secret so you would never want to check this file in to get you know this file in to get you know. This file in to get you know it just being auto-generated you want to it just being auto-generated you want to. It just being auto-generated you want to use environment variables and hide use environment variables and hide. Use environment variables and hide you know those those secrets from from you know those those secrets from from. You know those those secrets from from users and developers users and developers users and developers. Um but uh but yeah this is a generated um but uh but yeah this is a generated um but uh but yeah this is a generated. File for django file for django file for django and here's our installed apps list and. And here's our installed apps list and and here's our installed apps list and we're just going to copy and paste. We're just going to copy and paste we're just going to copy and paste the three apps that polaris requires. The three apps that polaris requires the three apps that polaris requires into the list now. Into the list now into the list now let me go over what these are so uh this let me go over what these are so uh this. Let me go over what these are so uh this package called cores headers this is a package called cores headers this is a. Package called cores headers this is a different package outside of polaris different package outside of polaris. Different package outside of polaris that is installed with polaris it that is installed with polaris it. That is installed with polaris it ensures that your server allows requests ensures that your server allows requests. Ensures that your server allows requests to set 24 endpoints from any uh service to set 24 endpoints from any uh service. To set 24 endpoints from any uh service or client or client or client um so it just sets the course policy for. Um so it just sets the course policy for um so it just sets the course policy for. The server the server the server um this rest framework is a uh um this rest framework is a uh. Um this rest framework is a uh it's just a another app that polaris it's just a another app that polaris. It's just a another app that polaris uses uses uses to build out its api and then finally. To build out its api and then finally to build out its api and then finally you install the polaris app. You install the polaris app you install the polaris app and because we have our own app right. And because we have our own app right and because we have our own app right because django so this is a project. Because django so this is a project because django so this is a project right this app. Right this app right this app is a project but within the app i know is a project but within the app i know. Is a project but within the app i know that that that the app and project word is going to get. The app and project word is going to get the app and project word is going to get. Confused here but within the app confused here but within the app confused here but within the app. Directory we have a django directory we have a django directory we have a django application called app so i can change. Application called app so i can change application called app so i can change the name of this. The name of this the name of this top level app thing that's the project top level app thing that's the project. Top level app thing that's the project directory and then within the project directory and then within the project. Directory and then within the project directory we have the app directory directory we have the app directory. Directory we have the app directory and the app directory is essentially the and the app directory is essentially the. And the app directory is essentially the app that we are running app that we are running. App that we are running right alongside the other apps that we right alongside the other apps that we. Right alongside the other apps that we have installed in our installed apps have installed in our installed apps. Have installed in our installed apps list list list so i'm going to also add app uh to. So i'm going to also add app uh to so i'm going to also add app uh to the installed apps list too um the next. The installed apps list too um the next the installed apps list too um the next thing that we're going to do uh. Thing that we're going to do uh thing that we're going to do uh is we're going to add the coors. Is we're going to add the coors is we're going to add the coors middleware so that course package that i. Middleware so that course package that i middleware so that course package that i. Told you about told you about told you about it requires a middleware component uh. It requires a middleware component uh it requires a middleware component uh jingo comes default with a bunch of. Jingo comes default with a bunch of jingo comes default with a bunch of middleware. Middleware middleware uh and our documentation actually uh and our documentation actually. Uh and our documentation actually requests that uh the coors middleware requests that uh the coors middleware. Requests that uh the coors middleware is above the common middleware so is above the common middleware so. Is above the common middleware so this is necessary for django reasons um this is necessary for django reasons um. This is necessary for django reasons um the middleware is the order matters the middleware is the order matters. The middleware is the order matters i'm not going to go too far into deep i'm not going to go too far into deep. I'm not going to go too far into deep into it but you want to make sure that into it but you want to make sure that. Into it but you want to make sure that we have we have we have all the components that we add and the. All the components that we add and the all the components that we add and the correct ordering at least in this. Correct ordering at least in this correct ordering at least in this section section. Section um cool and then finally we're going to um cool and then finally we're going to. Um cool and then finally we're going to add a project root setting add a project root setting. Add a project root setting to our uh to our project and this is to our uh to our project and this is. To our uh to our project and this is going to tell polaris essentially where going to tell polaris essentially where. Going to tell polaris essentially where the top level is and it's going to the top level is and it's going to. The top level is and it's going to look for an environment an environment look for an environment an environment. Look for an environment an environment file file file at the top level of this uh project so. At the top level of this uh project so at the top level of this uh project so i'm going to you know initialize project. I'm going to you know initialize project i'm going to you know initialize project. Root and i'm actually just going to make root and i'm actually just going to make. Root and i'm actually just going to make it the it the it the directory containing baster so baster. Directory containing baster so baster directory containing baster so baster it was generated automatically by django. It was generated automatically by django it was generated automatically by django. But it's actually this but it's actually this but it's actually this folder right here it's the. Folder right here it's the folder right here it's the right or actually is it so there's the. Right or actually is it so there's the right or actually is it so there's the file. File file it takes the absolute path of that it's it takes the absolute path of that it's. It takes the absolute path of that it's the directory the directory the directory. Containing that file oh it's actually containing that file oh it's actually containing that file oh it's actually. This file so this is the application this file so this is the application this file so this is the application. Folder that baster is referencing folder that baster is referencing folder that baster is referencing. And so i'm going to take the directory and so i'm going to take the directory and so i'm going to take the directory. That contains that directory that contains that directory that contains that directory. So uh project root is going to be my so uh project root is going to be my so uh project root is going to be my. Actual project actual project actual project polaris anchor 3. and this is polaris anchor 3. and this is. Polaris anchor 3. and this is important because we're going to add a important because we're going to add a. Important because we're going to add a dot m dot m dot m file and this is going to contain all of. File and this is going to contain all of file and this is going to contain all of. Our our our environment variables that customize environment variables that customize. Environment variables that customize part of polaris deployment part of polaris deployment. Part of polaris deployment so let's go into there and polaris has a so let's go into there and polaris has a. So let's go into there and polaris has a few environment variables few environment variables. Few environment variables right there that i need to just stick in right there that i need to just stick in. Right there that i need to just stick in the the file the the file the the file so uh you know for the network that. So uh you know for the network that so uh you know for the network that we're using we're going to be using uh. We're using we're going to be using uh we're using we're going to be using uh the test net so this is the the network. The test net so this is the the network the test net so this is the the network pass phrase for that. Pass phrase for that pass phrase for that uh for that network and then this is the. Uh for that network and then this is the uh for that network and then this is the. Horizon horizon horizon instance or url of the instance that instance or url of the instance that. Instance or url of the instance that we'll be using we'll be using we'll be using. And then this is uh our host url so and then this is uh our host url so and then this is uh our host url so. We're going to be doing this all on we're going to be doing this all on we're going to be doing this all on. Localhost localhost localhost so i'm just going to do localhost dot so i'm just going to do localhost dot. So i'm just going to do localhost dot 8000 there we go and and that's there we go and and that's. It for environment variables for now and it for environment variables for now and. It for environment variables for now and then we are going to add then we are going to add. Then we are going to add polaris urls all the endpoints that polaris urls all the endpoints that. Polaris urls all the endpoints that polaris exposes polaris exposes polaris exposes. To our django application so that it's to our django application so that it's to our django application so that it's. Actually exposed actually exposed actually exposed so it's going to give me it's going to. So it's going to give me it's going to so it's going to give me it's going to complain to me right now because it. Complain to me right now because it complain to me right now because it doesn't have. Doesn't have doesn't have some of these functions so we're going some of these functions so we're going. Some of these functions so we're going to import include and then we're also to import include and then we're also. To import include and then we're also going to import uh polaris.urls going to import uh polaris.urls. Going to import uh polaris.urls cool um and so i don't know if you're cool um and so i don't know if you're. Cool um and so i don't know if you're familiar familiar familiar with some of you maybe but but so we. With some of you maybe but but so we with some of you maybe but but so we have this admin endpoint. Have this admin endpoint have this admin endpoint that's already there it comes default. That's already there it comes default that's already there it comes default with every django deployment and then. With every django deployment and then with every django deployment and then on top of that at the root of the domain. On top of that at the root of the domain on top of that at the root of the domain. So so so in order to get to the admin page you in order to get to the admin page you. In order to get to the admin page you would go to your domain would go to your domain. Would go to your domain admin uh in order to hit any of the admin uh in order to hit any of the. Admin uh in order to hit any of the polaris endpoints polaris endpoints polaris endpoints. It's just straight on the domain so um it's just straight on the domain so um it's just straight on the domain so um. So polaris so polaris so polaris comes with a bunch of urls um oh you know what it's cause pycharm. Oh you know what it's cause pycharm doesn't know where my virtual doesn't know where my virtual. Doesn't know where my virtual environment is i was going to go into environment is i was going to go into. Environment is i was going to go into the source code and show you what's the source code and show you what's. The source code and show you what's offered offered offered but polaris offers a bunch of endpoints. But polaris offers a bunch of endpoints but polaris offers a bunch of endpoints in fact they're described right here. In fact they're described right here in fact they're described right here all these endpoints polaris provides. All these endpoints polaris provides all these endpoints polaris provides and those urls are going to be exposed. And those urls are going to be exposed and those urls are going to be exposed at the root of the domain. At the root of the domain at the root of the domain okay so now that we have our urls. Okay so now that we have our urls okay so now that we have our urls installed we're going to. Installed we're going to installed we're going to where's the documentation link okay now that we have our urls. Okay now that we have our urls added to the project we're actually added to the project we're actually. Added to the project we're actually going to stop here because this is a going to stop here because this is a. Going to stop here because this is a this is set up that's going to be this is set up that's going to be. This is set up that's going to be required for every uh installation of required for every uh installation of. Required for every uh installation of polaris polaris polaris but now we're going to go through the. But now we're going to go through the but now we're going to go through the steps that we're actually going to. Steps that we're actually going to steps that we're actually going to deploy so so polaris can deploy any. Deploy so so polaris can deploy any deploy so so polaris can deploy any number of steps. Number of steps number of steps in any combination so you could you in any combination so you could you. In any combination so you could you could literally do polaris and just could literally do polaris and just. Could literally do polaris and just deploy deploy deploy step one uh which is a tomophile you. Step one uh which is a tomophile you step one uh which is a tomophile you could deploy polaris and just do step. Could deploy polaris and just do step could deploy polaris and just do step 10. 10. 10. You could do uh polaris with everything you could do uh polaris with everything you could do uh polaris with everything. You could do it with one of them missing you could do it with one of them missing. You could do it with one of them missing and so forth right so and so forth right so. And so forth right so we're going to set up polaris for step 1 we're going to set up polaris for step 1. We're going to set up polaris for step 1 10 and 24 and that encompasses 10 and 24 and that encompasses. 10 and 24 and that encompasses everything that's required in order to everything that's required in order to. Everything that's required in order to successfully run a deposit withdrawal so successfully run a deposit withdrawal so. Successfully run a deposit withdrawal so let's go to let's go to let's go to step one the configuration required is. Step one the configuration required is step one the configuration required is just to add it to our active steps list. Just to add it to our active steps list just to add it to our active steps list so this active seps list in settings uh. So this active seps list in settings uh so this active seps list in settings uh is a key setting in polaris. Is a key setting in polaris is a key setting in polaris it basically signals to polaris what. It basically signals to polaris what it basically signals to polaris what we're running what what kind. We're running what what kind we're running what what kind what standards do we want to actually. What standards do we want to actually what standards do we want to actually run on our server because we're not. Run on our server because we're not run on our server because we're not going to run them all by default right. Going to run them all by default right going to run them all by default right you may just want one of them so we're. You may just want one of them so we're you may just want one of them so we're going to add step 1 to our active steps. Going to add step 1 to our active steps going to add step 1 to our active steps list. List list and we're actually going to add step 10 and we're actually going to add step 10. And we're actually going to add step 10 and step 24 as well and step 24 as well and step 24 as well. And this is going to tell polaris what and this is going to tell polaris what and this is going to tell polaris what. Urls to expose urls to expose urls to expose so that you don't have like a sep 31 url. So that you don't have like a sep 31 url so that you don't have like a sep 31 url. Exposed when you're not using it exposed when you're not using it exposed when you're not using it. Okay that's actually all that's required okay that's actually all that's required. Okay that's actually all that's required in terms of configuration we'll go into in terms of configuration we'll go into. In terms of configuration we'll go into the integrations later the integrations later. The integrations later step 10 has the same thing except it step 10 has the same thing except it. Step 10 has the same thing except it requires a few new environment variables requires a few new environment variables. Requires a few new environment variables so let's add so this is actually this so let's add so this is actually this. So let's add so this is actually this documentation is incorrect it says documentation is incorrect it says. Documentation is incorrect it says add the following variables to your add the following variables to your. Add the following variables to your settings file you don't need to add settings file you don't need to add. Settings file you don't need to add these two to your settings file i'm these two to your settings file i'm. These two to your settings file i'm going to update this uh this should going to update this uh this should. Going to update this uh this should actually go in your environment actually go in your environment. Actually go in your environment config and if you didn't know that um config and if you didn't know that um. Config and if you didn't know that um django would complain to you about it so django would complain to you about it so. Django would complain to you about it so you'd figure it out um you'd figure it out um. You'd figure it out um but yeah so for step 10 we have this but yeah so for step 10 we have this. But yeah so for step 10 we have this thing called a signing seed which is thing called a signing seed which is. Thing called a signing seed which is essentially the server's essentially the server's. Essentially the server's password for uh for signing transactions password for uh for signing transactions. Password for uh for signing transactions that then the client that then the client. That then the client would sign as well and then the server would sign as well and then the server. Would sign as well and then the server would authenticate would authenticate would authenticate. So i'm not going to go too deep into so i'm not going to go too deep into so i'm not going to go too deep into. What step 10 is but it's just a way for what step 10 is but it's just a way for what step 10 is but it's just a way for. Um um um servers to confirm that uh a user that's servers to confirm that uh a user that's. Servers to confirm that uh a user that's using their service holds using their service holds. Using their service holds the account that they're actually trying the account that they're actually trying. The account that they're actually trying to deposit to to deposit to to deposit to. Uh and this should just be like a random uh and this should just be like a random. Uh and this should just be like a random key pair um key pair um key pair um that you keep secret so what i'm going. That you keep secret so what i'm going that you keep secret so what i'm going to do. To do to do is i'm actually just going to import is i'm actually just going to import. Is i'm actually just going to import stellar's sdk uh stellar's sdk uh stellar's sdk uh. Import keyboard keyboard class and i'm import keyboard keyboard class and i'm import keyboard keyboard class and i'm. Just going to do a random key pair just going to do a random key pair just going to do a random key pair. And uh and then i just have the signing seed listed in i just have the signing seed listed in. The environment so again this is something you'd want to so again this is something you'd want to. Keep secret this would not be checked keep secret this would not be checked keep secret this would not be checked. Into git into git into git and uh and this obviously won't be and uh and this obviously won't be. And uh and this obviously won't be deployed um deployed um deployed um but the code that i'm uh writing right. But the code that i'm uh writing right but the code that i'm uh writing right now will actually be available. Now will actually be available now will actually be available in uh on my github and i'll i'll send a. In uh on my github and i'll i'll send a in uh on my github and i'll i'll send a you know. You know you know i'll show a link uh and and maybe we'll i'll show a link uh and and maybe we'll. I'll show a link uh and and maybe we'll actually have it in the actually have it in the. Actually have it in the description uh of the event that'd be description uh of the event that'd be. Description uh of the event that'd be awesome too awesome too awesome too um so you can obviously reference what. Um so you can obviously reference what um so you can obviously reference what i'm doing here or just. I'm doing here or just i'm doing here or just watch the video back um okay and then. Watch the video back um okay and then watch the video back um okay and then the server jwt. The server jwt the server jwt key so once the client is authenticated key so once the client is authenticated. Key so once the client is authenticated the server is going to return a token the server is going to return a token. The server is going to return a token that's essentially the client's password that's essentially the client's password. That's essentially the client's password uh for interacting and hitting the uh for interacting and hitting the. Uh for interacting and hitting the server's endpoints uh server's endpoints uh server's endpoints uh. And you just want to have a secret and you just want to have a secret and you just want to have a secret. String that you use to encode the jwt string that you use to encode the jwt string that you use to encode the jwt. So we're going to have this super secret so we're going to have this super secret. So we're going to have this super secret jwt string uh you'd obviously want to jwt string uh you'd obviously want to. Jwt string uh you'd obviously want to make this something different make this something different. Make this something different cool so now we have everything we need cool so now we have everything we need. Cool so now we have everything we need for step 10. let's go to step 24. For step 10. let's go to step 24. For step 10. let's go to step 24. Again we need to have the step 24 string again we need to have the step 24 string. Again we need to have the step 24 string in our active steps in our active steps in our active steps. We already did that but one thing that we already did that but one thing that we already did that but one thing that. We need to do on top of that is we need to do on top of that is we need to do on top of that is. Configure our static assets configure our static assets configure our static assets. So uh as you saw in that little demo so uh as you saw in that little demo so uh as you saw in that little demo. Polaris comes out of the gate with polaris comes out of the gate with polaris comes out of the gate with. With a ui that's built in and ready to with a ui that's built in and ready to with a ui that's built in and ready to. Go for you to use go for you to use go for you to use and customize if you want to and it does. And customize if you want to and it does and customize if you want to and it does. That by that by that by by having the static files app installed by having the static files app installed. By having the static files app installed and and and having static resources to use for the. Having static resources to use for the having static resources to use for the ui ui. Ui and so we're going to configure the and so we're going to configure the and so we're going to configure the. Static resources in order to work and static resources in order to work and static resources in order to work and. Deploy deploy deploy so in order to do that uh we're going to so in order to do that uh we're going to. So in order to do that uh we're going to add white noise add white noise add white noise. To our installed apps list and white to our installed apps list and white to our installed apps list and white. Noise is a noise is a noise is a is a static file serving application it is a static file serving application it. Is a static file serving application it just makes serving static files more just makes serving static files more. Just makes serving static files more efficient efficient efficient so we're going to do that we're going to. So we're going to do that we're going to so we're going to do that we're going to. Go to settings go to settings go to settings we're going to go to installed apps oh. We're going to go to installed apps oh we're going to go to installed apps oh actually it's a middleware. Actually it's a middleware actually it's a middleware this is another thing i need to fix the. This is another thing i need to fix the this is another thing i need to fix the documentation will be updated. Documentation will be updated documentation will be updated by the time i release 1.0 django is her. By the time i release 1.0 django is her by the time i release 1.0 django is her polaris is at uh. Polaris is at uh polaris is at uh 0.12 right now it's a pre 1.0 release 0.12 right now it's a pre 1.0 release. 0.12 right now it's a pre 1.0 release um but anyway this is supposed to go in um but anyway this is supposed to go in. Um but anyway this is supposed to go in the middleware the middleware the middleware. Uh so let's go to our middleware section uh so let's go to our middleware section. Uh so let's go to our middleware section it should be above it should be above it should be above. Uh it should it says it should be uh it should it says it should be uh it should it says it should be. Near the top of the list for best near the top of the list for best near the top of the list for best. Performance but still under coors performance but still under coors performance but still under coors. Middleware middleware middleware so we're going to go under coors middleware middleware. Cool um and we obviously want to make cool um and we obviously want to make cool um and we obviously want to make. Sure that sure that sure that uh the static files app is actually in uh the static files app is actually in. Uh the static files app is actually in our installed apps list our installed apps list. Our installed apps list uh and then finally we have some more uh and then finally we have some more. Uh and then finally we have some more settings uh for our settings file settings uh for our settings file. Settings uh for our settings file and these all pertain to uh the static and these all pertain to uh the static. And these all pertain to uh the static files app files app files app so we're gonna have a root directory to. So we're gonna have a root directory to so we're gonna have a root directory to contain all of our static files. Contain all of our static files contain all of our static files so each app that we installed rest. So each app that we installed rest so each app that we installed rest framework polaris. Framework polaris framework polaris even the app that we're using right now even the app that we're using right now. Even the app that we're using right now uh has static files that it's going to uh has static files that it's going to. Uh has static files that it's going to use when it's running use when it's running. Use when it's running and so what django does is it collects and so what django does is it collects. And so what django does is it collects all those apps into one spot all those apps into one spot. All those apps into one spot instead of having to fetch them from a instead of having to fetch them from a. Instead of having to fetch them from a particular app so we're going to call a particular app so we're going to call a. Particular app so we're going to call a directory called collect directory called collect. Directory called collect static which is the name of the command static which is the name of the command. Static which is the name of the command that we're going to use to collect those that we're going to use to collect those. That we're going to use to collect those files files files and we're going to have it be within the. And we're going to have it be within the and we're going to have it be within the. Base directory so it's going to be base directory so it's going to be base directory so it's going to be. Just outside our inner app directory just outside our inner app directory just outside our inner app directory. This is the url that our static assets this is the url that our static assets this is the url that our static assets. Are going to be available at are going to be available at are going to be available at. For django so i'm just going to say it's for django so i'm just going to say it's. For django so i'm just going to say it's polaris static and then we're using this storage. And then we're using this storage component component component for the white noise static file serving. For the white noise static file serving for the white noise static file serving section so this is just one of the many. Section so this is just one of the many section so this is just one of the many ways that white noise can store files. Ways that white noise can store files ways that white noise can store files and then return them when they're. And then return them when they're and then return them when they're requested by the client. Requested by the client requested by the client um okay and then in order to collect. Um okay and then in order to collect um okay and then in order to collect those those. Those uh static files we're gonna run uh our uh static files we're gonna run uh our. Uh static files we're gonna run uh our first command first command first command from manage.pi and we're going to. From manage.pi and we're going to from manage.pi and we're going to collect our static assets. Collect our static assets collect our static assets um where did my uh where did my camera. Um where did my uh where did my camera um where did my uh where did my camera go go. Go okay there we go um okay okay there we go um okay okay there we go um okay so we're going to run. That command but that didn't work that command but that didn't work because we're not uh. Because we're not uh because we're not uh in the same directory as the app or the. In the same directory as the app or the in the same directory as the app or the manage.pi script. Manage.pi script manage.pi script that's within our app directory okay so it gave me an error and it said. Okay so it gave me an error and it said nope you're not ready yet uh nope you're not ready yet uh. Nope you're not ready yet uh you don't have a signing seed you don't have a signing seed. You don't have a signing seed environment environment variable environment environment variable. Environment environment variable uh but we do so what's the problem here uh but we do so what's the problem here. Uh but we do so what's the problem here uh oh i know we don't have our settings uh oh i know we don't have our settings. Uh oh i know we don't have our settings file our django project isn't aware of file our django project isn't aware of. File our django project isn't aware of our environment our environment our environment. And that's that needs to be fixed so and that's that needs to be fixed so and that's that needs to be fixed so. We're going to import we're going to import we're going to import django environ or environ this is a. Django environ or environ this is a django environ or environ this is a package that comes installed with. Package that comes installed with package that comes installed with polaris polaris. Polaris and we are going to check we're going to and we are going to check we're going to. And we are going to check we're going to have an environment object have an environment object. Have an environment object we're going to check if we're going to check if we're going to check if. The path to our environment exists the path to our environment exists the path to our environment exists. So you remember how we are going to i so you remember how we are going to i so you remember how we are going to i. Told you told you told you we're going to use project root to know if the environment is there. To know if the environment is there or that's where we're going to look so or that's where we're going to look so. Or that's where we're going to look so we're going to look we're going to look we're going to look. At the directory the project group at the directory the project group at the directory the project group. Directory and we're going to look for a directory and we're going to look for a directory and we're going to look for a. Dot dot dot m file in that directory and then if m file in that directory and then if. M file in that directory and then if it's there we're gonna read that file okay so now let's try this again and. Okay so now let's try this again and hopefully it knows that we have a hopefully it knows that we have a. Hopefully it knows that we have a signing seat now end is not defined you're right it's. End is not defined you're right it's because it starts off with the because it starts off with the. Because it starts off with the environment package environment package environment package. Okay so now it's complaining about the okay so now it's complaining about the okay so now it's complaining about the. Server jwt key server jwt key server jwt key um that's in the same um that's in the same. Um that's in the same file as the other environment file as the other environment. File as the other environment so or as the other variables so i wonder so or as the other variables so i wonder. So or as the other variables so i wonder why this is complaining about that but not the signing seed server jwt. That but not the signing seed server jwt key is it because we have this key is it because we have this. Key is it because we have this spacing between the environment and or spacing between the environment and or. Spacing between the environment and or the equal sign yeah it was i guess okay we have one. Yeah it was i guess okay we have one more step uh that i glossed over i guess more step uh that i glossed over i guess. More step uh that i glossed over i guess um there's one more middleware oh right um there's one more middleware oh right. Um there's one more middleware oh right okay okay okay so before we so we set up so this page. So before we so we set up so this page so before we so we set up so this page for this documentation is is forcep6 and. For this documentation is is forcep6 and for this documentation is is forcep6 and. Set 24 set 24 set 24 because they share a majority of the because they share a majority of the. Because they share a majority of the integrations that polaris offers integrations that polaris offers. Integrations that polaris offers uh but there is some setup that's uh but there is some setup that's. Uh but there is some setup that's necessary for step 24 particularly necessary for step 24 particularly. Necessary for step 24 particularly uh and specifically we have this uh uh and specifically we have this uh. Uh and specifically we have this uh same site middleware class that comes same site middleware class that comes. Same site middleware class that comes custom with every polaris deployment custom with every polaris deployment. Custom with every polaris deployment uh and this is more of a legacy uh and this is more of a legacy. Uh and this is more of a legacy component component component uh we now suggest that uh. Uh we now suggest that uh uh we now suggest that uh that anchors or sorry that wallets show. That anchors or sorry that wallets show that anchors or sorry that wallets show anchors interactive flows uh in pop-ups. Anchors interactive flows uh in pop-ups anchors interactive flows uh in pop-ups but originally they were uh we were we. But originally they were uh we were we but originally they were uh we were we instructed people to open them via. Instructed people to open them via instructed people to open them via iframes iframes. Iframes in order to show uh in order to have in order to show uh in order to have. In order to show uh in order to have sessions within an iframe you need to sessions within an iframe you need to. Sessions within an iframe you need to have certain have certain have certain http headers um and so. Http headers um and so http headers um and so this middleware class was born to inject. This middleware class was born to inject this middleware class was born to inject. Those headers into every response those headers into every response those headers into every response. So this is required just in case clients so this is required just in case clients. So this is required just in case clients open up your interactive flow open up your interactive flow. Open up your interactive flow in an iframe as opposed to a pop-up in an iframe as opposed to a pop-up. In an iframe as opposed to a pop-up so let's add this middleware class and so let's add this middleware class and. So let's add this middleware class and then we can go ahead okay uh now it's added and it's supposed. Okay uh now it's added and it's supposed to be above session.middleware to be above session.middleware. To be above session.middleware or sorry below oh no session.nowhere should be below. Oh no session.nowhere should be below same side middleware okay same side middleware okay. Same side middleware okay and then finally we need this form and then finally we need this form. And then finally we need this form renderer class and this is going to renderer class and this is going to. Renderer class and this is going to allow allow allow uh for that really for that ui that we. Uh for that really for that ui that we uh for that really for that ui that we provide and it's going to allow you to. Provide and it's going to allow you to provide and it's going to allow you to override any of those assets. Override any of those assets override any of those assets so this is so this is needed if you want. So this is so this is needed if you want so this is so this is needed if you want. To uh to uh to uh you know overwrite any static assets or you know overwrite any static assets or. You know overwrite any static assets or use the default ui which you're going to use the default ui which you're going to. Use the default ui which you're going to want to do if you're running step 24. Want to do if you're running step 24. Want to do if you're running step 24. Um okay let's um okay let's um okay let's okay we're done with configuration now okay we're done with configuration now. Okay we're done with configuration now hopefully this will allow me to compile hopefully this will allow me to compile. Hopefully this will allow me to compile my static assets my static assets my static assets. There it goes okay so now we have a new there it goes okay so now we have a new there it goes okay so now we have a new. Directory called static or directory called static or directory called static or collect static and it holds all the. Collect static and it holds all the collect static and it holds all the static assets that we're going to use. Static assets that we're going to use static assets that we're going to use within our application so that's great. Within our application so that's great within our application so that's great and i think now that we have everything. And i think now that we have everything and i think now that we have everything set up from a configuration standpoint. Set up from a configuration standpoint set up from a configuration standpoint uh we are free to go back to our. Uh we are free to go back to our uh we are free to go back to our database model section. Database model section database model section and actually create our asset so let's. And actually create our asset so let's and actually create our asset so let's let's double check. Let's double check let's double check actually yeah let's before we run the actually yeah let's before we run the. Actually yeah let's before we run the service let's uh let's create our service let's uh let's create our. Service let's uh let's create our database database database um so in order to create our database um. Um so in order to create our database um um so in order to create our database um. We need to run this we need to run this we need to run this uh this migrate command. Uh this migrate command uh this migrate command and uh in order to do that we need to. And uh in order to do that we need to and uh in order to do that we need to make sure that we have a place for the. Make sure that we have a place for the make sure that we have a place for the data to go. Data to go data to go so we're going to create a data so we're going to create a data. So we're going to create a data directory outside of our application directory outside of our application. Directory outside of our application and there's going to be a sqlite file and there's going to be a sqlite file. And there's going to be a sqlite file that is stored in that directory that is stored in that directory. That is stored in that directory and polaris also comes out of the box and polaris also comes out of the box. And polaris also comes out of the box supporting uh postgres supporting uh postgres. Supporting uh postgres um and if you want to use mysql or some um and if you want to use mysql or some. Um and if you want to use mysql or some other engine you're free to do so as other engine you're free to do so as. Other engine you're free to do so as long as you configure your database uh long as you configure your database uh. Long as you configure your database uh appropriately in the settings file and appropriately in the settings file and. Appropriately in the settings file and you install the appropriate connector you install the appropriate connector. You install the appropriate connector django comes out of the box with psycho django comes out of the box with psycho. Django comes out of the box with psycho pg pg pg which is a connector for postgres but if. Which is a connector for postgres but if which is a connector for postgres but if. You want to use mysql or something you want to use mysql or something you want to use mysql or something. Install your connector and then install your connector and then install your connector and then. Configure your database and it should be configure your database and it should be. Configure your database and it should be fine fine fine um okay so now that we're about to. Um okay so now that we're about to um okay so now that we're about to configure our database. Configure our database configure our database uh we're going to do something a little. Uh we're going to do something a little uh we're going to do something a little different instead of having this config. Different instead of having this config different instead of having this config in database we're going to use django. In database we're going to use django in database we're going to use django environs. Environs environs db function which is something that i db function which is something that i. Db function which is something that i like to do um like to do um like to do um because it simplifies uh it just. Because it simplifies uh it just because it simplifies uh it just simplifies the configuration. Simplifies the configuration simplifies the configuration so instead of uh having that dictionary. So instead of uh having that dictionary so instead of uh having that dictionary we're going to have a django.environ.m.d. We're going to have a django.environ.m.d we're going to have a django.environ.m.d. Or no it's going to be m.d.b or no it's going to be m.d.b or no it's going to be m.d.b. And then within actually so i'm gonna and then within actually so i'm gonna and then within actually so i'm gonna. Look at a project that i ran through uh look at a project that i ran through uh look at a project that i ran through uh. Prior to building this because i've done prior to building this because i've done. Prior to building this because i've done this before and making sure i'm doing it. This before and making sure i'm doing it this before and making sure i'm doing it. Right so right so right so let me look at the code here and just let me look at the code here and just. Let me look at the code here and just make sure i'm doing this correctly make sure i'm doing this correctly. Make sure i'm doing this correctly um let's just copy that so we're going um let's just copy that so we're going. Um let's just copy that so we're going to to to configure our database to use an configure our database to use an. Configure our database to use an environment variable to find the db environment variable to find the db. Environment variable to find the db and if that doesn't exist then we're and if that doesn't exist then we're. And if that doesn't exist then we're going to have an sqlite file that we use going to have an sqlite file that we use. Going to have an sqlite file that we use so as you can see we're using so as you can see we're using. So as you can see we're using environments database environments database environments database. And we're going to look for the database and we're going to look for the database. And we're going to look for the database url in the environment url in the environment. Url in the environment if it isn't there the default url that if it isn't there the default url that. If it isn't there the default url that we're going to use is an sqlite path we're going to use is an sqlite path. We're going to use is an sqlite path uh looking for data db.sqli3 uh looking for data db.sqli3. Uh looking for data db.sqli3 within our project root directory within our project root directory. Within our project root directory now that we have our database configured now that we have our database configured. Now that we have our database configured let's try to create our database with let's try to create our database with. Let's try to create our database with python app slash manage.pi migrate boom our database is created. Boom our database is created and all the migrations have been and all the migrations have been. And all the migrations have been executed so our database is in the executed so our database is in the. Executed so our database is in the appropriate state appropriate state appropriate state. That is awesome um so again that is awesome um so again that is awesome um so again. Polaris is a application right it's not polaris is a application right it's not polaris is a application right it's not. Just an sdk or a framework it comes just an sdk or a framework it comes just an sdk or a framework it comes. Fully fully fully implemented with endpoints database implemented with endpoints database. Implemented with endpoints database models models models you know static assets it's a. You know static assets it's a you know static assets it's a full-fledged app the difference is that. Full-fledged app the difference is that full-fledged app the difference is that it also provides a framework. It also provides a framework it also provides a framework or an api interface for you to customize. Or an api interface for you to customize or an api interface for you to customize. Uh its behavior uh its behavior uh its behavior so it holds um two two different tables. So it holds um two two different tables so it holds um two two different tables two database tables asset and. Two database tables asset and two database tables asset and transaction uh and we're going to create. Transaction uh and we're going to create transaction uh and we're going to create. Our asset right now this is the asset our asset right now this is the asset our asset right now this is the asset. That we're gonna anchor on our server that we're gonna anchor on our server that we're gonna anchor on our server. So we're gonna go into the python so we're gonna go into the python so we're gonna go into the python. Console console console load the model for the asset object and load the model for the asset object and. Load the model for the asset object and create nasa in our database so we're in python from django from. So we're in python from django from polaris we're going to import our model polaris we're going to import our model. Polaris we're going to import our model and in our model we're going to create and in our model we're going to create. And in our model we're going to create an asset object an asset object an asset object. With the code srt because that's the with the code srt because that's the with the code srt because that's the. Code for the asset that we're anchoring code for the asset that we're anchoring code for the asset that we're anchoring. And the issuer is going to be the and the issuer is going to be the and the issuer is going to be the. Address of the issuing account and so address of the issuing account and so address of the issuing account and so. When you're setting up your anchor when you're setting up your anchor when you're setting up your anchor. This is going to be different for you this is going to be different for you this is going to be different for you. Right you're going to be anchoring a right you're going to be anchoring a right you're going to be anchoring a. Different asset with a different code different asset with a different code different asset with a different code. And you're going to need to actually and you're going to need to actually and you're going to need to actually. Issue an asset issue an asset issue an asset and we have materials documentation that. And we have materials documentation that and we have materials documentation that. Documents how to issue assets but for documents how to issue assets but for documents how to issue assets but for. Now we're just going to use the srt now we're just going to use the srt now we're just going to use the srt. Asset here so here is the asset here so here is the asset here so here is the public key for the issuer and i'm. Public key for the issuer and i'm public key for the issuer and i'm actually that's all i'm going to do for. Actually that's all i'm going to do for actually that's all i'm going to do for now i'm. Now i'm now i'm going to also enable sep24 this asset object also needs the this asset object also needs the. Distribution seed distribution seed distribution seed uh so there's two accounts for every. Uh so there's two accounts for every uh so there's two accounts for every asset there's an issuing account and. Asset there's an issuing account and asset there's an issuing account and there's a distribution account. There's a distribution account there's a distribution account the distribution account is the one. The distribution account is the one the distribution account is the one that's actually going to be receiving. That's actually going to be receiving that's actually going to be receiving and sending payments. And sending payments and sending payments and so we're going to need to control and so we're going to need to control. And so we're going to need to control this account from polaris this account from polaris. This account from polaris so we need the secret key for that so we need the secret key for that. So we need the secret key for that account and i'm not going to show you account and i'm not going to show you. Account and i'm not going to show you right now right now right now in this screen but i'm going to add it. In this screen but i'm going to add it in this screen but i'm going to add it to this asset. To this asset to this asset in another screen that you guys can't in another screen that you guys can't. In another screen that you guys can't see so see so see so yeah just give me give me three seconds. Yeah just give me give me three seconds yeah just give me give me three seconds to add that. Uh and and this distribution seed by the uh and and this distribution seed by the. Way is going to be stored in our way is going to be stored in our way is going to be stored in our. Database and this is always database and this is always database and this is always. Something that you'd want to make sure something that you'd want to make sure something that you'd want to make sure. Is secure um is secure um is secure um it's going to be encrypted in the it's going to be encrypted in the. It's going to be encrypted in the database so whenever uh database so whenever uh. Database so whenever uh seeds are stored in the database they're seeds are stored in the database they're. Seeds are stored in the database they're encrypted but their own but then they're. Encrypted but their own but then they're encrypted but their own but then they're. Decrypted when they're brought into decrypted when they're brought into decrypted when they're brought into. Memory memory memory so i'm going to import or i'm going to so i'm going to import or i'm going to. So i'm going to import or i'm going to add this add this add this this secret key for the distribution. This secret key for the distribution this secret key for the distribution account of srt. And it's going to allow my polaris to and it's going to allow my polaris to control the distribution account. Cool okay so i just added the cool okay so i just added the distribution seed distribution seed. Distribution seed and so now if you look at the asset in and so now if you look at the asset in. And so now if you look at the asset in the database uh just look at the distribution account. Uh just look at the distribution account it generates the account from the seed it generates the account from the seed. It generates the account from the seed that i entered so that i entered so that i entered so. That's available as well um okay that's available as well um okay that's available as well um okay. Now that we have uh now that we have uh now that we have uh everything we need in that department in. Everything we need in that department in everything we need in that department in. The asset department the asset department the asset department we're going to test out our anchor uh so. We're going to test out our anchor uh so we're going to test out our anchor uh so. Let's go ahead and do that let's go ahead and do that let's go ahead and do that okay so we've configured it uh. Okay so we've configured it uh okay so we've configured it uh everything is is everything is is. Everything is is correctly configured so let's actually correctly configured so let's actually. Correctly configured so let's actually run our service and see what we got here run our service and see what we got here. Run our service and see what we got here so i'm going to go to manage.pi and run so i'm going to go to manage.pi and run. So i'm going to go to manage.pi and run the server okay cool so as you can see django has a. Okay cool so as you can see django has a server running server running server running. At uh dot localhost.8000 and so if we go at uh dot localhost.8000 and so if we go. At uh dot localhost.8000 and so if we go there there there uh you can see that we actually don't. Uh you can see that we actually don't uh you can see that we actually don't have anything. Have anything have anything on our route uh and that's okay uh but on our route uh and that's okay uh but. On our route uh and that's okay uh but we do have endpoints for step 24 we do have endpoints for step 24. We do have endpoints for step 24 uh we have the authentication server uh we have the authentication server. Uh we have the authentication server which is septen and we have the tomo which is septen and we have the tomo. Which is septen and we have the tomo file file file so let's check out our tomo file. So this is a very empty tomo file it has so this is a very empty tomo file it has. The the the the standard you know pages that you the standard you know pages that you. The standard you know pages that you would expect from an anchor would expect from an anchor. Would expect from an anchor but it's a locking sum so polaris but it's a locking sum so polaris. But it's a locking sum so polaris implements the tomo implements the tomo implements the tomo. File but it allows you to to customize file but it allows you to to customize file but it allows you to to customize. And to add things to it so this is the and to add things to it so this is the and to add things to it so this is the. First integration that we're going to first integration that we're going to first integration that we're going to. Implement implement implement we're going to tell polaris that we have we're going to tell polaris that we have. We're going to tell polaris that we have additional information to display in the. Additional information to display in the additional information to display in the. Tumble file tumble file tumble file um so we're missing information about um so we're missing information about. Um so we're missing information about the currency the currency the currency is it anchored is it a crypto asset is a. Is it anchored is it a crypto asset is a is it anchored is it a crypto asset is a. Fiat asset what kind of asset is it fiat asset what kind of asset is it fiat asset what kind of asset is it. Um what who who is the organization um what who who is the organization um what who who is the organization. Behind this server behind this server behind this server um you know what's their contact. Um you know what's their contact um you know what's their contact information this kind of stuff is. Information this kind of stuff is information this kind of stuff is missing from the tone when we're going. Missing from the tone when we're going missing from the tone when we're going to add it right now. To add it right now to add it right now okay so let's get out of our settings okay so let's get out of our settings. Okay so let's get out of our settings we're finally done with the settings we're finally done with the settings. We're finally done with the settings we're done with the environment the urls we're done with the environment the urls. We're done with the environment the urls are set up everything's good there are set up everything's good there. Are set up everything's good there let's go to actually we're going to let's go to actually we're going to. Let's go to actually we're going to create a new file create a new file create a new file. So let's stop our server process for a so let's stop our server process for a so let's stop our server process for a. Second we're going to create a new file second we're going to create a new file second we're going to create a new file. Called uh app slash app slash called uh app slash app slash called uh app slash app slash. Integrations and this file is going to contain all of and this file is going to contain all of. Our custom code all the code that our custom code all the code that our custom code all the code that. Augments polaris is going to be in this augments polaris is going to be in this augments polaris is going to be in this. File file file and i'm also going to create uh an and i'm also going to create uh an. And i'm also going to create uh an apps.pi file now apps.pi apps.pi file now apps.pi. Apps.pi file now apps.pi is a special file that django looks for is a special file that django looks for. Is a special file that django looks for in every application in every application. In every application that's installed in the installed apps that's installed in the installed apps. That's installed in the installed apps list and list and list and specifically it looks for a app config. Specifically it looks for a app config specifically it looks for a app config object within apps.pi. Object within apps.pi object within apps.pi uh and it runs any code within the app. Uh and it runs any code within the app uh and it runs any code within the app config. Config config class before starting the application class before starting the application. Class before starting the application so this is a good place for us to so this is a good place for us to. So this is a good place for us to register our integrations register our integrations. Register our integrations it's only going to do it once and it's it's only going to do it once and it's. It's only going to do it once and it's going to make sure that going to make sure that. Going to make sure that polaris has the custom code that we polaris has the custom code that we. Polaris has the custom code that we write write write so from django.app so from django.app. So from django.app import app config is gonna inherit from app config is gonna inherit from app config. The name of our application and this is the name of our application and this is the name of our application and this is. A django thing by the way if you look at a django thing by the way if you look at. A django thing by the way if you look at the documentation django outlines the documentation django outlines. The documentation django outlines what this is and and uh why you need to what this is and and uh why you need to. What this is and and uh why you need to do it um do it um do it um so we're just gonna again our app is. So we're just gonna again our app is so we're just gonna again our app is named app nothing nothing complex about. Named app nothing nothing complex about named app nothing nothing complex about it and then we're going to have a. It and then we're going to have a it and then we're going to have a a ready function and this ready function. A ready function and this ready function a ready function and this ready function. Is going to be run is going to be run is going to be run every time we start our application and. Every time we start our application and every time we start our application and it's just going to do any kind of setup. It's just going to do any kind of setup it's just going to do any kind of setup necessary. Necessary necessary before running our service and so what before running our service and so what. Before running our service and so what we're going to do we're going to do we're going to do. Is we're going to register our is we're going to register our is we're going to register our. Integrations here so we're going to do integrations here so we're going to do integrations here so we're going to do. From integrations import now we don't from integrations import now we don't from integrations import now we don't. Have anything to import right now have anything to import right now have anything to import right now. But we're going to import this tomo but we're going to import this tomo but we're going to import this tomo. Function first function first function first and then from polaris integrations we're going to import the register. We're going to import the register integrations function now it's actually not auto completing. Now it's actually not auto completing which is kind of annoying i'm going to which is kind of annoying i'm going to. Which is kind of annoying i'm going to see if i can configure see if i can configure. See if i can configure the virtual environment right now so it the virtual environment right now so it. The virtual environment right now so it knows what django version we're using knows what django version we're using. Knows what django version we're using and actually auto corrects and um sorry one second here how are we. Um sorry one second here how are we doing on time doing on time doing on time we're a little we're a little pushed so. We're a little we're a little pushed so we're a little we're a little pushed so okay this might go over a little bit. Okay this might go over a little bit okay this might go over a little bit uh for any of you who have just strictly. Uh for any of you who have just strictly uh for any of you who have just strictly. An hour uh an hour uh an hour uh i apologize but we're gonna be in and i apologize but we're gonna be in and. I apologize but we're gonna be in and around an hour hopefully around an hour hopefully. Around an hour hopefully i don't need the uh the autocomplete i don't need the uh the autocomplete. I don't need the uh the autocomplete stuff but it will help for sure okay stuff but it will help for sure okay. Stuff but it will help for sure okay yeah no interpreter yeah no interpreter yeah no interpreter. Let's use the local one in our let's use the local one in our let's use the local one in our. Environment set it up environment set it up environment set it up okay now we have django available in our. Okay now we have django available in our okay now we have django available in our. Ide and actually knows what we're using so register integrations we're going to so register integrations we're going to. Uh uh uh we're going to register our integration we're going to register our integration. We're going to register our integration that we haven't even wrote yet that we haven't even wrote yet. That we haven't even wrote yet um and then um and then um and then why does it say that it doesn't have any. Why does it say that it doesn't have any why does it say that it doesn't have any. Of this that's concerning um i don't know what's that's concerning um i don't know what's. Going on going on going on with the highlighting right now i with the highlighting right now i. With the highlighting right now i thought i just configured my uh thought i just configured my uh. Thought i just configured my uh my virtual environment correctly but my virtual environment correctly but. My virtual environment correctly but maybe i didn't i'm not going to spend maybe i didn't i'm not going to spend. Maybe i didn't i'm not going to spend too much more time on this too much more time on this. Too much more time on this yeah actually this is not right this is yeah actually this is not right this is. Yeah actually this is not right this is our this is my system python our this is my system python. Our this is my system python uh let's add the environment that i have uh let's add the environment that i have. Uh let's add the environment that i have in my there we go okay now we're using the. There we go okay now we're using the virtual environment virtual environment virtual environment. Let's give this a second to to adjust let's give this a second to to adjust let's give this a second to to adjust. There we go there we go there we go okay yeah but we don't have this tomo okay yeah but we don't have this tomo. Okay yeah but we don't have this tomo file still but we're going to register file still but we're going to register. File still but we're going to register our integration so polaris our integration so polaris. Our integration so polaris provides this register integrations provides this register integrations. Provides this register integrations function and you can look at the function and you can look at the. Function and you can look at the documentation on it here documentation on it here. Documentation on it here registering integration this is where registering integration this is where. Registering integration this is where you at this is where you add the custom you at this is where you add the custom. You at this is where you add the custom code that you write to polaris so code that you write to polaris so. Code that you write to polaris so polaris can use it polaris can use it polaris can use it. And so as you can see this is the exact and so as you can see this is the exact and so as you can see this is the exact. Same code that we're writing right now same code that we're writing right now same code that we're writing right now. We're registering our integrations and we're registering our integrations and we're registering our integrations and. We're only we're only going to register we're only we're only going to register we're only we're only going to register. The ones that we have the ones that we have the ones that we have so we're not going to register all the. So we're not going to register all the so we're not going to register all the ones that are listed here um but let's. Ones that are listed here um but let's ones that are listed here um but let's get to it so. Get to it so get to it so this is the code that's going to run and this is the code that's going to run and. This is the code that's going to run and it's only going to run it's only going to run. It's only going to run as long as we have this default app as long as we have this default app. As long as we have this default app config environment or variable here so config environment or variable here so. Config environment or variable here so i'm going to go apps i'm going to go apps i'm going to go apps. Dot uh or sorry app dot uh or sorry app dot uh or sorry app dot apps dot my app dot apps dot my app. Dot apps dot my app config that's going to tell django where config that's going to tell django where. Config that's going to tell django where to look to look to look uh for the the code that needs to run. Uh for the the code that needs to run uh for the the code that needs to run before the application starts. Okay let's go to integrations okay let's go to integrations we're going to just define this tonal. We're going to just define this tonal we're going to just define this tonal function. Function function it's not going to have any arguments and it's not going to have any arguments and. It's not going to have any arguments and we are just simply going to uh we are just simply going to uh. We are just simply going to uh yeah that's all we need actually so yeah that's all we need actually so. Yeah that's all we need actually so let's let me show you what happens when let's let me show you what happens when. Let's let me show you what happens when when we just have this so we've when we just have this so we've. When we just have this so we've registered the function but the function registered the function but the function. Registered the function but the function has no code has no code has no code let's see what happens when we run the. Let's see what happens when we run the let's see what happens when we run the service. So it broke and right now polaris is in so it broke and right now polaris is in debug mode so you're seeing this nice ui. Debug mode so you're seeing this nice ui debug mode so you're seeing this nice ui. That shows you what's going on in the that shows you what's going on in the that shows you what's going on in the. Code code code uh typically it won't show you that i'll uh typically it won't show you that i'll. Uh typically it won't show you that i'll just give an error page if you're in just give an error page if you're in. Just give an error page if you're in production production production um but what's going on here is that the. Um but what's going on here is that the um but what's going on here is that the integration that we provide the tonal. Integration that we provide the tonal integration that we provide the tonal function it's not providing what polaris. Function it's not providing what polaris function it's not providing what polaris. Expects expects expects and so you're going to want to look at and so you're going to want to look at. And so you're going to want to look at the tonal function the tonal function the tonal function. That we need to integrate so this is the that we need to integrate so this is the. That we need to integrate so this is the step one integration that we're doing step one integration that we're doing. Step one integration that we're doing right now we're right now we're right now we're. Integrating our tomal function uh and integrating our tomal function uh and integrating our tomal function uh and. Our total function needs to have our total function needs to have our total function needs to have. A dictionary returned containing any of a dictionary returned containing any of a dictionary returned containing any of. The keys the the keys the the keys the level keys right here so let's actually level keys right here so let's actually. Level keys right here so let's actually do that do that do that let's uh let's return a dictionary. Let's uh let's return a dictionary let's uh let's return a dictionary and let's do the documentation section. And let's do the documentation section and let's do the documentation section first. Now uh you can look at step one now uh you can look at step one uh to see what fields that you can list. Uh to see what fields that you can list uh to see what fields that you can list here. Here here so within documentation this is the so within documentation this is the. So within documentation this is the organization documentation this is the organization documentation this is the. Organization documentation this is the information i'm gonna fill out right now information i'm gonna fill out right now. Information i'm gonna fill out right now these are the properties that you can these are the properties that you can. These are the properties that you can add so let's add an org name let's add a we don't have a logo let's. Let's add a we don't have a logo let's add a url add a url add a url we have a logo but i'm not going to get. We have a logo but i'm not going to get we have a logo but i'm not going to get it right now. That's our home domain and that's our home domain and that's all i'm going to provide for the. That's all i'm going to provide for the that's all i'm going to provide for the organization but you get the point. Organization but you get the point organization but you get the point you can add any of these other keys as. You can add any of these other keys as you can add any of these other keys as well. Well well let's uh let's add some let's uh let's add some let's uh let's add some. Point of contact information so polaris point of contact information so polaris point of contact information so polaris. Doesn't know doesn't know doesn't know who's actually building this and who's who's actually building this and who's. Who's actually building this and who's responsible for it responsible for it responsible for it. So that's why we have this tomo file in so that's why we have this tomo file in so that's why we have this tomo file in. This this this what they called point of contact or what they called point of contact or. What they called point of contact or principles principles principles list so it's a list right so we're going to. So it's a list right so we're going to have a multitude of these have a multitude of these. Have a multitude of these we only have one though um and that we only have one though um and that. We only have one though um and that person's name person's name person's name is jake urban um. Is jake urban um is jake urban um and that's all i'm going to provide i'm and that's all i'm going to provide i'm. And that's all i'm going to provide i'm not going to provide my email or key not going to provide my email or key. Not going to provide my email or key base or anything like that base or anything like that. Base or anything like that but again you get the idea this is all but again you get the idea this is all. But again you get the idea this is all information that's going to be injected information that's going to be injected. Information that's going to be injected into into into our our tumble file our our tumble file. Our our tumble file let's re let's add some currency let's re let's add some currency. Let's re let's add some currency documentation so let's add a currency we're obviously. So let's add a currency we're obviously anchoring srt anchoring srt anchoring srt. Actually let's just do let's get the and we only have one asset in our and we only have one asset in our. Database so we're just going to get the database so we're just going to get the database so we're just going to get the. First one and then let's use the code of that and then let's use the code of that. Asset asset asset and the asset issuer okay and then we're also going to add okay and then we're also going to add. The status so this again is a test token the status so this again is a test token. The status so this again is a test token right it's not actually real money right it's not actually real money. Right it's not actually real money so this is a test token uh srt is the so this is a test token uh srt is the. So this is a test token uh srt is the dominated using two decimal places dominated using two decimal places. Dominated using two decimal places and we are going to give it a name okay let's see where we're at now so as. Okay let's see where we're at now so as you can see our you can see our you can see our. Code is refreshing every time or her code is refreshing every time or her code is refreshing every time or her. Service is refreshing every time we service is refreshing every time we service is refreshing every time we. Change our code and now we have some change our code and now we have some change our code and now we have some. More information on our tomo file so more information on our tomo file so more information on our tomo file so. Congratulations we've done our first congratulations we've done our first congratulations we've done our first. Integration with polaris integration with polaris integration with polaris um as you can see it has a principles. Um as you can see it has a principles um as you can see it has a principles section now. Section now section now it has the name that of the principle it has the name that of the principle. It has the name that of the principle for this service for this service for this service. It has all the information on the it has all the information on the it has all the information on the. Currency section that we entered currency section that we entered currency section that we entered. And has some documentation about the and has some documentation about the and has some documentation about the. Organization who organization who organization who maintains this service um cool so that. Maintains this service um cool so that maintains this service um cool so that is so this pattern of. Is so this pattern of is so this pattern of writing code registering that code with. Writing code registering that code with writing code registering that code with polaris and then having pillars use that. Polaris and then having pillars use that polaris and then having pillars use that. Code code code that that's the pattern of polaris um it that that's the pattern of polaris um it. That that's the pattern of polaris um it has a lot of stuff that can do on its has a lot of stuff that can do on its. Has a lot of stuff that can do on its own but when it needs extra information own but when it needs extra information. Own but when it needs extra information that it can't automate that it can't automate. That it can't automate it requests it from you via integration it requests it from you via integration. It requests it from you via integration functions functions functions um okay so we are doing decently. Um okay so we are doing decently um okay so we are doing decently on in terms of timing uh we have a. On in terms of timing uh we have a on in terms of timing uh we have a couple more integrations to implement. Couple more integrations to implement couple more integrations to implement uh so now we have our tummle let's see. Uh so now we have our tummle let's see uh so now we have our tummle let's see how far we can get. How far we can get how far we can get in the demo that i showed you earlier so in the demo that i showed you earlier so. In the demo that i showed you earlier so let's go to let's go to let's go to uh this demo spot let's look at. Uh this demo spot let's look at uh this demo spot let's look at our demo site let's look at the config. Our demo site let's look at the config our demo site let's look at the config we're not going to. We're not going to we're not going to interface with our test anchor server on interface with our test anchor server on. Interface with our test anchor server on solar.org anymore we're going to solar.org anymore we're going to. Solar.org anymore we're going to actually actually actually uh work with our local machine we're. Uh work with our local machine we're uh work with our local machine we're going to use the same secret key. Going to use the same secret key going to use the same secret key for deposit and withdraw of our srt. For deposit and withdraw of our srt for deposit and withdraw of our srt and we're automatically going to walk. And we're automatically going to walk and we're automatically going to walk through the process i'm not gonna you. Through the process i'm not gonna you through the process i'm not gonna you know talk about exactly what's happening. Know talk about exactly what's happening know talk about exactly what's happening. In the zep24 flow in the zep24 flow in the zep24 flow uh so what happens here okay. Uh so what happens here okay uh so what happens here okay well that's good so we have so let's. Well that's good so we have so let's well that's good so we have so let's take a step back for a second i will. Take a step back for a second i will take a step back for a second i will actually go through a little bit what's. Actually go through a little bit what's actually go through a little bit what's going on here. Going on here going on here our client our wallet connected with our our client our wallet connected with our. Our client our wallet connected with our anchor anchor anchor it hit our tomo file because it knows to. It hit our tomo file because it knows to it hit our tomo file because it knows to. Expect a tomo file at our home domain expect a tomo file at our home domain expect a tomo file at our home domain. Uh it determined that uh it determined that uh it determined that we have a transfer server uh it got the. We have a transfer server uh it got the we have a transfer server uh it got the information. Information information on our transfer server so this is uh on our transfer server so this is uh. On our transfer server so this is uh this is our this is our this is our info endpoint and we actually haven't. Info endpoint and we actually haven't info endpoint and we actually haven't done any work here polaris does this. Done any work here polaris does this done any work here polaris does this completely on its own. Completely on its own completely on its own polaris responded uh with the client or. Polaris responded uh with the client or polaris responded uh with the client or responded from. Responded from responded from uh responded to the client uh all the uh responded to the client uh all the. Uh responded to the client uh all the information about information about information about. The asset so as you can see we're the asset so as you can see we're the asset so as you can see we're. Anchoring srt for deposit anchoring srt for deposit anchoring srt for deposit it's enabled we have a minimum maximum. It's enabled we have a minimum maximum it's enabled we have a minimum maximum amount as well as a. Amount as well as a amount as well as a fixed fee in percent um this is going to fixed fee in percent um this is going to. Fixed fee in percent um this is going to be zero for the purpose of this be zero for the purpose of this. Be zero for the purpose of this demonstration but you can change these demonstration but you can change these. Demonstration but you can change these um and then we actually went through um and then we actually went through. Um and then we actually went through authentication authentication authentication. So for step 10 authentication you so for step 10 authentication you so for step 10 authentication you. Actually don't need to do anything actually don't need to do anything actually don't need to do anything. Either either either polaris influences straight out of the polaris influences straight out of the. Polaris influences straight out of the box and it also box and it also box and it also. Implements the deposit endpoint so once implements the deposit endpoint so once implements the deposit endpoint so once. We got authenticated we got authenticated we got authenticated uh we made a request to make a deposit. Uh we made a request to make a deposit uh we made a request to make a deposit or the wallet did. Or the wallet did or the wallet did and uh and we responded the anchor and uh and we responded the anchor. And uh and we responded the anchor responded with a interactive url responded with a interactive url. Responded with a interactive url uh and the wallet opened up this uh and the wallet opened up this. Uh and the wallet opened up this interactive url for me the user interactive url for me the user. Interactive url for me the user to fill out and so that's what this is to fill out and so that's what this is. To fill out and so that's what this is this is a this is a this is a out of the box default don't do anything. Out of the box default don't do anything out of the box default don't do anything. Polaris view here of this interactive polaris view here of this interactive polaris view here of this interactive. Flow flow flow and so this is what the user would see and so this is what the user would see. And so this is what the user would see and i'm just going to say i'm depositing and i'm just going to say i'm depositing. And i'm just going to say i'm depositing a hundred dollars a hundred dollars a hundred dollars. There's no fee right so it's just a there's no fee right so it's just a there's no fee right so it's just a. Hundred dollars total hundred dollars total hundred dollars total and when i deposit okay that's a pilaris. And when i deposit okay that's a pilaris and when i deposit okay that's a pilaris. Thing if you wait too long on the first thing if you wait too long on the first thing if you wait too long on the first. Screen screen screen it can authenticate your session uh so it can authenticate your session uh so. It can authenticate your session uh so it's just 403. It's just 403. It's just 403. Let's go through this whole thing again let's go through this whole thing again let's go through this whole thing again. So we have a fresh token so we have a fresh token so we have a fresh token and get through the flow so 100. And get through the flow so 100 and get through the flow so 100 oh okay so this is actually a key piece. Oh okay so this is actually a key piece oh okay so this is actually a key piece of. Of of development locally so it keeps on development locally so it keeps on development locally so it keeps on. Giving us 403 giving us 403 giving us 403 and that's because polaris by default and that's because polaris by default. And that's because polaris by default expects to expects to expects to be working over https and if you aren't. Be working over https and if you aren't be working over https and if you aren't on https it doesn't allow you to go into. On https it doesn't allow you to go into on https it doesn't allow you to go into. The interactive flow the interactive flow the interactive flow uh we can turn this off by adding a. Uh we can turn this off by adding a uh we can turn this off by adding a environment variable called local mode. Um okay so now that we have this process um okay so now that we have this process. And we're running in local mode let's and we're running in local mode let's and we're running in local mode let's. See what happens okay um let's try that one more time okay um let's try that one more time. Let's restart this service oh actually yeah i think that's still oh actually yeah i think that's still. That makes sense the code that makes sense the code that makes sense the code the service restarts when the code is. The service restarts when the code is the service restarts when the code is adjusted but not when the environment's. Adjusted but not when the environment's adjusted but not when the environment's adjusted. Adjusted adjusted so let's uh let's do that now that we've so let's uh let's do that now that we've. So let's uh let's do that now that we've added our local mode environment added our local mode environment. Added our local mode environment variable sure okay so cool sure okay so cool it successfully or it accepted our. It successfully or it accepted our it successfully or it accepted our deposit request. Deposit request deposit request and it's now uh the anchor the anchor and it's now uh the anchor the anchor. And it's now uh the anchor the anchor we're building we're building we're building. Is waiting for me the user to send the is waiting for me the user to send the is waiting for me the user to send the. Funds funds funds to the anchor now on mainnet when you're to the anchor now on mainnet when you're. To the anchor now on mainnet when you're doing this for doing this for doing this for. Real uh you're going to want to real uh you're going to want to real uh you're going to want to. Periodically ping periodically ping periodically ping your banking connection and see if i. Your banking connection and see if i your banking connection and see if i have sent. Have sent have sent the deposit um that you have that i have the deposit um that you have that i have. The deposit um that you have that i have initiated initiated initiated right um and so uh. Right um and so uh right um and so uh again there's a process in the again there's a process in the. Again there's a process in the background uh that background uh that background uh that. Periodically pulls all the pending periodically pulls all the pending periodically pulls all the pending. Transactions all the transactions that transactions all the transactions that transactions all the transactions that. We know we know we know the anchor knows uh we can expect the anchor knows uh we can expect. The anchor knows uh we can expect payments uh into our bank account for payments uh into our bank account for. Payments uh into our bank account for and once they're there once we determine and once they're there once we determine. And once they're there once we determine that that that a user has made a deposit into our bank. A user has made a deposit into our bank a user has made a deposit into our bank account off chain. Account off chain account off chain we're going to then going to deposit the we're going to then going to deposit the. We're going to then going to deposit the same amount of funds same amount of funds. Same amount of funds on chain and so that's how an anchor on chain and so that's how an anchor. On chain and so that's how an anchor works with deposit works with deposit works with deposit. But as you can see nothing's happening but as you can see nothing's happening but as you can see nothing's happening. Right now we're just continually pulling right now we're just continually pulling. Right now we're just continually pulling the anchor the anchor the anchor and it's still in this pending uh. And it's still in this pending uh and it's still in this pending uh pending the user state. Pending the user state pending the user state and that's because we aren't running a. And that's because we aren't running a and that's because we aren't running a process on our server. Process on our server process on our server that checks for pending deposits so that checks for pending deposits so. That checks for pending deposits so let's get out of this interactive flow let's get out of this interactive flow. Let's get out of this interactive flow here here here we're not quite done yet um. We're not quite done yet um we're not quite done yet um okay let's stop the server so. Okay let's stop the server so okay let's stop the server so uh this is a good point to talk about. Uh this is a good point to talk about uh this is a good point to talk about polaris so polaris is a web server right. Polaris so polaris is a web server right polaris so polaris is a web server right. It implements the api endpoints defined it implements the api endpoints defined it implements the api endpoints defined. In step 24 in step 24 in step 24 but there's also a variety of but there's also a variety of. But there's also a variety of other tasks that polaris needs to other tasks that polaris needs to. Other tasks that polaris needs to perform in order to function properly perform in order to function properly. Perform in order to function properly one of those is checking up on pending one of those is checking up on pending. One of those is checking up on pending deposits deposits deposits that we can expect from users right and. That we can expect from users right and that we can expect from users right and so in order to. So in order to so in order to actually check up on this polaris comes actually check up on this polaris comes. Actually check up on this polaris comes default with a pull pending deposits default with a pull pending deposits. Default with a pull pending deposits command line tool so what you would do command line tool so what you would do. Command line tool so what you would do is you would have the server running is you would have the server running. Is you would have the server running and you would also have this pull and you would also have this pull. And you would also have this pull pending deposits pending deposits pending deposits. Process running as well and it's going to loop we could run this and it's going to loop we could run this. Once and just check once for pending once and just check once for pending once and just check once for pending. Deposits or we could deposits or we could deposits or we could loop and and run this i misspelled it it. Loop and and run this i misspelled it it loop and and run this i misspelled it it. Sounds like sounds like sounds like pull pending deposits okay so complain to me though because i. Okay so complain to me though because i haven't implemented the integration it haven't implemented the integration it. Haven't implemented the integration it says says says you know you're not ready to run this. You know you're not ready to run this you know you're not ready to run this command line tool because you haven't. Command line tool because you haven't command line tool because you haven't implemented pull pending deposits yet. Implemented pull pending deposits yet implemented pull pending deposits yet and you're right. And you're right and you're right so let's go to integrations so our first so let's go to integrations so our first. So let's go to integrations so our first integration was just a function that we integration was just a function that we. Integration was just a function that we pass pass pass to um to polaris but this second. To um to polaris but this second to um to polaris but this second integration is actually a part of a. Integration is actually a part of a integration is actually a part of a bigger class so we're going to implement. Bigger class so we're going to implement bigger class so we're going to implement. A rails integration class so a rails integration class so a rails integration class so. Rails integration is a class an rails integration is a class an rails integration is a class an. Integration class that we're going to integration class that we're going to integration class that we're going to. Subclass and implement the and implement the the functions outlined in rails the functions outlined in rails. The functions outlined in rails integration integrations okay um integrations okay um. So we're going to define this pole so we're going to define this pole so we're going to define this pole. Pending deposits function pending deposits function pending deposits function and it comes with a bunch of type ending. And it comes with a bunch of type ending and it comes with a bunch of type ending. That i don't have import that i don't have import that i don't have import imported currently. Okay and we actually are just going to okay and we actually are just going to return a list of all depending deposits. So this is polaris so polaris is going so this is polaris so polaris is going to call this function. To call this function to call this function periodically from the pole pending periodically from the pole pending. Periodically from the pole pending deposits process that we run deposits process that we run. Deposits process that we run and it's going and it's going to expect and it's going and it's going to expect. And it's going and it's going to expect that we connect to our bank that we connect to our bank. That we connect to our bank uh look to see if there are any pending uh look to see if there are any pending. Uh look to see if there are any pending transactions that have actually been transactions that have actually been. Transactions that have actually been sent to us sent to us sent to us and then return the ones return the. And then return the ones return the and then return the ones return the transaction objects that are passed. Transaction objects that are passed transaction objects that are passed uh return them back to polaris so. Uh return them back to polaris so uh return them back to polaris so players can actually submit them to the. Players can actually submit them to the players can actually submit them to the network. Network network right and so because we're not actually right and so because we're not actually. Right and so because we're not actually going to receive any payments on testnet going to receive any payments on testnet. Going to receive any payments on testnet we're actually going to just return we're actually going to just return. We're actually going to just return every pending transaction and mark them every pending transaction and mark them. Every pending transaction and mark them essentially as essentially as essentially as. Ready and so this tells polaris to go ready and so this tells polaris to go ready and so this tells polaris to go. Ahead and move on and submit the ahead and move on and submit the ahead and move on and submit the. Transaction transaction transaction so let's go ahead and run this again so let's go ahead and run this again. So let's go ahead and run this again let's run let's run let's run uh our server function and now let's run. Uh our server function and now let's run uh our server function and now let's run. Our uh our uh our uh python app manage.pi pull python app manage.pi pull python app manage.pi pull. Pending deposits process and loop it so pending deposits process and loop it so pending deposits process and loop it so. It's always running it's always running it's always running okay it's still giving me problems. Okay it's still giving me problems okay it's still giving me problems because i actually haven't even. Because i actually haven't even because i actually haven't even registered this function right. Registered this function right registered this function right so now i have my tomo but i also have my. So now i have my tomo but i also have my so now i have my tomo but i also have my. Rails integration class rails integration class rails integration class so i want to register my rails. So i want to register my rails so i want to register my rails integration class with. Integration class with integration class with with the rails keyword of the register. With the rails keyword of the register with the rails keyword of the register integrations function. Integrations function integrations function boom so now my pole putting deposits boom so now my pole putting deposits. Boom so now my pole putting deposits code is registered with polaris and running the pull pending deposits. And running the pull pending deposits function was successful function was successful. Function was successful and i have my server running so let's go and i have my server running so let's go. And i have my server running so let's go through a uh through a uh through a uh a process again and see what happens so. A process again and see what happens so a process again and see what happens so this is the same as the last time. This is the same as the last time this is the same as the last time i'm going to just say i'm going to. I'm going to just say i'm going to i'm going to just say i'm going to deposit 100. Deposit 100 deposit 100 and polaris is just going to move on and polaris is just going to move on. And polaris is just going to move on it's going to assume that i sent it it's going to assume that i sent it. It's going to assume that i sent it so stellar is actually executing the so stellar is actually executing the. So stellar is actually executing the transaction now um transaction now um transaction now um. And it's actually on the seller network and it's actually on the seller network and it's actually on the seller network. It's giving me srt it's giving me srt it's giving me srt in the tote in the wallet that i used. In the tote in the wallet that i used in the tote in the wallet that i used boom there you go complete so if i were. Boom there you go complete so if i were boom there you go complete so if i were to look at the account that i'm using. To look at the account that i'm using to look at the account that i'm using for this wallet right now. For this wallet right now for this wallet right now i would see that i have at least 100 srt. I would see that i have at least 100 srt i would see that i have at least 100 srt. In my account in my account in my account uh the polaris server using the asset uh the polaris server using the asset. Uh the polaris server using the asset that i'm issuing that i'm issuing that i'm issuing. Deposited funds into my seller account deposited funds into my seller account deposited funds into my seller account. After me entering information after me entering information after me entering information. Um so there you go that's the deposit um so there you go that's the deposit um so there you go that's the deposit. Endpoint endpoint endpoint it's fully implemented ready to go it is it's fully implemented ready to go it is. It's fully implemented ready to go it is 11 o'clock an 11 o'clock an 11 o'clock an. Hour on the dot and you have a deposit hour on the dot and you have a deposit hour on the dot and you have a deposit. Flow working flow working flow working now uh there are other integration now uh there are other integration. Now uh there are other integration functions that i need to implement for functions that i need to implement for. Functions that i need to implement for withdraw withdraw withdraw i think at this point i have to decide. I think at this point i have to decide i think at this point i have to decide do i want to in terms of timing do i. Do i want to in terms of timing do i do i want to in terms of timing do i want to go further down. Want to go further down want to go further down and build build out the deposit flow or. And build build out the deposit flow or and build build out the deposit flow or do i want to build with draw flow. Do i want to build with draw flow do i want to build with draw flow and just not go into detail in the. And just not go into detail in the and just not go into detail in the deposit flow because there's a lot more. Deposit flow because there's a lot more deposit flow because there's a lot more you could do. You could do you could do i think i'm going to do the latter so um i think i'm going to do the latter so um. I think i'm going to do the latter so um so so so i'm not going to do this in the talk but. I'm not going to do this in the talk but i'm not going to do this in the talk but. There's tons of customization that you there's tons of customization that you there's tons of customization that you. Can do can do can do using the integrations that pilars using the integrations that pilars. Using the integrations that pilars provides for the deposit flow provides for the deposit flow. Provides for the deposit flow so again you can customize the ui you so again you can customize the ui you. So again you can customize the ui you can make it a different color you can can make it a different color you can. Can make it a different color you can change the forms presented change the forms presented. Change the forms presented and then you can add forms so right now and then you can add forms so right now. And then you can add forms so right now in this demonstration we're just asking in this demonstration we're just asking. In this demonstration we're just asking for the amount for the amount for the amount. Uh but we actually don't even collect uh but we actually don't even collect uh but we actually don't even collect. Anything about our users um anything about our users um anything about our users um. And again this is custom to each anchor and again this is custom to each anchor and again this is custom to each anchor. Right so polaris doesn't do this right so polaris doesn't do this right so polaris doesn't do this. Automatically automatically automatically uh instead it expects you as the uh instead it expects you as the. Uh instead it expects you as the developer to provide django forms developer to provide django forms. Developer to provide django forms that's going to be presented to the user that's going to be presented to the user. That's going to be presented to the user and then you can process and then you can process. And then you can process uh so i'm not going to go through this uh so i'm not going to go through this. Uh so i'm not going to go through this we just don't have the time we just don't have the time. We just don't have the time but this integration uh this these but this integration uh this these. But this integration uh this these section of integration functions are section of integration functions are. Section of integration functions are called form integrations called form integrations. Called form integrations and they're actually available on the uh and they're actually available on the uh. And they're actually available on the uh in the documentation if you go to in the documentation if you go to. In the documentation if you go to step 24 integrations set 24 integrations step 24 integrations set 24 integrations. Step 24 integrations set 24 integrations and this form integrations section and this form integrations section. And this form integrations section outlines outlines outlines what i'm not going to do in this talk. What i'm not going to do in this talk what i'm not going to do in this talk today which is uh provide content for. Today which is uh provide content for today which is uh provide content for every transaction so this is. Every transaction so this is every transaction so this is providing forms and ui customization. Providing forms and ui customization providing forms and ui customization for every form that you need to collect. For every form that you need to collect for every form that you need to collect on the user so if you need name and. On the user so if you need name and on the user so if you need name and email and photo id and anything like. Email and photo id and anything like email and photo id and anything like that that. That you can uh ask that from the user using you can uh ask that from the user using. You can uh ask that from the user using polaris using these integration polaris using these integration. Polaris using these integration functions as long as you register them functions as long as you register them. Functions as long as you register them but we're not going to do that instead but we're not going to do that instead. But we're not going to do that instead we're going to prioritize having a we're going to prioritize having a. We're going to prioritize having a um having a withdrawal flow um having a withdrawal flow. Um having a withdrawal flow work and to do that we're going to run work and to do that we're going to run. Work and to do that we're going to run the entire service so not just the entire service so not just. The entire service so not just pull pending deposits we're going to run pull pending deposits we're going to run. Pull pending deposits we're going to run every process that requires every process that requires. Every process that requires and to do that we're going to use docker and to do that we're going to use docker. And to do that we're going to use docker and docker compose and docker compose and docker compose. So i'm just going to copy and paste the so i'm just going to copy and paste the so i'm just going to copy and paste the. Docker docker docker compose and docker file from compose and docker file from compose and docker file from. This project that i've already written this project that i've already written this project that i've already written. So copy docker file copy docker compose so copy docker file copy docker compose so copy docker file copy docker compose. And i'm going to go into the anchor that and i'm going to go into the anchor that. And i'm going to go into the anchor that we're building right now we're building right now. We're building right now so we have these two files now and if so we have these two files now and if. So we have these two files now and if you look at them you look at them you look at them. Again all the source code for this is again all the source code for this is again all the source code for this is. Going to be on my github going to be on my github going to be on my github but this is essentially a config file. But this is essentially a config file but this is essentially a config file that's going to run. That's going to run that's going to run all the processes that you need to run all the processes that you need to run. All the processes that you need to run in order to run a deposit and withdraw in order to run a deposit and withdraw. In order to run a deposit and withdraw step 24 anchor so as you can see step 24 anchor so as you can see. Step 24 anchor so as you can see we run the server the thing that we run the server the thing that. We run the server the thing that actually runs the step 24 protocol actually runs the step 24 protocol. Actually runs the step 24 protocol we run the pull putting deposits or we run the pull putting deposits or. We run the pull putting deposits or sorry pull pending deposits deposits sorry pull pending deposits deposits. Sorry pull pending deposits deposits process that i showed earlier there's process that i showed earlier there's. Process that i showed earlier there's also three others for withdraw and i'm also three others for withdraw and i'm. Also three others for withdraw and i'm just going to speed through this because just going to speed through this because. Just going to speed through this because we're going to do some some questions we're going to do some some questions. We're going to do some some questions afterwards and i don't want to go too afterwards and i don't want to go too. Afterwards and i don't want to go too far over far over far over so we're going to build actually no. So we're going to build actually no so we're going to build actually no before we build our application we're. Before we build our application we're before we build our application we're going to implement. Going to implement going to implement our um our reg our um our reg our um our reg. Our integration functions for uh our integration functions for uh our integration functions for uh. Withdraw withdraw withdraw so withdraw has some integration so withdraw has some integration. So withdraw has some integration functions that it requires on top of functions that it requires on top of. Functions that it requires on top of what it you know what you have for what it you know what you have for. What it you know what you have for deposit deposit deposit specifically it has this outgoing. Specifically it has this outgoing specifically it has this outgoing execute outgoing. Execute outgoing execute outgoing uh integration function that you execute uh integration function that you execute. Uh integration function that you execute the transaction this the transaction this. The transaction this this transaction or this function uh this transaction or this function uh. This transaction or this function uh polaris calls expecting you to actually polaris calls expecting you to actually. Polaris calls expecting you to actually make a payment so this assumes you've make a payment so this assumes you've. Make a payment so this assumes you've received a withdrawal received a withdrawal. Received a withdrawal uh payment from the user on the stellar uh payment from the user on the stellar. Uh payment from the user on the stellar network and you're actually going to network and you're actually going to. Network and you're actually going to send send send the the the same amount of funds off. The the the same amount of funds off the the the same amount of funds off chain to the user via your banking rails. Chain to the user via your banking rails chain to the user via your banking rails. So we're actually not going to do any so we're actually not going to do any so we're actually not going to do any. Banking rails in this right we're not banking rails in this right we're not banking rails in this right we're not. Going to connecting to any bank going to connecting to any bank going to connecting to any bank. We're just going to mark the transaction we're just going to mark the transaction. We're just going to mark the transaction as as as completed and say that we did actually. Completed and say that we did actually completed and say that we did actually submit it to the bank even though we. Submit it to the bank even though we submit it to the bank even though we didn't this is just for demonstration purposes. This is just for demonstration purposes uh on uh on uh on in when you're actually doing this and. In when you're actually doing this and in when you're actually doing this and writing your integration functions you. Writing your integration functions you writing your integration functions you will want to connect your bank just like. Will want to connect your bank just like will want to connect your bank just like. In full penny deposits in full penny deposits in full penny deposits um completed. Um completed um completed and we're also going to update the fee and we're also going to update the fee. And we're also going to update the fee for the transaction for the transaction for the transaction. So right before we execute we're going so right before we execute we're going so right before we execute we're going. To mark or we're going to calculate the to mark or we're going to calculate the to mark or we're going to calculate the. Fee that we're going to take fee that we're going to take fee that we're going to take. From the transaction so the user send me from the transaction so the user send me. From the transaction so the user send me 100 100 100 we don't have any fees in this demo but. We don't have any fees in this demo but we don't have any fees in this demo but you can charge fees. You can charge fees you can charge fees and uh and but for now i'm just going to and uh and but for now i'm just going to. And uh and but for now i'm just going to say zero right say zero right say zero right. So this function is going to be called so this function is going to be called so this function is going to be called. Every time we need to actually send a every time we need to actually send a every time we need to actually send a. Payment payment payment to a user and then finally actually to a user and then finally actually. To a user and then finally actually that's that's all we need for withdraw i that's that's all we need for withdraw i. That's that's all we need for withdraw i think and we're going to make this think and we're going to make this. Think and we're going to make this this multi-process application by this multi-process application by. This multi-process application by building building building oh man i need to start my uh. Oh man i need to start my uh oh man i need to start my uh my docker daemon that's loading up. My docker daemon that's loading up my docker daemon that's loading up so docker's getting started okay. So docker's getting started okay so docker's getting started okay uh it's five minutes over um. I'm going to try to build the rest of i'm going to try to build the rest of the service. In the meantime i'm open to questions uh in the meantime i'm open to questions uh. If we want to if we want to if we want to uh i will just probably be working uh i will just probably be working. Uh i will just probably be working through this and demonstrating through this and demonstrating. Through this and demonstrating that withdrawal flow as i answer that withdrawal flow as i answer. That withdrawal flow as i answer questions um questions um questions um so uh to the host of this event. So uh to the host of this event so uh to the host of this event if you would like to to give me some. If you would like to to give me some if you would like to to give me some questions go ahead. Questions go ahead questions go ahead and i'll answer them as we're working on and i'll answer them as we're working on. And i'll answer them as we're working on this uh okay so the you know one question is. Uh okay so the you know one question is why use django why use django why use django. Um that's a good question uh um that's a good question uh um that's a good question uh. Django has the tools necessary django has the tools necessary django has the tools necessary. To to do what we're trying to do so to to do what we're trying to do so to to do what we're trying to do so. Flask flask flask doesn't have this reusable app structure doesn't have this reusable app structure. Doesn't have this reusable app structure right so django is a project that can right so django is a project that can. Right so django is a project that can contain contain contain any number of apps that you can plug and. Any number of apps that you can plug and any number of apps that you can plug and. Play play play uh flask doesn't have this requirement uh flask doesn't have this requirement. Uh flask doesn't have this requirement or flask doesn't have this or flask doesn't have this. Or flask doesn't have this this functionality right you have a this functionality right you have a. This functionality right you have a flask application and what the code is flask application and what the code is. Flask application and what the code is in flask in flask in flask is what it is right you can't just add. Is what it is right you can't just add is what it is right you can't just add an app you can install a package and use. An app you can install a package and use an app you can install a package and use. That package but you can't just that package but you can't just that package but you can't just. Plug and play an app so that ability to plug and play an app so that ability to plug and play an app so that ability to. Just plug and play polaris that comes just plug and play polaris that comes just plug and play polaris that comes. With database models and endpoints with database models and endpoints with database models and endpoints. That's unique to django and uh and so it that's unique to django and uh and so it. That's unique to django and uh and so it just made sense for us to do it this way. Just made sense for us to do it this way just made sense for us to do it this way. As long as we are using the python stack so uh we have our docker so uh we have our docker. Uh process up and we're building our our uh process up and we're building our our. Uh process up and we're building our our uh our containers uh our containers uh our containers. So again uh this is oh what's the so again uh this is oh what's the so again uh this is oh what's the. Problem here problem here problem here service server fail to build copy failed service server fail to build copy failed. Service server fail to build copy failed requirements.txt oh yeah we don't have a. Requirements.txt oh yeah we don't have a requirements.txt oh yeah we don't have a. Requirements file let's create one pip requirements file let's create one pip requirements file let's create one pip. Freeze requirements freeze requirements freeze requirements dot text and this is just putting all. Dot text and this is just putting all dot text and this is just putting all our dependencies in a text file. Our dependencies in a text file our dependencies in a text file so when we launch our docker image it. So when we launch our docker image it so when we launch our docker image it can build them according to the file. Um okay so we're installing our um okay so we're installing our dependencies right now. Dependencies right now dependencies right now and this is probably just going to take. And this is probably just going to take and this is probably just going to take a minute um. A minute um a minute um and and once that completes we are going and and once that completes we are going. And and once that completes we are going to compile our static assets to compile our static assets. To compile our static assets i think is the next step let's look at i think is the next step let's look at. I think is the next step let's look at this docker file this docker file this docker file. Yeah so we're going to install system yeah so we're going to install system yeah so we're going to install system. Packages packages packages we're going to make a working home we're going to make a working home. We're going to make a working home directory we're going to make a data directory we're going to make a data. Directory we're going to make a data directory for our database directory for our database. Directory for our database we're going to copy our app code copy we're going to copy our app code copy. We're going to copy our app code copy our environment requirements files our environment requirements files. Our environment requirements files we're going to install those we're going to install those. We're going to install those requirements and then we're going to requirements and then we're going to. Requirements and then we're going to compile our static assets compile our static assets. Compile our static assets then once we've done all that we're then once we've done all that we're. Then once we've done all that we're going to run the run server command going to run the run server command. Going to run the run server command and actually run our application okay and actually run our application okay. And actually run our application okay so now if i run docker compose up so now if i run docker compose up. So now if i run docker compose up hopefully this works yay hopefully this works yay. Hopefully this works yay okay so now we have all these processes okay so now we have all these processes. Okay so now we have all these processes pull depending deposits watch pull depending deposits watch. Pull depending deposits watch transactions transactions transactions the actual step24 server um. The actual step24 server um the actual step24 server um and we all we all have it running so. And we all we all have it running so and we all we all have it running so let's go ahead to our demo. Let's go ahead to our demo let's go ahead to our demo and look at what the withdrawal flow. And look at what the withdrawal flow and look at what the withdrawal flow looks like now. Again i'm going to deposit 100 there's again i'm going to deposit 100 there's no fee. No fee no fee and for a draw the wallet actually and for a draw the wallet actually. And for a draw the wallet actually submits the transaction to stellar submits the transaction to stellar. Submits the transaction to stellar and the anchor is going to receive that and the anchor is going to receive that. And the anchor is going to receive that the anchor's going to receive that the anchor's going to receive that. The anchor's going to receive that that payment so i'm confirming that i that payment so i'm confirming that i. That payment so i'm confirming that i want to send this payment to the anchor want to send this payment to the anchor. Want to send this payment to the anchor the wallet is making a stellar payment the wallet is making a stellar payment. The wallet is making a stellar payment to that anchor right now to that anchor right now. To that anchor right now the our anchor service that we built is the our anchor service that we built is. The our anchor service that we built is going to pick up that going to pick up that. Going to pick up that payment via our watch transactions payment via our watch transactions. Payment via our watch transactions process process process and watch transactions is going to then. And watch transactions is going to then and watch transactions is going to then mark it. Mark it mark it as ready for execution uh the as ready for execution uh the as ready for execution uh the. Polaris will then call our our execute polaris will then call our our execute polaris will then call our our execute. Outgoing transaction function that we outgoing transaction function that we outgoing transaction function that we. Wrote wrote wrote and it will mark the transaction as and it will mark the transaction as. And it will mark the transaction as completed and completed and completed and as you can see uh our transaction has. As you can see uh our transaction has as you can see uh our transaction has completed. Completed completed and so uh we have effectively uh and so uh we have effectively uh. And so uh we have effectively uh withdrawn withdrawn withdrawn funds from our stellar anchor account or. Funds from our stellar anchor account or funds from our stellar anchor account or. From our stellar account from our stellar account from our stellar account and we now presumably have them off. And we now presumably have them off and we now presumably have them off chain in our bank account. Chain in our bank account chain in our bank account uh and so obviously we're not collecting. Uh and so obviously we're not collecting uh and so obviously we're not collecting. The bank details the bank details the bank details so like typically an anchor would say. So like typically an anchor would say so like typically an anchor would say what's your bank account number what's. What's your bank account number what's what's your bank account number what's your bank routing number we need to know. Your bank routing number we need to know your bank routing number we need to know. So that we can actually send you this so that we can actually send you this so that we can actually send you this. Money money money and so we're not collecting that and and so we're not collecting that and. And so we're not collecting that and again the documentation is there and again the documentation is there and. Again the documentation is there and polaris provides that functionality polaris provides that functionality. Polaris provides that functionality but we're not going to request that but we're not going to request that. But we're not going to request that information right now in this demo okay cool awesome so we're 10 minutes. Okay cool awesome so we're 10 minutes over not too bad over not too bad over not too bad. Um but yeah that's how you build an um but yeah that's how you build an um but yeah that's how you build an. Anchor using polaris anchor using polaris anchor using polaris uh there are a lot of other integrations. Uh there are a lot of other integrations uh there are a lot of other integrations. Polaris is pretty extensive polaris is pretty extensive polaris is pretty extensive. Uh and it's in the beta phase or not uh and it's in the beta phase or not uh and it's in the beta phase or not. Beta phase but it's in pre beta phase but it's in pre beta phase but it's in pre pre 1.0 release so there are still. Pre 1.0 release so there are still pre 1.0 release so there are still breaking changes that are being made. Breaking changes that are being made breaking changes that are being made occasionally um. Occasionally um occasionally um but therefore ultimately to become but therefore ultimately to become. But therefore ultimately to become stable stable stable and to make a 1.0 release that will be. And to make a 1.0 release that will be and to make a 1.0 release that will be coming soon um. Coming soon um coming soon um okay cool i think we're done in terms of okay cool i think we're done in terms of. Okay cool i think we're done in terms of demonstration demonstration demonstration. Uh now i'm going to open it up for uh now i'm going to open it up for uh now i'm going to open it up for. Questions uh so that is a good question so there uh so that is a good question so there. Was a question about node.js and whether was a question about node.js and whether. Was a question about node.js and whether or not we're willing to or not we're willing to. Or not we're willing to make a version for node.js and uh make a version for node.js and uh. Make a version for node.js and uh the ques the answer that question is the ques the answer that question is. The ques the answer that question is keep asking um keep asking um keep asking um. We've gotten a handful of requests for we've gotten a handful of requests for we've gotten a handful of requests for. It it it um but the reality is that at the moment um but the reality is that at the moment. Um but the reality is that at the moment uh it's gonna be a lot of work for uh it's gonna be a lot of work for. Uh it's gonna be a lot of work for our team to maintain uh two different our team to maintain uh two different. Our team to maintain uh two different versions of it versions of it versions of it. Uh so it's not it's not worth it for us uh so it's not it's not worth it for us uh so it's not it's not worth it for us. Yet yet yet um but if there is significant demand um but if there is significant demand. Um but if there is significant demand then we might deem it worthwhile so make then we might deem it worthwhile so make. Then we might deem it worthwhile so make it known if you want to use node it known if you want to use node. It known if you want to use node and we can we can discuss that further and we can we can discuss that further. And we can we can discuss that further on github or on github or on github or via key base or however you want to. Via key base or however you want to via key base or however you want to contact us. I'm trying to think if there's anything i'm trying to think if there's anything else that i should mention. Else that i should mention else that i should mention um so this we did step 24 um so this we did step 24. Um so this we did step 24 in this case um right this is polaris in this case um right this is polaris. In this case um right this is polaris implements step 24 implements step 24 implements step 24. But again it also implements a lot of but again it also implements a lot of but again it also implements a lot of. Other steps um other steps um other steps um one that we just added support for is. One that we just added support for is one that we just added support for is set 31. Set 31. Set 31. Step 31 is a set or a standard that step 31 is a set or a standard that step 31 is a set or a standard that. Allows two anchors to facilitate allows two anchors to facilitate allows two anchors to facilitate. International international international remittance payments so the idea is that. Remittance payments so the idea is that remittance payments so the idea is that user a would send money to user b. User a would send money to user b user a would send money to user b by giving money to their to one acre. By giving money to their to one acre by giving money to their to one acre that anchor would send money to a. That anchor would send money to a that anchor would send money to a different anchor. Different anchor different anchor and then the receding user would or and then the receding user would or. And then the receding user would or sorry the receiving anchor sorry the receiving anchor. Sorry the receiving anchor is going to send that money that it is going to send that money that it. Is going to send that money that it received from the anchor from the received from the anchor from the. Received from the anchor from the sending anchor sending anchor sending anchor to the receiving user so it's this. To the receiving user so it's this to the receiving user so it's this little like anchor or sorry user anchor. Little like anchor or sorry user anchor little like anchor or sorry user anchor anchor. Anchor anchor user flow and the cool thing about this user flow and the cool thing about this. User flow and the cool thing about this is that users don't even need to know is that users don't even need to know. Is that users don't even need to know uh that they're using stuller it's just uh that they're using stuller it's just. Uh that they're using stuller it's just a payment from a payment from a payment from. One bank account transaction to the next one bank account transaction to the next. One bank account transaction to the next and so plars provides the integrations and so plars provides the integrations. And so plars provides the integrations necessary to support necessary to support necessary to support. A sep31 receiving anchor so if somebody a sep31 receiving anchor so if somebody a sep31 receiving anchor so if somebody. Wants to send you payments wants to send you payments wants to send you payments uh from across the world in a different. Uh from across the world in a different uh from across the world in a different currency and you want to. Currency and you want to currency and you want to use those funds that sent to you to then. Use those funds that sent to you to then use those funds that sent to you to then. Pay pay pay your own customers in their home your own customers in their home your own customers in their home. Currency you can do that using polaris currency you can do that using polaris currency you can do that using polaris. Step31 integration okay um so i think that's it for okay um so i think that's it for. Questions um questions um questions um thank you guys for tuning in uh and thank you guys for tuning in uh and. Thank you guys for tuning in uh and hopefully you guys learned a lot about hopefully you guys learned a lot about. Hopefully you guys learned a lot about polaris and how it works polaris and how it works. Polaris and how it works um if you have any further questions i'm um if you have any further questions i'm. Um if you have any further questions i'm available available available on key base that's where a lot of our. On key base that's where a lot of our on key base that's where a lot of our sdf employees. Sdf employees sdf employees live in terms of chat and live in terms of chat and live in terms of chat and. Yeah all right thank you for tuning in yeah all right thank you for tuning in yeah all right thank you for tuning in. Have a good day guys.
