Hello, Hello,  welcome everyone to this week's Stellar  welcome everyone to this week's Stella.  welcome everyone to this week's Stellar Developer Meeting. Today joining me are. Developer meeting. Today joining me are developer meeting. Today joining me are Francisco and Estan from Pzelabs. . Francisco and Estan from Pzelabs. Francisco and Estan from Pzelabs. Pzelabs should be familiar to to any of. Pzelabs should be familiar to to any of Pzelabs should be familiar to to any of of you who's been in the community for a. Of you who's been in the community for a of you who's been in the community for a. While. They have been they have been while. They have been they have been while. They have been they have been. Building on Stellar for yeah way longer building on Stellar for yeah way longer building on Stellar for yeah way longer. Than I have. So welcome guys and yeah than I have. So welcome guys and yeah. Than I have. So welcome guys and yeah just please do quick introduction and . Just please do quick introduction and just please do quick introduction and . And then we'll get started. Great. Great.  Thank you, Carson. My name is Estean. I  Thank you, Carson. My name is Estean. I.  Thank you, Carson. My name is Estean. I am building patals since 2022. Am building patals since 2022 am building patals since 2022 where we met all the Stellar team. Where we met all the Stellar team where we met all the Stellar team back in Meridian Rome. Since then we. Back in Meridian Rome. Since then we back in Meridian Rome. Since then we have been building source undefined. Have been building source undefined have been building source undefined and in this presentation we will explain. And in this presentation we will explain and in this presentation we will explain. A bit more that Francisco. A bit more that Francisco. A bit more that Francisco. Yeah, I'm I'm Francisco Yeah, I'm I'm Francisco Yeah, I'm I'm Francisco CPO Baltabs. CPO Baltabs CPO Baltabs and we are excited to and we are excited to and we are excited to. To present the the the hackathon and to present the the the hackathon and to present the the the hackathon and. Motivate everyone to build here. Motivate everyone to build here. Motivate everyone to build here.  Yeah, as a as a quick yeah, a quick  Yeah, as a as a quick yeah, a quick.  Yeah, as a as a quick yeah, a quick comment, we are with Francisco. We are. Comment, we are with Francisco. We are comment, we are with Francisco. We are currently at the Draper Draper. Currently at the Draper Draper currently at the Draper Draper University in San Francisco. So I will. University in San Francisco. So I will University in San Francisco. So I will encourage all developers to to join all. Encourage all developers to to join all encourage all developers to to join all the programs like grants programs that. The programs like grants programs that the programs like grants programs that Stellar has because like the. Stellar has because like the Stellar has because like the opportunities that you can get like we. Opportunities that you can get like we opportunities that you can get like we are getting now like currently I am in. Are getting now like currently I am in are getting now like currently I am in the dorms of the draper university the. The dorms of the draper university the the dorms of the draper university the opportunities is they're they're really. Opportunities is they're they're really opportunities is they're they're really great. Great. Great. Yeah, Draperu is a program we started is Yeah, Draperu is a program we started is. Yeah, Draperu is a program we started is a collaboration between Stellar and a collaboration between Stellar and. A collaboration between Stellar and Draper University we started last year Draper University we started last year. Draper University we started last year and continuing this year where like and continuing this year where like. And continuing this year where like like you guys you stay for three weeks like you guys you stay for three weeks. Like you guys you stay for three weeks go through a really intense program go through a really intense program . Go through a really intense program with a lots of different things with a lots of different things. With a lots of different things everything from business to yeah the everything from business to yeah the. Everything from business to yeah the financial parts and it's a great program financial parts and it's a great program. Financial parts and it's a great program but that's not what we're talking but that's not what we're talking. but that's not what we're talking about today. you are running about today. you are running . About today. you are running you're running a hackathon with Stellar you're running a hackathon with Stella. You're running a hackathon with Stellar hacks and I think to lead up to hacks and I think to lead up to. Hacks and I think to lead up to that to talk about the hackathon the that to talk about the hackathon the. That to talk about the hackathon the idea is that in the hackathon that the idea is that in the hackathon that the. Idea is that in the hackathon that the participants are building on on either participants are building on on either. Participants are building on on either source or on defendex or both. so source or on defendex or both. so. Source or on defendex or both. so maybe we start with an introduction what maybe we start with an introduction what. Maybe we start with an introduction what is what is source swap and what is is what is source swap and what is. Is what is source swap and what is defendex and what can you build on that? Defendex and what can you build on that? Defendex and what can you build on that? So yeah, please take us through the the So yeah, please take us through the the So yeah, please take us through the the. The the basics of of of both products. The the basics of of of both products. The the basics of of of both products.  Thank you, Caren.  Thank you, Caren.  Thank you, Caren. Please, Francisco, Please, Francisco, Please, Francisco,  I will share the screen.  I will share the screen.  I will share the screen.  Great. So ster hacks with the ster hacks you can ster hacks with the ster hacks you can. Swap and build build vaults with palas swap and build build vaults with palas swap and build build vaults with palas. Source app and defendex. So let's talk a bit about source and So let's talk a bit about source and then we will talk a bit about defendex. Then we will talk a bit about defendex. Then we will talk a bit about defendex. If you have questions I think you can If you have questions I think you can If you have questions I think you can. Write them in the chat right. So I will write them in the chat right. So I will write them in the chat right. So I will. Stop if anyone has any questions we will stop if anyone has any questions we will. Stop if anyone has any questions we will stop there and maybe we can share more stop there and maybe we can share more. Stop there and maybe we can share more our screens we can take a look at the our screens we can take a look at the. Our screens we can take a look at the codes etc. Source is a DEX and a DEX aggregator on Source is a DEX and a DEX aggregator on the STA blockchain. And as a brief introduction it was and as a brief introduction it was the first DEX built on Surban on the. The first DEX built on Surban on the the first DEX built on Surban on the smart contract side of the Stellar and. Smart contract side of the Stellar and smart contract side of the Stellar and we aggregates liquidity from multiple. We aggregates liquidity from multiple we aggregates liquidity from multiple multiple liquidity sources or multiple. Multiple liquidity sources or multiple multiple liquidity sources or multiple multiple platforms. So on the right you. Multiple platforms. So on the right you multiple platforms. So on the right you have like a swap that. Have like a swap that have like a swap that got gets loaded through Soros swap, Aqua. Got gets loaded through Soros swap, Aqua got gets loaded through Soros swap, Aqua. And Clinics AMMs. In order for you to understand like the In order for you to understand like the tech of Soros and so you can have. Tech of Soros and so you can have tech of Soros and so you can have like more ideas on how you can hack and. Like more ideas on how you can hack and like more ideas on how you can hack and build on top of source you need to. Build on top of source you need to build on top of source you need to understand that source has three. Understand that source has three understand that source has three components. Components. Components. It. There is the AMM then we have the it. There is the AMM then we have the it. There is the AMM then we have the. Aggregator that aggregates is a smart aggregator that aggregates is a smart aggregator that aggregates is a smart. Contract and then we have a road API. So contract and then we have a road API. So. Contract and then we have a road API. So our road API is the one that will that our road API is the one that will that. Our road API is the one that will that that will that will optimize that will that will optimize. That will that will optimize your trade that will be executed on your trade that will be executed on. your trade that will be executed on the regulator and if you get a trade the regulator and if you get a trade. The regulator and if you get a trade that will go through source AMM it will that will go through source AMM it will. That will go through source AMM it will go through our pools. Source of AMM is where you can create Source of AMM is where you can create liquidity pools. If you want to do like. Liquidity pools. If you want to do like liquidity pools. If you want to do like a simple swap or if you are building a a. A simple swap or if you are building a a a simple swap or if you are building a a. Protocol that needs a liquidity pool, protocol that needs a liquidity pool, protocol that needs a liquidity pool,. You can create a list liquidity pool on you can create a list liquidity pool on you can create a list liquidity pool on. Our AMM. It's a classic swap version two our AMM. It's a classic swap version two. Our AMM. It's a classic swap version two type of AMM. And we have a router type of AMM. And we have a router. type of AMM. And we have a router contract that does everything for you. Contract that does everything for you. Contract that does everything for you. So you can create new pairs through the So you can create new pairs through the So you can create new pairs through the. Rotor contract. You can add liquidity rotor contract. You can add liquidity rotor contract. You can add liquidity. Through the router contract. remove through the router contract. remove through the router contract. remove. Liquidity and swap through only one liquidity and swap through only one liquidity and swap through only one. Contract. So you only need to understand contract. So you only need to understand. Contract. So you only need to understand this one router contract and this one router contract and . This one router contract and we will put the links later but it's we will put the links later but it's . We will put the links later but it's github.comsource core. So all the core smart contracts. Core. So all the core smart contracts are in that core repository. now I am reading the comments sorry. now I am reading the comments sorry. Yeah hacks. Yeah let's go. Great. And Yeah hacks. Yeah let's go. Great. And Yeah hacks. Yeah let's go. Great. And. Then we have the aggregator. If you then we have the aggregator. If you then we have the aggregator. If you. Want to aggregate multiple protocols we want to aggregate multiple protocols we want to aggregate multiple protocols we. Already built a contract that handles already built a contract that handles already built a contract that handles. All those transactions. So you don't all those transactions. So you don't all those transactions. So you don't. Need to think about aqua. You don't need need to think about aqua. You don't need. Need to think about aqua. You don't need to think about Fenix or source. you to think about Fenix or source. you. To think about Fenix or source. you need only need to inter interact with need only need to inter interact with. Need only need to inter interact with only one contract and then inside that only one contract and then inside that. Only one contract and then inside that aggregator contract we have we have all aggregator contract we have we have all. Aggregator contract we have we have all the adapters that will help your the adapters that will help your. The adapters that will help your transaction go through all those transaction go through all those. Transaction go through all those different AMMs different AMMs different AMMs next slide please. next slide please. next slide please. So this is how it looks a transaction So this is how it looks a transaction So this is how it looks a transaction. Through the through the through the simple. So you just put token in, token simple. So you just put token in, token. Simple. So you just put token in, token out, the amount you want in, the minimum out, the amount you want in, the minimum. Out, the amount you want in, the minimum amount you want out, and but the tricky amount you want out, and but the tricky. Amount you want out, and but the tricky part is this dex distribution like how part is this dex distribution like how. Part is this dex distribution like how you distribute your trade between you distribute your trade between. You distribute your trade between different exchanges, between different different exchanges, between different. Different exchanges, between different dexes. And this is how yeah, no next one. And this is how yeah, no next one. So you will need to create this object So you will need to create this object So you will need to create this object. But you don't need to calculate it but you don't need to calculate it but you don't need to calculate it. Yourself. We have it in our road API. Yourself. We have it in our road API. Yourself. We have it in our road API. yeah one one back sorry the yeah this yeah one one back sorry the yeah this. yeah one one back sorry the yeah this one. this is how the transaction one. this is how the transaction. One. this is how the transaction looks like on the looks like on the looks like on the. On the ster on the ster explorer. so on the ster on the ster explorer. so on the ster on the ster explorer. so. You put like how many parts you want of you put like how many parts you want of you put like how many parts you want of. one trade to go through protocol zero one trade to go through protocol zero. one trade to go through protocol zero which is Aquarius how much part you which is Aquarius how much part you. Which is Aquarius how much part you want to protocol two which is source up want to protocol two which is source up. Want to protocol two which is source up yeah yeah yeah any questions until now no through this. Any questions until now no through this any questions until now no through this aggregator you can touch all those . Aggregator you can touch all those aggregator you can touch all those liquidity sources it's only one contract. Liquidity sources it's only one contract liquidity sources it's only one contract. That your app or something that you are that your app or something that you are that your app or something that you are. Building needs to interact with it's building needs to interact with it's building needs to interact with it's. Only one contract and this contract will only one contract and this contract will. Only one contract and this contract will execute all transactions and will do all. Execute all transactions and will do all execute all transactions and will do all. These subcontract calls necessary for these subcontract calls necessary for. These subcontract calls necessary for that trade to go through. So how do you get this optimal vector of So how do you get this optimal vector of. Dex distribution? You can calculate dex distribution? You can calculate dex distribution? You can calculate. Yourself or you can force it. So you yourself or you can force it. So you yourself or you can force it. So you. Want you can force it to go through want you can force it to go through want you can force it to go through. Like specific protocols. That's also like specific protocols. That's also like specific protocols. That's also. That's also a possibility but if not you that's also a possibility but if not you. That's also a possibility but if not you can use the API that we have and this. Can use the API that we have and this can use the API that we have and this. Is like the third part of this source is like the third part of this source. Is like the third part of this source app tech stack. app tech stack. app tech stack. . We have a public API that anyone can we have a public API that anyone can we have a public API that anyone can. Use. We created an a APK key API key for use. We created an a APK key API key for. Use. We created an a APK key API key for for those that that are building on for those that that are building on. for those that that are building on the hackathon. So you can experiment the hackathon. So you can experiment. The hackathon. So you can experiment with our API and the easy thing the the with our API and the easy thing the the. With our API and the easy thing the the the cool thing is that you just put the cool thing is that you just put . The cool thing is that you just put what you want to trade, what are the what you want to trade, what are the. What you want to trade, what are the protocols that you want to implement and protocols that you want to implement and. Protocols that you want to implement and then then then returns you like what is the best way on. Returns you like what is the best way on returns you like what is the best way on. How you split the trade. So we have in the description of the So we have in the description of the hackathon there is a link to our postman. Hackathon there is a link to our postman hackathon there is a link to our postman. Collection. If you want to talk with collection. If you want to talk with collection. If you want to talk with. The API you can go and check the postman the API you can go and check the postman. The API you can go and check the postman collection because it will make it much collection because it will make it much. Collection because it will make it much easier for you how to interact with the easier for you how to interact with the. Easier for you how to interact with the API. API. API. And next one. And next one. And next one. Yeah, this is the all the documentation Yeah, this is the all the documentation Yeah, this is the all the documentation. You need. We have also an SDK. I you need. We have also an SDK. I you need. We have also an SDK. I. Forgot to put it in this in this slide, forgot to put it in this in this slide, forgot to put it in this in this slide,. But there is at source SDK. That's the but there is at source SDK. That's the but there is at source SDK. That's the. Npm package on TypeScript if you are npm package on TypeScript if you are npm package on TypeScript if you are. Building on TypeScript TypeScript. So building on TypeScript TypeScript. So building on TypeScript TypeScript. So. You don't even need to build all those you don't even need to build all those you don't even need to build all those. API calls. There a function for for for API calls. There a function for for for API calls. There a function for for for. It. And we have on the telegram group we it. And we have on the telegram group we. It. And we have on the telegram group we are sending reposit example are sending reposit example. Are sending reposit example repositories that of projects that use repositories that of projects that use. Repositories that of projects that use our APIs. There is a question here Matias There is a question here Matias the distriution in this case will be the. The distriution in this case will be the the distriution in this case will be the. 60 3010 shown in the previous slide 60 3010 shown in the previous slide 60 3010 shown in the previous slide. Right yes so in a in a previous slide right yes so in a in a previous slide right yes so in a in a previous slide. There was like this distribution of 60% there was like this distribution of 60% there was like this distribution of 60%. 30% 10% and cor that's correct that 30% 10% and cor that's correct that 30% 10% and cor that's correct that. The next distribution you say I want 10% the next distribution you say I want 10%. The next distribution you say I want 10% to go through Phoenix and the path will to go through Phoenix and the path will. To go through Phoenix and the path will be XLM direct to USDC be XLM direct to USDC. Be XLM direct to USDC Then you put 30% I want it to go through Then you put 30% I want it to go through. Then you put 30% I want it to go through Aqua going from XLM to Aqua to USC Aqua going from XLM to Aqua to USC. Aqua going from XLM to Aqua to USC because I think or you think or your because I think or you think or your. Because I think or you think or your program thinks that that's the best way program thinks that that's the best way. Program thinks that that's the best way to do it and 80% to do it or 60% to do to do it and 80% to do it or 60% to do. To do it and 80% to do it or 60% to do it through Sora. Yeah. Yeah. Great.  Yeah. And finally we in our in our  Yeah. And finally we in our in our. Back end for our API we use the source back end for our API we use the source back end for our API we use the source. Indexer and this project is completely indexer and this project is completely indexer and this project is completely. Open source. So if you plan to build open source. So if you plan to build open source. So if you plan to build. Something that requires information of something that requires information of something that requires information of. The traits on source, if requires the traits on source, if requires the traits on source, if requires . Yeah if if if you need to build an yeah if if if you need to build an yeah if if if you need to build an. Indexer or if you need to improve the indexer or if you need to improve the indexer or if you need to improve the. Indexer that we have the link is on that indexer that we have the link is on that. Indexer that we have the link is on that slide but it's sorosab.com sorry slide but it's sorosab.com sorry. Slide but it's sorosab.com sorry github.com/sorosabsupql which is the the technology that we are. Which is the the technology that we are using. We are using indexer with subql using. We are using indexer with subql. Using. We are using indexer with subql and of course if you're more interested and of course if you're more interested. And of course if you're more interested talking the telegram there is the talking the telegram there is the. Talking the telegram there is the readmi has all the description on how readmi has all the description on how. Readmi has all the description on how you create this indexer and yeah you can you create this indexer and yeah you can. You create this indexer and yeah you can build like maybe like a front end that build like maybe like a front end that. Build like maybe like a front end that shows the last transactions or shows the last transactions or. Shows the last transactions or a bot that will send you a alert a bot that will send you a alert. a bot that will send you a alert if there is like a if there is like a if there is like a. Difference of price so you can buy a difference of price so you can buy a difference of price so you can buy a. Token. something like that. Does the source of indexer relies on Does the source of indexer relies on mercury? No, it doesn't. the source. Mercury? No, it doesn't. the source mercury? No, it doesn't. the source the the SUQL. The the SUQL the the SUQL indexer it's its own technology. It's indexer it's its own technology. It's. Indexer it's its own technology. It's on TypeScript. there is like on TypeScript. there is like . On TypeScript. there is like Docker. So you you you bring up like Docker. So you you you bring up like. Docker. So you you you bring up like three different Docker containers. Three different Docker containers. Three different Docker containers. One which is like the worker which is one which is like the worker which is one which is like the worker which is. Doing calls to the RPC all the time to doing calls to the RPC all the time to doing calls to the RPC all the time to. Get the last test block and then it will get the last test block and then it will. Get the last test block and then it will ingest it to another container ingest it to another container. Ingest it to another container that will check that there if there is that will check that there if there is. That will check that there if there is the event that you want to check and the event that you want to check and. The event that you want to check and then it will ingest the information to then it will ingest the information to. Then it will ingest the information to to a local data database then later to a local data database then later. to a local data database then later it's you can query it with graphql So now the findex. So now the findex I'm I'm not going to see the the I'm I'm not going to see the the. I'm I'm not going to see the the questions but so if the stean or cast questions but so if the stean or cast. Questions but so if the stean or cast can tell me if there is any question. Can tell me if there is any question. Can tell me if there is any question.  Yeah cool you know  Yeah cool you know  Yeah cool you know.  let me know. Well, so  let me know. Well, so  let me know. Well, so. The findex the findex the findex we want to make easy. We want to make easy. We want to make easy. So what is the findex? The findex So what is the findex? The findex So what is the findex? The findex. Removes the technical complexity for removes the technical complexity for removes the technical complexity for. Apps that want to offer savings accounts apps that want to offer savings accounts. Apps that want to offer savings accounts for their users. So you know that if if you're a wallet So you know that if if you're a wallet or an application end user application. Or an application end user application or an application end user application you may want to offer some sort of. you may want to offer some sort of you may want to offer some sort of savings account and at the same times . Savings account and at the same times savings account and at the same times . You have defy protocols or real world you have defy protocols or real world. You have defy protocols or real world assets that can provide you Jill to to assets that can provide you Jill to to. Assets that can provide you Jill to to make this make this make this this feature of savings accounts. This feature of savings accounts this feature of savings accounts possible but this is difficult h you. Possible but this is difficult h you possible but this is difficult h you it's it's technical to it's too. It's it's technical to it's too it's it's technical to it's too technical to integrate defy it's. Technical to integrate defy it's technical to integrate defy it's difficult to manage risk and difficult. Difficult to manage risk and difficult difficult to manage risk and difficult to monetize on top of that and it's time. To monetize on top of that and it's time to monetize on top of that and it's time. Consuming consuming consuming so we created the index to help with so we created the index to help with. So we created the index to help with that so our plugand play software that so our plugand play software. That so our plugand play software can make you earn when you uses earn can make you earn when you uses earn. can make you earn when you uses earn and all with that with without the and all with that with without the. And all with that with without the crypto complexity. So So with the findex if you're a wallet with the findex if you're a wallet. With the findex if you're a wallet you use our plan and play software and you use our plan and play software and. You use our plan and play software and you can offer yield to your users you can offer yield to your users. You can offer yield to your users and and and this is done by using defy strategies. This is done by using defy strategies. This is done by using defy strategies. So So So you can use this device diverse you can use this device diverse. you can use this device diverse device strategies to offer multiple device strategies to offer multiple. Device strategies to offer multiple options. you have automation on the options. you have automation on the. Options. you have automation on the smart contract side smart contract side smart contract side.  and you can always look for the best  and you can always look for the best.  and you can always look for the best earnings without the need to earnings without the need to. Earnings without the need to for without the need of of the the user for without the need of of the the user. For without the need of of the the user signatures for every every movement. Signatures for every every movement. Signatures for every every movement. So to understand the findex we need to So to understand the findex we need to So to understand the findex we need to. Understand two main concepts one is understand two main concepts one is understand two main concepts one is. Strategies and one is v. So for the strategies and one is v. So for the strategies and one is v. So for the. Strategies strategies strategies is the smart contract that connects is the smart contract that connects. is the smart contract that connects the defy the D5 protocol the defy the D5 protocol. The defy the D5 protocol is is the connection that we have with is is the connection that we have with. Is is the connection that we have with D5 protocols and also we can include D5 protocols and also we can include. D5 protocols and also we can include there some automation there some automation. There some automation that can benefit the users. That can benefit the users. That can benefit the users. And then we have the vaults. The vaults And then we have the vaults. The vaults And then we have the vaults. The vaults. Are the savings accounts. it handles are the savings accounts. it handles are the savings accounts. it handles. All the fee distribution, all the fee distribution, all the fee distribution, all the accounting for users. All the accounting for users. All the accounting for users. It manage all the the It manage all the the It manage all the the how many users you have, which which. How many users you have, which which how many users you have, which which user has. The the amount of the of the funds that the the amount of the of the funds that any user has etc. Any user has etc. Any user has etc. So let's see an example. So this is So let's see an example. So this is So let's see an example. So this is . The blended strategy that we have right the blended strategy that we have right the blended strategy that we have right. Now. We have it for USDC euro C also. So now. We have it for USDC euro C also. So. Now. We have it for USDC euro C also. So we basically we lend USDC we basically we lend USDC. We basically we lend USDC to blend on in a blend pool. We to blend on in a blend pool. We. to blend on in a blend pool. We harvest the blend rewards. We swap this harvest the blend rewards. We swap this. Harvest the blend rewards. We swap this blend rewards for more USDC and we lend blend rewards for more USDC and we lend. Blend rewards for more USDC and we lend again. So we get this autoco compounding again. So we get this autoco compounding. Again. So we get this autoco compounding effect on the on the blend blending and effect on the on the blend blending and. Effect on the on the blend blending and borrowing protocol. Then we on the b contract we can include Then we on the b contract we can include. Multiple strategies. So we you can multiple strategies. So we you can multiple strategies. So we you can. Expose the users to multiple pools. In expose the users to multiple pools. In expose the users to multiple pools. In. This case, we we have this USDC strategy this case, we we have this USDC strategy. This case, we we have this USDC strategy on the blend fixed pool and on the blend. On the blend fixed pool and on the blend on the blend fixed pool and on the blend. Gel blocks pool at the same time. So gel blocks pool at the same time. So gel blocks pool at the same time. So. When a user deposits into the B when a user deposits into the B when a user deposits into the B. Contract, the funds are distributed contract, the funds are distributed contract, the funds are distributed. Automatically on both pools. also if automatically on both pools. also if automatically on both pools. also if. You want to you can have like one 100% you want to you can have like one 100% you want to you can have like one 100%. Of the money in just one strategy. But of the money in just one strategy. But of the money in just one strategy. But. That could change in the future. So you that could change in the future. So you that could change in the future. So you. Can move all the fonts of your users to can move all the fonts of your users to can move all the fonts of your users to. The the other strategy that is the the other strategy that is the the other strategy that is. Performing better. And performing better. And performing better. And that the the good thing is that the user. That the the good thing is that the user that the the good thing is that the user. Don't need to know that their phones don't need to know that their phones don't need to know that their phones. Were moved. Were moved. Were moved. You just move it. but also you as a You just move it. but also you as a You just move it. but also you as a. Manager of the vault you you cannot take manager of the vault you you cannot take. Manager of the vault you you cannot take the the funds of the user out. then so this is what we have right then so this is what we have right now. So if someone wants to create a new. Now. So if someone wants to create a new now. So if someone wants to create a new. Strategy that could be more strategy that could be more strategy that could be more. Interesting like a leverage position interesting like a leverage position interesting like a leverage position . Strategy, strategy, strategy, you will need to implement the strategy you will need to implement the strategy. You will need to implement the strategy trade. So this is how it looks like. So trade. So this is how it looks like. So. Trade. So this is how it looks like. So you just need to put code inside that you just need to put code inside that. You just need to put code inside that reflects the strategy you want to. so reflects the strategy you want to. so. Reflects the strategy you want to. so this the strategy you want to do with. this the strategy you want to do with this the strategy you want to do with. The find index with the index the find index with the index the find index with the index. Just need to comply with this function just need to comply with this function just need to comply with this function. And if it complies with the function you and if it complies with the function you. And if it complies with the function you can plug it to the index vault and can plug it to the index vault and. Can plug it to the index vault and that that strategy will be exposed for that that strategy will be exposed for. That that strategy will be exposed for any any any wallet that want to offer that kind of. Wallet that want to offer that kind of wallet that want to offer that kind of strategy. Then on the board, Then on the board,  can I say a small comment on the.  can I say a small comment on the  can I say a small comment on the. Strategy? Strategy? Strategy?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah. So we we want to see more  Yeah. Yeah. So we we want to see more .  Yeah. Yeah. So we we want to see more more strategies, more ideas that you. More strategies, more ideas that you more strategies, more ideas that you can come maybe other more can be more. Can come maybe other more can be more can come maybe other more can be more. Risky maybe using other protocols. Risky maybe using other protocols. Risky maybe using other protocols. , as Raso said, like the average , as Raso said, like the average , as Raso said, like the average. Strategies, you can short one asset, you strategies, you can short one asset, you. Strategies, you can short one asset, you can long like 9x with the current can long like 9x with the current . Can long like 9x with the current like if if you if you if you check with like if if you if you if you check with. Like if if you if you if you check with blend, you can lend borrow and then swap blend, you can lend borrow and then swap. Blend, you can lend borrow and then swap and borrow again. So you can think about. And borrow again. So you can think about and borrow again. So you can think about. Those kind of things or even using other those kind of things or even using other. Those kind of things or even using other protocols protocols protocols  like sa.  like sa  like sa  like sa  like sa  like sa. Yeah. So that would be like a very good Yeah. So that would be like a very good Yeah. So that would be like a very good. Idea of of a a hackathon project that idea of of a a hackathon project that idea of of a a hackathon project that. That works with both protocols as well. That works with both protocols as well. That works with both protocols as well. Matias is asking for the harvest Matias is asking for the harvest Matias is asking for the harvest. Function what will data will be options function what will data will be options function what will data will be options. this byes. this byes. this byes. Very good question. So because the Very good question. So because the Very good question. So because the. Strategy trait strategy trait strategy trait is general for any kind of protocols. is general for any kind of protocols is general for any kind of protocols like say source swap blend. Like say source swap blend like say source swap blend or normal or aqua fx dowo you don't know. Or normal or aqua fx dowo you don't know or normal or aqua fx dowo you don't know. We don't know beforehand what what we don't know beforehand what what we don't know beforehand what what. Are the parameters that that harvest are the parameters that that harvest are the parameters that that harvest. Function will need probably you will function will need probably you will function will need probably you will. Need to submit some need to submit some need to submit some like some instructions on how the. like some instructions on how the like some instructions on how the trade should be should be if there is a. Trade should be should be if there is a trade should be should be if there is a swap. Swap swap or not you know that's and Matias yeah or not you know that's and Matias yeah. Or not you know that's and Matias yeah  so it it's an optional parameter that.  so it it's an optional parameter that  so it it's an optional parameter that. You may need for some for some logic then we have the b then we have the b . B contract role. So if you want to B contract role. So if you want to B contract role. So if you want to. Create a vault for a specific use case create a vault for a specific use case create a vault for a specific use case. And for example combining multiple real and for example combining multiple real and for example combining multiple real. World assets world assets world assets and you may need to create these and you may need to create these. And you may need to create these roles in order to create a vault. So the roles in order to create a vault. So the. Roles in order to create a vault. So the manager can do everything but taking the. Manager can do everything but taking the manager can do everything but taking the. User fonts. So you can change who is the user fonts. So you can change who is the. User fonts. So you can change who is the rebalance. You can change basically you rebalance. You can change basically you. Rebalance. You can change basically you can change the the other roles. Can change the the other roles. Can change the the other roles. Rebalance manager can only rebalance the Rebalance manager can only rebalance the. Rebalance manager can only rebalance the receiver can only do fe related stuff receiver can only do fe related stuff. Receiver can only do fe related stuff and the emergency manager can rescue and the emergency manager can rescue. And the emergency manager can rescue funds from the users. Funds from the users. Funds from the users. H so in order to create a vault H so in order to create a vault H so in order to create a vault. You can use it you can do it in our you can use it you can do it in our you can use it you can do it in our. Front end then you need to invest or front end then you need to invest or front end then you need to invest or. Rebalance for the first time so the rebalance for the first time so the rebalance for the first time so the. Vault will know how to distribute the vault will know how to distribute the vault will know how to distribute the. Funds automatically then you implement funds automatically then you implement funds automatically then you implement. It in your app in your front end and it in your app in your front end and it in your app in your front end and. Start collecting fees. Start collecting fees. Start collecting fees.  Yeah I want to go want you to go back  Yeah I want to go want you to go back.  Yeah I want to go want you to go back to the roles. To the roles. To the roles. Yeah, here here there is a challenge Yeah, here here there is a challenge Yeah, here here there is a challenge. Here. So if anybody wants to work on here. So if anybody wants to work on here. So if anybody wants to work on. That, how to manage like co how to that, how to manage like co how to that, how to manage like co how to. Co-sign co-sign co-sign these messages. So maybe the manager can these messages. So maybe the manager can. These messages. So maybe the manager can be like a smart contract with be like a smart contract with. Be like a smart contract with different co-signers, different co-signers, different co-signers,. You know, or you can have you can use you know, or you can have you can use you know, or you can have you can use. Like the cosign u structure of a Stellar like the cosign u structure of a Stellar. Like the cosign u structure of a Stellar maybe like created a front end that will. Maybe like created a front end that will maybe like created a front end that will. Help like manage defined exults. Help like manage defined exults. Help like manage defined exults. That's maybe something interesting. That's maybe something interesting. That's maybe something interesting.  Some ideas. Yeah.  Some ideas. Yeah.  Some ideas. Yeah.  Yeah. Multi multic. Thank you, Matias.  Yeah. Multi multic. Thank you, Matias.  Yeah. Multi multic. Thank you, Matias. Then if you want to do is do it this Then if you want to do is do it this Then if you want to do is do it this. programmatically or include this in a programmatically or include this in a. programmatically or include this in a front end, you just need to create this front end, you just need to create this. Front end, you just need to create this trigger this function on our factory. trigger this function on our factory. trigger this function on our factory. yeah. And then this is the front end we yeah. And then this is the front end we. Yeah. And then this is the front end we have right now is just for creating have right now is just for creating. Have right now is just for creating bolts. Bolts. Bolts. So you just fill all the parameters here So you just fill all the parameters here. So you just fill all the parameters here and you will have your vote and you will have your vote. And you will have your vote and then then invest for the first time and then then invest for the first time. And then then invest for the first time you can use Stellar C cli you can use Stellar C cli. You can use Stellar C cli    with the same with this instructions. And then and then we also have an API we also have an API we also have an API. So So So for the API for the API for the API we we have an API key also for the. We we have an API key also for the we we have an API key also for the findings right that is public. Findings right that is public findings right that is public I mean we check this so. I mean we check this so I mean we check this so you can go to api defindex defindex.io. You can go to api defindex defindex.io you can go to api defindex defindex.io docs to see the complete documentation. Docs to see the complete documentation docs to see the complete documentation on this. you can also go to. On this. you can also go to on this. you can also go to docs.define docs.define. Docs.define defindex.io IO and you have like more defindex.io IO and you have like more. Defindex.io IO and you have like more extensive documentation and so yeah that's. And so yeah that's and and and this is like an example of how to this is like an example of how to. This is like an example of how to if you have already an API client you if you have already an API client you. If you have already an API client you can use something like this. so for can use something like this. so for. Can use something like this. so for example if you are doing a front end to example if you are doing a front end to. Example if you are doing a front end to use the a vault contract use the a vault contract. Use the a vault contract erh erh erh you you can call the our our endpoints you you can call the our our endpoints. You you can call the our our endpoints with the function deposit for example with the function deposit for example. With the function deposit for example you just set the amount from from you just set the amount from from. you just set the amount from from who is going to be who is going to be who is going to be. Going to the deposit and we will return going to the deposit and we will return going to the deposit and we will return. The sign transaction then you sign it the sign transaction then you sign it the sign transaction then you sign it. And we can even send it for you. So if and we can even send it for you. So if and we can even send it for you. So if. You want to implement the vault in a you want to implement the vault in a you want to implement the vault in a. Front end front end front end this could be very useful. This could be very useful. This could be very useful.  Yeah we also have we also have we  Yeah we also have we also have we.  Yeah we also have we also have we have deposit withdraw and we have the. Have deposit withdraw and we have the have deposit withdraw and we have the APY endpoints. APY endpoints. APY endpoints. So you don't need you don't need to So you don't need you don't need to So you don't need you don't need to. Build all those things.  Yeah. So and we are here to help you. So  Yeah. So and we are here to help you. So. Please join the telegram group. We are please join the telegram group. We are please join the telegram group. We are. Going to be there going to be there going to be there answering as fast as we can. And yeah we are here to help you. And yeah we are here to help you.  Great. Thank you for for the  Great. Thank you for for the  Great. Thank you for for the. Introduction to Defendex and and to introduction to Defendex and and to introduction to Defendex and and to. Soros Swap. I think it's it's it's Soros Swap. I think it's it's it's. Soros Swap. I think it's it's it's great to see that some of the some of great to see that some of the some of. Great to see that some of the some of the other teams that you are  you're at with the Draperu, they're.  you're at with the Draperu, they're already starting to to look into how. Already starting to to look into how already starting to to look into how they can integrate your your services. They can integrate your your services they can integrate your your services. And I think many more projects in the and I think many more projects in the and I think many more projects in the. Ecosystem could benefit from from ecosystem could benefit from from ecosystem could benefit from from. Integrating with you guys. Francisco, you are sharing your screen. Francisco, you are sharing your screen.  I can remove it.  I can remove it.  I can remove it.  Yeah, sure.  Yeah, sure.  Yeah, sure.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  I don't know if anybody has comments and  I don't know if anybody has comments and.  I don't know if anybody has comments and questions. I think there was a question. Questions. I think there was a question questions. I think there was a question of Matias that was not answered. , yeah. So, he asking so for the , yeah. So, he asking so for the source of a aggregator, he says you. Source of a aggregator, he says you source of a aggregator, he says you don't need to specify the distribution. Don't need to specify the distribution. Don't need to specify the distribution. So you don't have to hassle to do the So you don't have to hassle to do the So you don't have to hassle to do the. Paths. That's not completely right paths. That's not completely right paths. That's not completely right. Because the aggregator needs as an as an because the aggregator needs as an as an. Because the aggregator needs as an as an input the specific path input the specific path. Input the specific path the contract. So the contract that he the contract. So the contract that he. The contract. So the contract that he cannot calculate what's the optimal cannot calculate what's the optimal. Cannot calculate what's the optimal path. However the API is is the one that path. However the API is is the one that. Path. However the API is is the one that will help you with that. And you can try. Will help you with that. And you can try will help you with that. And you can try. With the our API on on on on with the our API on on on on with the our API on on on on. Public net. Public net. Public net. So if you want to like start testing in So if you want to like start testing in So if you want to like start testing in. Production, you can do it. And production, you can do it. And production, you can do it. And. yeah, we we calculate the best path yeah, we we calculate the best path yeah, we we calculate the best path. For you. But then the aggregator for you. But then the aggregator for you. But then the aggregator. Contract needs that information. Yeah. Yeah.  Okay, great. Let's change tracks to  Okay, great. Let's change tracks to.  Okay, great. Let's change tracks to the the hackathon. So right now we have. The the hackathon. So right now we have the the hackathon. So right now we have the the Stellar hacks. I'll just share a. The the Stellar hacks. I'll just share a the the Stellar hacks. I'll just share a link for the hackathon. And this. Link for the hackathon. And this link for the hackathon. And this hackathon is actually about building on. Hackathon is actually about building on hackathon is actually about building on top of Defendex and and Soros. So maybe. Top of Defendex and and Soros. So maybe top of Defendex and and Soros. So maybe if one of you can talk a little bit. If one of you can talk a little bit if one of you can talk a little bit about it. I can Are you sharing your. About it. I can Are you sharing your about it. I can Are you sharing your screen? . Screen? screen?  yeah.  yeah.  yeah.  Share this one.  No, it's it's not this one.  No, it's it's not this one.  Okay.  Okay. But show to show the  Okay. But show to show the the like to hacks web page. Yeah, let's. The like to hacks web page. Yeah, let's the like to hacks web page. Yeah, let's here we go. Here we go. Here we go.  Yeah.  So, this is the second second  So, this is the second second . Hackathon we're doing with Stellar hacks. Hackathon we're doing with Stellar hacks. Hackathon we're doing with Stellar hacks. the first one was integrating the first one was integrating the first one was integrating. Blend. This one is focused on blend. This one is focused on blend. This one is focused on . Building on on defendex and source swap. Building on on defendex and source swap. Building on on defendex and source swap. So, so yeah. So, so yeah. So, so yeah. tell me more about what what would you. Tell me more about what what would you tell me more about what what would you like to see? What is . Like to see? What is like to see? What is  what what is what are people building?  what what is what are people building?  what what is what are people building?  So for example here in defy defy  So for example here in defy defy.  So for example here in defy defy integrations is is my screen is integrations is is my screen is. Integrations is is my screen is showing right? Showing right? Showing right?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  so for example here we have a smart  so for example here we have a smart.  so for example here we have a smart wallets a smart wallet using source and. Wallets a smart wallet using source and wallets a smart wallet using source and or the findex it will be great. Or the findex it will be great. Or the findex it will be great.    So you can use our APIs the Pasi kit So you can use our APIs the Pasi kit. So you can use our APIs the Pasi kit and build something with this and build something with this. and build something with this an staking contract for SA LP tokens. an staking contract for SA LP tokens. an staking contract for SA LP tokens. so so so that that would be great. That that would be great. That that would be great. a re balancer bot a re balancer bot a re balancer bot this this is great. I don't know if you. This this is great. I don't know if you this this is great. I don't know if you remember here but we have this role. Remember here but we have this role remember here but we have this role and this role rebalancer manager. So . And this role rebalancer manager. So and this role rebalancer manager. So we can. We can we can you can create a vault with you can create a vault with you can create a vault with. Where this rebalance manager can be the where this rebalance manager can be the where this rebalance manager can be the. Bot bot bot and and the bot can manage the portfolio and and the bot can manage the portfolio. And and the bot can manage the portfolio for us. For us. For us. MCP servers that can I don't know I can MCP servers that can I don't know I can MCP servers that can I don't know I can. Tell him tell him hey tell him tell him hey tell him tell him hey I want to create a vault and rebalance. I want to create a vault and rebalance I want to create a vault and rebalance it that that could be very great. It that that could be very great it that that could be very great something to doing something like that. Something to doing something like that something to doing something like that then for the the finex strategies. So. then for the the finex strategies. So then for the the finex strategies. So. Ah so for most of these not for the ah so for most of these not for the ah so for most of these not for the. LPS stack staking but for the smart LPS stack staking but for the smart LPS stack staking but for the smart. Wallet rebalancer bot and MCP server you wallet rebalancer bot and MCP server you. Wallet rebalancer bot and MCP server you will probably need to use the APIs will probably need to use the APIs. Will probably need to use the APIs that we are providing. That we are providing. That we are providing. but then if you want to use create but then if you want to use create but then if you want to use create. For example an strategy for example an strategy for example an strategy. you can start from the the index you can start from the the index you can start from the the index. Protocol and modify the the contracts protocol and modify the the contracts protocol and modify the the contracts. For sample for sample for sample where the index here. So this is the where the index here. So this is the. Where the index here. So this is the main the main repo. you can go to main the main repo. you can go to. Main the main repo. you can go to apps contracts apps contracts apps contracts. Strategy strategy strategy and start coding there for more the and start coding there for more the. And start coding there for more the index strategies and use all our the index strategies and use all our the. Index strategies and use all our the already existing variable. So you don't already existing variable. So you don't. Already existing variable. So you don't need to set up anything. Need to set up anything. Need to set up anything. you you wanted to say something. you you wanted to say something. you you wanted to say something. Yeah. Yeah, I am very excited about Yeah. Yeah, I am very excited about Yeah. Yeah, I am very excited about. The strategies. I think this is like the strategies. I think this is like the strategies. I think this is like . The Finex is already like very robust the Finex is already like very robust. The Finex is already like very robust in the boats and we need more in the boats and we need more. In the boats and we need more strategies. We need someone that will strategies. We need someone that will. Strategies. We need someone that will came with some new idea on how to manage came with some new idea on how to manage. Came with some new idea on how to manage funds. You know, we thought about blend funds. You know, we thought about blend. Funds. You know, we thought about blend and rebalancing, but you can think about and rebalancing, but you can think about. And rebalancing, but you can think about something more interesting. Something more interesting. Something more interesting. So and and as as Francisco said is like So and and as as Francisco said is like So and and as as Francisco said is like. There is a trade already for that like there is a trade already for that like there is a trade already for that like. You don't need to and and that's a trade you don't need to and and that's a trade. You don't need to and and that's a trade that will be will it be easy to plug that will be will it be easy to plug. That will be will it be easy to plug to plug it into into vaults to plug it into into vaults. To plug it into into vaults and another comment I wanted to say and another comment I wanted to say. And another comment I wanted to say about the rebalance is that our our about the rebalance is that our our. About the rebalance is that our our vault contract vault contract vault contract. When you are a rebalancing manager when you are a rebalancing manager when you are a rebalancing manager. The vault doesn't give you any like the vault doesn't give you any like the vault doesn't give you any like. Access to the funds at all. It only access to the funds at all. It only access to the funds at all. It only. Allows you to move from one strategy to allows you to move from one strategy to allows you to move from one strategy to. The another strategy. So that's why you the another strategy. So that's why you the another strategy. So that's why you. Can feel confident of experimenting can feel confident of experimenting can feel confident of experimenting. With a rebalancer bot. All right. With a rebalancer bot. All right. With a rebalancer bot. All right. I wanted to say that and about the LP I wanted to say that and about the LP I wanted to say that and about the LP. Tokens as Raph said in when we when tokens as Raph said in when we when tokens as Raph said in when we when. We first talk about this I am also we first talk about this I am also we first talk about this I am also. Very excited about I want to see people very excited about I want to see people very excited about I want to see people. Using LP tokens. So we created source using LP tokens. So we created source using LP tokens. So we created source. Swap swap swap erh erh erh while like even while Soroban was not on while like even while Soroban was not on. While like even while Soroban was not on main yet and we created in a way that LP main yet and we created in a way that LP. Main yet and we created in a way that LP tokens were compatible with the classic tokens were compatible with the classic. Tokens were compatible with the classic tokens. So and we want to see more tokens. So and we want to see more. Tokens. So and we want to see more people using LP tokens. Maybe you can people using LP tokens. Maybe you can. People using LP tokens. Maybe you can send an LP token. Maybe you can stake send an LP token. Maybe you can stake. Send an LP token. Maybe you can stake the LP token. Maybe you can create like the LP token. Maybe you can create like. The LP token. Maybe you can create like a liquidity pool of two LP tokens. I a liquidity pool of two LP tokens. I. A liquidity pool of two LP tokens. I don't know. Think about that. or maybe don't know. Think about that. or maybe. Don't know. Think about that. or maybe a strategy can can need an LP token a strategy can can need an LP token. a strategy can can need an LP token to have an exposure 50/50 I don't know to have an exposure 50/50 I don't know. To have an exposure 50/50 I don't know to to different assets. To to different assets. To to different assets.  Yeah.  Great. So, there's still one week left  Great. So, there's still one week left. Of the hackathon and if you want to of the hackathon and if you want to of the hackathon and if you want to. If you haven't already started building if you haven't already started building if you haven't already started building. And and you think this could be a great and and you think this could be a great and and you think this could be a great. Fun challenge to do and a great way to fun challenge to do and a great way to fun challenge to do and a great way to. To learn more about to learn more about to learn more about  source swap and and defendex then.  source swap and and defendex then  source swap and and defendex then. This hackathon is a great opportunity. This hackathon is a great opportunity. This hackathon is a great opportunity. go to the link that I shared in the go to the link that I shared in the go to the link that I shared in the. In the comments, the door hacks link, in the comments, the door hacks link,. In the comments, the door hacks link, you can read more about the the the you can read more about the the the. You can read more about the the the hackathon the submission hackathon the submission. Hackathon the submission requirements, the deadline and what to requirements, the deadline and what to. Requirements, the deadline and what to do and and these these great examples of do and and these these great examples of. Do and and these these great examples of what what what the pot team think what what what the pot team think. What what what the pot team think could be fun to to see and would love to could be fun to to see and would love to. Could be fun to to see and would love to see being built. So So yeah, go check it. See being built. So So yeah, go check it see being built. So So yeah, go check it. Out. It's it's a it's a it's a great fun out. It's it's a it's a it's a great fun. Out. It's it's a it's a it's a great fun hackathon and as I said there's one week. Hackathon and as I said there's one week hackathon and as I said there's one week. Left so plenty of time to do something left so plenty of time to do something left so plenty of time to do something. Fun. Fun. Fun.  It's up to the 1st of August but yes  It's up to the 1st of August but yes.  It's up to the 1st of August but yes until the 1 of August.  Yeah. And and final comment we will be  Yeah. And and final comment we will be. Helping. If you have any question please helping. If you have any question please. Helping. If you have any question please ask them directly. ask the question ask them directly. ask the question. Ask them directly. ask the question directly because some maybe we don't directly because some maybe we don't. Directly because some maybe we don't have the best documentation. I don't have the best documentation. I don't. Have the best documentation. I don't know we are trying to do our best know we are trying to do our best. Know we are trying to do our best together with a lot of things we are together with a lot of things we are. Together with a lot of things we are trying to do. So please be patient if we trying to do. So please be patient if we. Trying to do. So please be patient if we if we don't if we don't have if you if if we don't if we don't have if you if. If we don't if we don't have if you if you think you don't understand please you think you don't understand please. You think you don't understand please ask because probably maybe we don't have ask because probably maybe we don't have. Ask because probably maybe we don't have that answer in the documentation and that answer in the documentation and. That answer in the documentation and it's very good way to help us to it's very good way to help us to. It's very good way to help us to improve our documentation. We built improve our documentation. We built. Improve our documentation. We built these APIs so you don't need to inter these APIs so you don't need to inter. These APIs so you don't need to inter interact directly with contracts, but interact directly with contracts, but. Interact directly with contracts, but you don't need to do it if you really you don't need to do it if you really. You don't need to do it if you really had want to hack hard, you know. So, had want to hack hard, you know. So,. Had want to hack hard, you know. So, yeah, thank you Karen for for the yeah, thank you Karen for for the. Yeah, thank you Karen for for the opportunity and Raph and Boxy and all opportunity and Raph and Boxy and all. Opportunity and Raph and Boxy and all the team organizing this hackathon and the team organizing this hackathon and. The team organizing this hackathon and Jerome. Jerome. Jerome.  Yeah, they they're really doing a great  Yeah, they they're really doing a great.  Yeah, they they're really doing a great job with these mini hackathons. So, big. Job with these mini hackathons. So, big job with these mini hackathons. So, big shout out to them as well. I see . Shout out to them as well. I see shout out to them as well. I see Raph. Raph Raph shared a a link to the the Telegram shared a a link to the the Telegram. shared a a link to the the Telegram group for the hackathon. So yeah, ask group for the hackathon. So yeah, ask. Group for the hackathon. So yeah, ask away if you have any questions. It's away if you have any questions. It's. Away if you have any questions. It's there's still time to build something there's still time to build something. There's still time to build something something cool. So So please visit something cool. So So please visit. Something cool. So So please visit the hackathon page. The hackathon page. The hackathon page.  Okay, great. Any any other questions  Okay, great. Any any other questions.  Okay, great. Any any other questions before we we end this call? Before we we end this call? Before we we end this call? Doesn't look like there's doesn't look like there's doesn't look like there's  anymore. But thank you for joining. I.  anymore. But thank you for joining. I  anymore. But thank you for joining. I. Know it's it's a crazy busy week for know it's it's a crazy busy week for know it's it's a crazy busy week for. You. being at at Draperu is is a you. being at at Draperu is is a you. being at at Draperu is is a. Lot of fun, but it's also a lot of work. Lot of fun, but it's also a lot of work. Lot of fun, but it's also a lot of work.  We we were pitching the Findex to Tim  We we were pitching the Findex to Tim.  We we were pitching the Findex to Tim Draper on Tuesday. Draper on Tuesday. Draper on Tuesday.  Yeah, Tim Draper is is is a VC legend  Yeah, Tim Draper is is is a VC legend.  Yeah, Tim Draper is is is a VC legend here in Silicon Valley. He was one of. Here in Silicon Valley. He was one of here in Silicon Valley. He was one of the first investors in many cool. The first investors in many cool the first investors in many cool companies like like Tesla, SpaceX, and. Companies like like Tesla, SpaceX, and companies like like Tesla, SpaceX, and ton more companies. So being a being . Ton more companies. So being a being ton more companies. So being a being having the opportunity to pitch Tim. Having the opportunity to pitch Tim having the opportunity to pitch Tim Driver is is definitely an awesome. Driver is is definitely an awesome Driver is is definitely an awesome opportunity. Opportunity. Opportunity.  Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah.  Because we think we think that the  Because we think we think that the.  Because we think we think that the millions of users will have their first. Millions of users will have their first millions of users will have their first Savings account through a wallet, not a. Savings account through a wallet, not a Savings account through a wallet, not a traditional bank. Traditional bank. Traditional bank.  Yeah.  Okay. Thank you everyone and  Okay. Thank you everyone and  you too guys. we'll be back here.  you too guys. we'll be back here  you too guys. we'll be back here. On Twitter next week. Thank you everyone on Twitter next week. Thank you everyone. On Twitter next week. Thank you everyone for joining. Thank you. Bye for joining. Thank you. Bye. For joining. Thank you. Bye  bye. Bye.  bye. Bye.  bye. Bye.  Good idea, Matias.
