Okay i think that we can we can start okay i think that we can we can start again uh good morning everyone in latin. Again uh good morning everyone in latin again uh good morning everyone in latin america welcome to today's panel that we. America welcome to today's panel that we america welcome to today's panel that we. Call it call it call it innovating colombian financial system innovating colombian financial system. Innovating colombian financial system i'm gabriel bisama i lead international i'm gabriel bisama i lead international. I'm gabriel bisama i lead international policy at the stellar development policy at the stellar development. Policy at the stellar development foundation foundation foundation and today we have three experienced. And today we have three experienced and today we have three experienced panelists that. Panelists that panelists that we are going to discuss the we are going to discuss the. We are going to discuss the opportunities and challenges of using opportunities and challenges of using. Opportunities and challenges of using blockchain technology for cross-border blockchain technology for cross-border. Blockchain technology for cross-border payments payments payments and and and specifically what we are going to. Specifically what we are going to specifically what we are going to discuss is discuss is. Discuss is how the use of blockchain technology and how the use of blockchain technology and. How the use of blockchain technology and stablecoins can expand the access and stablecoins can expand the access and. Stablecoins can expand the access and usage of affordable financial services usage of affordable financial services. Usage of affordable financial services and and and how how how actually they could provide a positive. Actually they could provide a positive actually they could provide a positive impact to inclusion and economy by. Impact to inclusion and economy by impact to inclusion and economy by contributing reducing the cost of. Contributing reducing the cost of contributing reducing the cost of cross-border payments so i think that. Cross-border payments so i think that cross-border payments so i think that everyone here that connect to this panel. Everyone here that connect to this panel everyone here that connect to this panel. They know that the average uh cost of of they know that the average uh cost of of. They know that the average uh cost of of cross-border payments remains very high cross-border payments remains very high. Cross-border payments remains very high right now right now right now uh so it amounts to almost six percent. Uh so it amounts to almost six percent uh so it amounts to almost six percent of the amount that you send. Of the amount that you send of the amount that you send which is more than the double of the um. Which is more than the double of the um which is more than the double of the um sustainable development goals target. Sustainable development goals target sustainable development goals target that is actually three percent. That is actually three percent that is actually three percent uh so so this high cost of remittances. Uh so so this high cost of remittances uh so so this high cost of remittances payments have real world impacts on. Payments have real world impacts on payments have real world impacts on individuals and small businesses. Individuals and small businesses individuals and small businesses so for example high costs impact. So for example high costs impact so for example high costs impact migrants migrants. Migrants seeking to some money home for for their seeking to some money home for for their. Seeking to some money home for for their families also small businesses important. Families also small businesses important families also small businesses important. Products uh from foreign suppliers products uh from foreign suppliers products uh from foreign suppliers. And uh non-profit organizations such as and uh non-profit organizations such as and uh non-profit organizations such as. Eight organizations that are actually eight organizations that are actually eight organizations that are actually. There this person uh fans for there this person uh fans for there this person uh fans for. Humanitarian aid humanitarian aid humanitarian aid so blockchain technology and and the. So blockchain technology and and the so blockchain technology and and the responsible. Responsible responsible design and use of of stable coins design and use of of stable coins. Design and use of of stable coins could enable could enable could enable more affordable cross-border payments. More affordable cross-border payments more affordable cross-border payments including remittances but also b2b. Including remittances but also b2b including remittances but also b2b payments payments. Payments that finalize in in seconds and and that finalize in in seconds and and that finalize in in seconds and and. Actually cause fractions of a cent uh actually cause fractions of a cent uh actually cause fractions of a cent uh. Mainly due to the reduction of of mainly due to the reduction of of mainly due to the reduction of of. Intermediation so today we are going to intermediation so today we are going to intermediation so today we are going to. Get into the details of on on a project get into the details of on on a project get into the details of on on a project. That we are doing in in colombia with that we are doing in in colombia with that we are doing in in colombia with. Two ecosystem partners of of the stellar two ecosystem partners of of the stellar. Two ecosystem partners of of the stellar development foundation uh and also we development foundation uh and also we. Development foundation uh and also we will have um will have um will have um diana from from the latin american. Diana from from the latin american diana from from the latin american development bank uh to speak a little. Development bank uh to speak a little development bank uh to speak a little bit about. Bit about bit about how to embed financial education into how to embed financial education into. How to embed financial education into the consumer experience the consumer experience. The consumer experience but before getting into but before getting into but before getting into. Uh the details and discussions with with uh the details and discussions with with. Uh the details and discussions with with the panelists the panelists the panelists. I just want to i just want to i just want to give you a brief overview and intro to. Give you a brief overview and intro to give you a brief overview and intro to the stellar network for those who are. The stellar network for those who are the stellar network for those who are not familiar with with it. Not familiar with with it not familiar with with it uh so stellar is an open blockchain with. Uh so stellar is an open blockchain with uh so stellar is an open blockchain with. Control capabilities for for issuers and control capabilities for for issuers and. Control capabilities for for issuers and what does this mean so actually is uh is. What does this mean so actually is uh is what does this mean so actually is uh is. A blockchain is a network that actually a blockchain is a network that actually a blockchain is a network that actually. Gives on the one hand controls to asset gives on the one hand controls to asset gives on the one hand controls to asset. Issuers that issuers that issuers that ensures ensures ensures safety and security of a permission or. Safety and security of a permission or safety and security of a permission or closed network but at the same time it. Closed network but at the same time it closed network but at the same time it leverage openness and interpretivity uh. Leverage openness and interpretivity uh leverage openness and interpretivity uh that foster competition innovation and. That foster competition innovation and that foster competition innovation and inclusion. Inclusion inclusion and uh the some examples of this just to and uh the some examples of this just to. And uh the some examples of this just to give you some some clear examples is is give you some some clear examples is is. Give you some some clear examples is is aml and cft features and and clovax so aml and cft features and and clovax so. Aml and cft features and and clovax so something that is called authorization something that is called authorization. Something that is called authorization require is is a flag that require is is a flag that. Require is is a flag that it could be it could be it could be when you when an asset is your. When you when an asset is your when you when an asset is your issues an asset it could uh he could. Issues an asset it could uh he could issues an asset it could uh he could make sure that that it has this aml and. Make sure that that it has this aml and make sure that that it has this aml and cfd feature that. Cfd feature that cfd feature that ensures that a financial entity when ensures that a financial entity when. Ensures that a financial entity when he's distributing an asset he's distributing an asset. He's distributing an asset identifies who is the holder of that identifies who is the holder of that. Identifies who is the holder of that asset asset asset and this would uh gives controls to. And this would uh gives controls to and this would uh gives controls to actually to the issuer that. Actually to the issuer that actually to the issuer that that aml and cft regulations are being. That aml and cft regulations are being that aml and cft regulations are being comply with uh so so we think that aml. Comply with uh so so we think that aml comply with uh so so we think that aml and cft is important but also clawbacks. And cft is important but also clawbacks and cft is important but also clawbacks are important. Are important are important so if an asset issuer such as a so if an asset issuer such as a. So if an asset issuer such as a regulated financial entity or a fintech regulated financial entity or a fintech. Regulated financial entity or a fintech or a digital wallet or even a central or a digital wallet or even a central. Or a digital wallet or even a central bank bank bank that issues a cbdc that issues a cbdc. That issues a cbdc actually include this this flag on on actually include this this flag on on. Actually include this this flag on on the asset uh gives the possibility of uh the asset uh gives the possibility of uh. The asset uh gives the possibility of uh to the issuer to recover the funds in to the issuer to recover the funds in. To the issuer to recover the funds in the event of a fraud for example uh but the event of a fraud for example uh but. The event of a fraud for example uh but this is not only relevant because of this is not only relevant because of. This is not only relevant because of in the case of fraudulent transactions in the case of fraudulent transactions. In the case of fraudulent transactions but also is relevant if for example but also is relevant if for example. But also is relevant if for example any a user any a user any a user loss lose the the private keys so we. Loss lose the the private keys so we loss lose the the private keys so we think that that clawbacks are really. Think that that clawbacks are really think that that clawbacks are really important. Important important and just to step back a little bit and and just to step back a little bit and. And just to step back a little bit and someday downstair uh it was established someday downstair uh it was established. Someday downstair uh it was established in in 2014 and so so actually it's one in in 2014 and so so actually it's one. In in 2014 and so so actually it's one of the blockchains uh that is of the blockchains uh that is. Of the blockchains uh that is most established and it's designed or it most established and it's designed or it. Most established and it's designed or it was designed for for payments like the was designed for for payments like the. Was designed for for payments like the main use case right now on on seller is main use case right now on on seller is. Main use case right now on on seller is crossword payments but also crossword payments but also. Crossword payments but also we are working in other use cases such we are working in other use cases such. We are working in other use cases such as cbdc's and uh using blockchain for as cbdc's and uh using blockchain for. As cbdc's and uh using blockchain for distributing humanitarian aid uh since distributing humanitarian aid uh since. Distributing humanitarian aid uh since it launched the network process more it launched the network process more. It launched the network process more than 2.6 billion transactions than 2.6 billion transactions. Than 2.6 billion transactions and currently is processing more than and currently is processing more than. And currently is processing more than six million transactions in a day-to-day six million transactions in a day-to-day. Six million transactions in a day-to-day basis basis basis uh the other piece that is important if. Uh the other piece that is important if uh the other piece that is important if you would like to promote the use of. You would like to promote the use of you would like to promote the use of blockchain technology that could uh as. Blockchain technology that could uh as blockchain technology that could uh as well promote financial inclusion we need. Well promote financial inclusion we need well promote financial inclusion we need. To make sure that the technology is to make sure that the technology is to make sure that the technology is. Sustainable so sustainable so sustainable so one of the things that one of the things that. One of the things that we would like to make sure is actually we would like to make sure is actually. We would like to make sure is actually that the technology yeah that the technology yeah. That the technology yeah it doesn't consume a lot of energy so we it doesn't consume a lot of energy so we. It doesn't consume a lot of energy so we are in in the next couple of weeks we are in in the next couple of weeks we. Are in in the next couple of weeks we are going to to publish some research on are going to to publish some research on. Are going to to publish some research on on the energy consumption on standard on the energy consumption on standard. On the energy consumption on standard and the data is is really promising so and the data is is really promising so. And the data is is really promising so that is something that we are we are that is something that we are we are. That is something that we are we are really happy really happy really happy of of. Of uh and uh and uh and it is supported by the sera development it is supported by the sera development. It is supported by the sera development foundation which mission is to promote foundation which mission is to promote. Foundation which mission is to promote the access and use of financial services the access and use of financial services. The access and use of financial services and actually the foundation is a and actually the foundation is a. And actually the foundation is a non-profit organization uh non-profit organization uh. Non-profit organization uh and uh is is uh it's not a charity and uh is is uh it's not a charity. And uh is is uh it's not a charity actually it pays actually it pays actually it pays. Taxes in the u.s specifically in taxes in the u.s specifically in taxes in the u.s specifically in. California and uh california and uh california and uh the whole goal of the of of the. The whole goal of the of of the the whole goal of the of of the foundation is to support the development. Foundation is to support the development foundation is to support the development. Of the network so with that i think that of the network so with that i think that. Of the network so with that i think that we can we can start but before starting we can we can start but before starting. We can we can start but before starting actually uh this panel is is in led up actually uh this panel is is in led up. Actually uh this panel is is in led up to the textured startup weekend to the textured startup weekend. To the textured startup weekend blockchain mexico city that is uh that blockchain mexico city that is uh that. Blockchain mexico city that is uh that is going to happen uh next weekend and is going to happen uh next weekend and. Is going to happen uh next weekend and actually this is an event that brings actually this is an event that brings. Actually this is an event that brings together the the community in latin together the the community in latin. Together the the community in latin america that is building uh solutions uh america that is building uh solutions uh. America that is building uh solutions uh in finance but but not only on stellar in finance but but not only on stellar. In finance but but not only on stellar in any blockchain so actually we are in any blockchain so actually we are. In any blockchain so actually we are inviting those developers and startups inviting those developers and startups. Inviting those developers and startups and fintechs and others that actually and fintechs and others that actually. And fintechs and others that actually are building products in latin america are building products in latin america. Are building products in latin america and if you have a good idea to solve uh and if you have a good idea to solve uh. And if you have a good idea to solve uh any problem uh for for the target any problem uh for for the target. Any problem uh for for the target audience that that we work in terms of audience that that we work in terms of. Audience that that we work in terms of payments uh you are more than invited to payments uh you are more than invited to. Payments uh you are more than invited to attend uh in person or even virtually attend uh in person or even virtually. Attend uh in person or even virtually the uh the hackathon so actually there the uh the hackathon so actually there. The uh the hackathon so actually there you have the link to to sign up so you have the link to to sign up so. You have the link to to sign up so feel free to uh to do it and if you have feel free to uh to do it and if you have. Feel free to uh to do it and if you have any questions you can you can ask me or any questions you can you can ask me or. Any questions you can you can ask me or anki after after anki after after anki after after. After this this panel after this this panel after this this panel so with that so with that. So with that i think that now we are ready to to i think that now we are ready to to. I think that now we are ready to to start the the discussion start the the discussion. Start the the discussion so uh first of all i would like to so uh first of all i would like to. So uh first of all i would like to uh i would ask uh uh i would ask uh uh i would ask uh. Ivan to uh to introduce himself himself ivan to uh to introduce himself himself ivan to uh to introduce himself himself. And and also provide a brief overview of and and also provide a brief overview of. And and also provide a brief overview of unclapped and what is what is doing in unclapped and what is what is doing in. Unclapped and what is what is doing in latin america and specifically in latin america and specifically in. Latin america and specifically in colombia colombia colombia hey gabriel how are you how are you all. Hey gabriel how are you how are you all hey gabriel how are you how are you all thank you for. Thank you for thank you for for joining us for joining us for joining us uh yeah i am working in in a club. Uh yeah i am working in in a club uh yeah i am working in in a club here in here in. Here in in latin america in latin america in latin america we are we are connecting all latin. We are we are connecting all latin we are we are connecting all latin american countries to the. American countries to the american countries to the the stellar uh network uh through. The stellar uh network uh through the stellar uh network uh through establishment we issue. Establishment we issue establishment we issue uh establishment for every currency. Uh establishment for every currency uh establishment for every currency every latin american currency uh so. Every latin american currency uh so every latin american currency uh so people could access to these. People could access to these people could access to these global payment networks not only people. Global payment networks not only people global payment networks not only people but also. But also but also any platform any business that any platform any business that any platform any business that. Needs or that needs or that needs or that finds an opportunity here to to transact. Finds an opportunity here to to transact finds an opportunity here to to transact. Worldwide uh i like the speed and worldwide uh i like the speed and worldwide uh i like the speed and. Almost free uh cool who could get that almost free uh cool who could get that almost free uh cool who could get that. Uh that that that tax is really really uh that that that tax is really really uh that that that tax is really really. Fast so we are we are working we started fast so we are we are working we started. Fast so we are we are working we started in argentina we we are in argentina we we are. In argentina we we are working in in colombia and also in peru working in in colombia and also in peru. Working in in colombia and also in peru and we are under our road map is to to and we are under our road map is to to. And we are under our road map is to to work on on other countries work on on other countries. Work on on other countries within this this latin america region so within this this latin america region so. Within this this latin america region so that is that is what is what we do uh we. That is that is what is what we do uh we that is that is what is what we do uh we. We are connecting we are connecting we are connecting every single latin american country to. Every single latin american country to every single latin american country to this. This this global payment network global payment network global payment network thank you very much for that uh iman we. Thank you very much for that uh iman we thank you very much for that uh iman we are going to get into the titles of what. Are going to get into the titles of what are going to get into the titles of what. Unclub is doing unclub is doing unclub is doing specifically in colombia but thank you. Specifically in colombia but thank you specifically in colombia but thank you very much for the intro. I mean do you want to introduce yourself i mean do you want to introduce yourself. And and provide a brief overview of and and provide a brief overview of and and provide a brief overview of. Inclusive and inclusive and inclusive and its products its products its products absolutely thank you very much for. Absolutely thank you very much for absolutely thank you very much for having us and it's great to be here with. Having us and it's great to be here with having us and it's great to be here with. Yvonne and the stellar team as well and yvonne and the stellar team as well and yvonne and the stellar team as well and. We're really excited about pursuing the we're really excited about pursuing the we're really excited about pursuing the. Partnership to connect latime countries partnership to connect latime countries partnership to connect latime countries. And the cross-border payments space and the cross-border payments space and the cross-border payments space. Weave inclusive you can see from our weave inclusive you can see from our weave inclusive you can see from our. Name we are all about financial name we are all about financial name we are all about financial. Inclusion and share that mission with inclusion and share that mission with inclusion and share that mission with. Don klopsteller and the ecosystem don klopsteller and the ecosystem don klopsteller and the ecosystem. We are a hybrid fintech and regtech we are a hybrid fintech and regtech we are a hybrid fintech and regtech. Platform where we provide a full stack platform where we provide a full stack platform where we provide a full stack. Financial crimes compliance or financial crimes compliance or financial crimes compliance or. Anti-money laundering platform that anti-money laundering platform that anti-money laundering platform that. Enables all of the essential know your enables all of the essential know your enables all of the essential know your. Customer know your business uh customer know your business uh customer know your business uh. Anti-money laundering anti-fraud anti-money laundering anti-fraud anti-money laundering anti-fraud. Controls transaction monitoring and the controls transaction monitoring and the controls transaction monitoring and the. Like in one workflow and it's built to like in one workflow and it's built to like in one workflow and it's built to. Enable both traditional financial enable both traditional financial enable both traditional financial. Services companies compliance needs as services companies compliance needs as services companies compliance needs as. Well as decentralized financial services well as decentralized financial services. Well as decentralized financial services including blockchain ecosystems like the. Including blockchain ecosystems like the including blockchain ecosystems like the. Stellar network so we enable a number of stellar network so we enable a number of. Stellar network so we enable a number of other anchors other anchors other anchors. Across the platform uh globally to across the platform uh globally to across the platform uh globally to. Ensure that there's a consistent ensure that there's a consistent ensure that there's a consistent. Approach for know your customer approach for know your customer approach for know your customer. Anti-money laundering with our global anti-money laundering with our global anti-money laundering with our global. Framework we you can think of us as a framework we you can think of us as a framework we you can think of us as a. Organ orchestration layer that brings organ orchestration layer that brings organ orchestration layer that brings. Under one roof under one roof under one roof is to do everything from identity is to do everything from identity. Is to do everything from identity verification and validation verification and validation. Verification and validation legal entity verification and validation legal entity verification and validation. Legal entity verification and validation across the globe as other anchors and across the globe as other anchors and. Across the globe as other anchors and nodes on the stellar blockchain nodes on the stellar blockchain. Nodes on the stellar blockchain originate their clients either retail originate their clients either retail. Originate their clients either retail individuals or business clients that individuals or business clients that. Individuals or business clients that need to have these essential kyc kyb need to have these essential kyc kyb. Need to have these essential kyc kyb elements in place and then the elements in place and then the. Elements in place and then the associated transaction monitoring and associated transaction monitoring and. Associated transaction monitoring and other pieces of the anti-money other pieces of the anti-money. Other pieces of the anti-money laundering stack laundering stack laundering stack. Importantly we are very excited about importantly we are very excited about importantly we are very excited about. Our partnership with stellar because our partnership with stellar because our partnership with stellar because. They recognize they recognize they recognize that there is a need for a consistency. That there is a need for a consistency that there is a need for a consistency of approach in the anti-money laundering. Of approach in the anti-money laundering of approach in the anti-money laundering. Framework as many jurisdictions have framework as many jurisdictions have framework as many jurisdictions have. Different rules governing we are built different rules governing we are built different rules governing we are built. To the global standards of the financial to the global standards of the financial. To the global standards of the financial action task force and many in our action task force and many in our. Action task force and many in our company are actually former global company are actually former global. Company are actually former global regulators whether they be with the us regulators whether they be with the us. Regulators whether they be with the us or others by my part for example i spent or others by my part for example i spent. Or others by my part for example i spent the early part of my career at the u.s the early part of my career at the u.s. The early part of my career at the u.s treasury department working with treasury department working with. Treasury department working with institutions like the fatf on anti-money institutions like the fatf on anti-money. Institutions like the fatf on anti-money laundering frameworks so the advent of laundering frameworks so the advent of. Laundering frameworks so the advent of the stellar ecosystem and blockchain the stellar ecosystem and blockchain. The stellar ecosystem and blockchain enabling tools that that facilitate a enabling tools that that facilitate a. Enabling tools that that facilitate a much faster efficient cross-border much faster efficient cross-border. Much faster efficient cross-border payments ecosystem is exciting in that payments ecosystem is exciting in that. Payments ecosystem is exciting in that regard but they all need compliance in regard but they all need compliance in. Regard but they all need compliance in that regard we therefore are also an that regard we therefore are also an. That regard we therefore are also an anchor on the stellar blockchain and and anchor on the stellar blockchain and and. Anchor on the stellar blockchain and and the fintech side is we provide the fintech side is we provide. The fintech side is we provide connectivity for those payments into the connectivity for those payments into the. Connectivity for those payments into the us uh traditional banking and payments us uh traditional banking and payments. Us uh traditional banking and payments ecosystem ach payments wire payments and ecosystem ach payments wire payments and. Ecosystem ach payments wire payments and the like so we can connect with yvonne's. The like so we can connect with yvonne's the like so we can connect with yvonne's. Team and the customers that they are team and the customers that they are team and the customers that they are. Working with to facilitate cross-border working with to facilitate cross-border working with to facilitate cross-border. Payments for household remittances small payments for household remittances small. Payments for household remittances small business payments and the like and business payments and the like and. Business payments and the like and enable on and off ramping for assets enable on and off ramping for assets. Enable on and off ramping for assets that are transacted on the stellar that are transacted on the stellar. That are transacted on the stellar blockchain for example like usdc that blockchain for example like usdc that. Blockchain for example like usdc that may come inbound to counterparts to be may come inbound to counterparts to be. May come inbound to counterparts to be paid in the u.s where we can then paid in the u.s where we can then. Paid in the u.s where we can then off-ramp to the u.s payment system and off-ramp to the u.s payment system and. Off-ramp to the u.s payment system and then push or pull funds then push or pull funds. Then push or pull funds using ach or wires and as well as using ach or wires and as well as. Using ach or wires and as well as outbound flows as well so we we perform outbound flows as well so we we perform. Outbound flows as well so we we perform two key functions we're a gateway uh two key functions we're a gateway uh. Two key functions we're a gateway uh between traditional financial and between traditional financial and. Between traditional financial and banking ecosystems in the united states banking ecosystems in the united states. Banking ecosystems in the united states to be able to hold funds in accounts to be able to hold funds in accounts. To be able to hold funds in accounts with our partner banks in the u.s access with our partner banks in the u.s access. With our partner banks in the u.s access those ach and wire rails and then be those ach and wire rails and then be. Those ach and wire rails and then be able to on and off ramp for payments able to on and off ramp for payments. Able to on and off ramp for payments using the global stellar blockchain using the global stellar blockchain. Using the global stellar blockchain ecosystem and working with partners like ecosystem and working with partners like. Ecosystem and working with partners like yvonne to really connect the latin yvonne to really connect the latin. Yvonne to really connect the latin american american american business and household community in. Business and household community in business and household community in their cross-border payments needs and by. Their cross-border payments needs and by their cross-border payments needs and by. Doing so we enable a very consistent doing so we enable a very consistent doing so we enable a very consistent. Approach by also providing approach by also providing approach by also providing some proprietary capabilities around. Some proprietary capabilities around some proprietary capabilities around compliance backed digital identity. Compliance backed digital identity compliance backed digital identity credentials for clients that come into. Credentials for clients that come into credentials for clients that come into the ecosystem that provides great. The ecosystem that provides great the ecosystem that provides great efficiencies when we do kyc support. Efficiencies when we do kyc support efficiencies when we do kyc support because of these often are very. Because of these often are very because of these often are very redundant so we can issue and validate. Redundant so we can issue and validate redundant so we can issue and validate uh compliance-backed verifiable digital. Uh compliance-backed verifiable digital uh compliance-backed verifiable digital credentials for clients within that. Credentials for clients within that credentials for clients within that ecosystem so as different nodes. Ecosystem so as different nodes ecosystem so as different nodes originate their clients they can have. Originate their clients they can have originate their clients they can have one kyc gateway and be able to have a. One kyc gateway and be able to have a one kyc gateway and be able to have a utility in the ecosystem while. Utility in the ecosystem while utility in the ecosystem while importantly also protecting their. Importantly also protecting their importantly also protecting their privacy and so the combination of these. Privacy and so the combination of these privacy and so the combination of these compliance tools with the the blockchain. Compliance tools with the the blockchain compliance tools with the the blockchain. Elements that associate payments flows elements that associate payments flows elements that associate payments flows. Between digital assets and fiat assets between digital assets and fiat assets between digital assets and fiat assets. With this on and off ramp capability is with this on and off ramp capability is with this on and off ramp capability is. Where we sit and we're excited about uh where we sit and we're excited about uh where we sit and we're excited about uh. Participating in growing the ecosystem participating in growing the ecosystem participating in growing the ecosystem. And really driving cross-border payments and really driving cross-border payments. And really driving cross-border payments in a much more efficient but also secure. In a much more efficient but also secure in a much more efficient but also secure. And compliant way you very much for that uh amir and you very much for that uh amir and. Inclusivis is a really good example on inclusivis is a really good example on inclusivis is a really good example on. On how um financial entities are on how um financial entities are on how um financial entities are. Connected to stellar i actually connected to stellar i actually connected to stellar i actually. Care a lot about aml cfd and compliance care a lot about aml cfd and compliance care a lot about aml cfd and compliance. So i'm really happy to to to to hear uh so i'm really happy to to to to hear uh so i'm really happy to to to to hear uh. All of all that i mean all of all that i mean all of all that i mean is going to to tell us today. Is going to to tell us today is going to to tell us today so moving forward diana do you want to introduce yourself. Diana do you want to introduce yourself and uh provide a beef overview of like and uh provide a beef overview of like. And uh provide a beef overview of like half i think that most of the audience half i think that most of the audience. Half i think that most of the audience uh would know the the cafe but it would uh would know the the cafe but it would. Uh would know the the cafe but it would be great to hear that from you be great to hear that from you. Be great to hear that from you yeah thank you uh gabriella thank you yeah thank you uh gabriella thank you. Yeah thank you uh gabriella thank you for for the invitation to participate in for for the invitation to participate in. For for the invitation to participate in the webinar um caf is a development back. The webinar um caf is a development back the webinar um caf is a development back. Uh the development bank of latin america uh the development bank of latin america. Uh the development bank of latin america and uh we we are committed to improving and uh we we are committed to improving. And uh we we are committed to improving the quality of life of all latin the quality of life of all latin. The quality of life of all latin america's latin americans and caribbeans america's latin americans and caribbeans. America's latin americans and caribbeans and our cap actions promote sustainable and our cap actions promote sustainable. And our cap actions promote sustainable development and the integration of the development and the integration of the. Development and the integration of the region and we support uh we provide uh region and we support uh we provide uh. Region and we support uh we provide uh financial support and consulting financial support and consulting. Financial support and consulting services to both uh the public and services to both uh the public and. Services to both uh the public and private sectors in our shell shareholder private sectors in our shell shareholder. Private sectors in our shell shareholder countries uh which are uh 20 countries countries uh which are uh 20 countries. Countries uh which are uh 20 countries uh 18 countries in latin america and the uh 18 countries in latin america and the. Uh 18 countries in latin america and the caribbean caribbean caribbean plus spain and portugal. Plus spain and portugal plus spain and portugal in addition we generate a knowledge to. In addition we generate a knowledge to in addition we generate a knowledge to strengthen our public policies in latin. Strengthen our public policies in latin strengthen our public policies in latin america and the caribbean. America and the caribbean america and the caribbean in order to improve the quality and. In order to improve the quality and in order to improve the quality and impact of the projects that we promote. Impact of the projects that we promote impact of the projects that we promote um i i actually uh work as the. Um i i actually uh work as the um i i actually uh work as the coordinator of the uh financial. Coordinator of the uh financial coordinator of the uh financial inclusion program which is a program uh. Inclusion program which is a program uh inclusion program which is a program uh within uh the uh private sector efforts. Within uh the uh private sector efforts within uh the uh private sector efforts that uh cafe is is working uh with uh. That uh cafe is is working uh with uh that uh cafe is is working uh with uh all the countries uh in latin america. All the countries uh in latin america all the countries uh in latin america and the caribbean. Thank you very much for that brief thank you very much for that brief overview uh diana and it's it's a. Overview uh diana and it's it's a overview uh diana and it's it's a pleasure having you here as well and i'm. Pleasure having you here as well and i'm pleasure having you here as well and i'm. Making sure that you are involved in the making sure that you are involved in the. Making sure that you are involved in the project from a financial inclusion and project from a financial inclusion and. Project from a financial inclusion and also from a financial education also from a financial education. Also from a financial education standpoint that is that is something standpoint that is that is something. Standpoint that is that is something that uh that that is that is really that uh that that is that is really. That uh that that is that is really important for us so important for us so important for us so. Um um um after this quick introductions i think after this quick introductions i think. After this quick introductions i think that we can start with with the panel that we can start with with the panel. That we can start with with the panel and we can get into the details on on and we can get into the details on on. And we can get into the details on on the project that we are doing the project that we are doing. The project that we are doing in colombia and just to give you a brief in colombia and just to give you a brief. In colombia and just to give you a brief overview of that overview of that overview of that. Uh what we are uh doing with with unclap uh what we are uh doing with with unclap. Uh what we are uh doing with with unclap and amp inclusive is try to and amp inclusive is try to. And amp inclusive is try to under pile up project try to gather data under pile up project try to gather data. Under pile up project try to gather data on how much is the cost of sending uh on how much is the cost of sending uh. On how much is the cost of sending uh funds across water using uh the stellar funds across water using uh the stellar. Funds across water using uh the stellar blockchain um and blockchain um and blockchain um and. Uh uh uh we we are really happy to see the we we are really happy to see the we we are really happy to see the. Results after that in in terms of of the results after that in in terms of of the. Results after that in in terms of of the pricing and and the potential savings pricing and and the potential savings. Pricing and and the potential savings that actually someone sending money from that actually someone sending money from. That actually someone sending money from from the us and someone receiving money from the us and someone receiving money. From the us and someone receiving money from colombia uh can uh can can make uh from colombia uh can uh can can make uh. From colombia uh can uh can can make uh use in uh using blockchain so um use in uh using blockchain so um. Use in uh using blockchain so um actually with this background i have the actually with this background i have the. Actually with this background i have the first question for for you first question for for you. First question for for you uh amid is actually uh amid is actually uh amid is actually. What do you think that are the benefits what do you think that are the benefits what do you think that are the benefits. And opportunities of using blockchain and opportunities of using blockchain and opportunities of using blockchain. And stablecoins for cross-border and stablecoins for cross-border and stablecoins for cross-border. Payments for someone who is living in payments for someone who is living in payments for someone who is living in. The u.s and the u.s and the u.s and and is willing to send money to latin and is willing to send money to latin. And is willing to send money to latin america for example to to colombia america for example to to colombia. America for example to to colombia thank you very much for the question um thank you very much for the question um. Thank you very much for the question um the core really comes down to three the core really comes down to three. The core really comes down to three benefits um benefits um benefits um cost efficiency. Cost efficiency cost efficiency as well as security right um the ability as well as security right um the ability. As well as security right um the ability to leverage uh stable coins like usdc to leverage uh stable coins like usdc. To leverage uh stable coins like usdc over the stellar blockchain enable near over the stellar blockchain enable near. Over the stellar blockchain enable near real-time payments between anchors on real-time payments between anchors on. Real-time payments between anchors on the blockchain on the ecosystem and the blockchain on the ecosystem and. The blockchain on the ecosystem and those anchors connect directly to their those anchors connect directly to their. Those anchors connect directly to their clients and those clients can be clients and those clients can be. Clients and those clients can be individuals that hold wallets they're individuals that hold wallets they're. Individuals that hold wallets they're operating with a native application to a operating with a native application to a. Operating with a native application to a fintech provider in that home country fintech provider in that home country. Fintech provider in that home country life inclusive uh is doing for life inclusive uh is doing for. Life inclusive uh is doing for businesses and others in the us and businesses and others in the us and. Businesses and others in the us and onclop is doing across latam um the onclop is doing across latam um the. Onclop is doing across latam um the ability to on-ramp to usdc from local uh ability to on-ramp to usdc from local uh. Ability to on-ramp to usdc from local uh fiat currencies or quite frankly any fiat currencies or quite frankly any. Fiat currencies or quite frankly any other asset that's issued and transacted other asset that's issued and transacted. Other asset that's issued and transacted um um um whether they be stable coins or all. Whether they be stable coins or all whether they be stable coins or all coins on stellar provides a tremendous. Coins on stellar provides a tremendous coins on stellar provides a tremendous amount of efficiency so you can go from. Amount of efficiency so you can go from amount of efficiency so you can go from fiat to stable coin back to fiat in many. Fiat to stable coin back to fiat in many fiat to stable coin back to fiat in many. Ways much faster than you can send an ways much faster than you can send an ways much faster than you can send an. International wire payment between two international wire payment between two international wire payment between two. Intermediaries that are then intermediaries that are then intermediaries that are then. Representing multiple banks or others representing multiple banks or others representing multiple banks or others. Between the ultimate client sender and between the ultimate client sender and between the ultimate client sender and. Ultimate beneficiary recipient and so ultimate beneficiary recipient and so ultimate beneficiary recipient and so. You get both the the the speed and you get both the the the speed and you get both the the the speed and. Efficiency associated with that the cost efficiency associated with that the cost. Efficiency associated with that the cost efficiencies that are therefore enabled efficiencies that are therefore enabled. Efficiencies that are therefore enabled can streamline this because when you go can streamline this because when you go. Can streamline this because when you go through multiple intermediaries multiple through multiple intermediaries multiple. Through multiple intermediaries multiple correspondent banks with three five correspondent banks with three five. Correspondent banks with three five seven plus day settlement times you not seven plus day settlement times you not. Seven plus day settlement times you not only lose time to get that uh what what only lose time to get that uh what what. Only lose time to get that uh what what may be a small dollar payment for a may be a small dollar payment for a. May be a small dollar payment for a household or even a large transaction household or even a large transaction. Household or even a large transaction value payment for a non-profit that is value payment for a non-profit that is. Value payment for a non-profit that is trying to provide trying to provide trying to provide. Organizations in need for humanitarian organizations in need for humanitarian organizations in need for humanitarian. Relief or corporates and legal entities relief or corporates and legal entities relief or corporates and legal entities. Trying to make payroll payments supply trying to make payroll payments supply trying to make payroll payments supply. Chain payments vendor payments and chain payments vendor payments and chain payments vendor payments and. Others you get a speed and efficiency as others you get a speed and efficiency as. Others you get a speed and efficiency as well as a cost advantage well as a cost advantage. Well as a cost advantage lastly and importantly the blockchain's lastly and importantly the blockchain's. Lastly and importantly the blockchain's underlying attributes give us certain underlying attributes give us certain. Underlying attributes give us certain capabilities from a security and capabilities from a security and. Capabilities from a security and compliance perspective the commitment to compliance perspective the commitment to. Compliance perspective the commitment to risk and compliance within the context risk and compliance within the context. Risk and compliance within the context of the stellar ecosystem uh helps of the stellar ecosystem uh helps. Of the stellar ecosystem uh helps benefit that while because we provide benefit that while because we provide. Benefit that while because we provide essential kyc kyb elements know your essential kyc kyb elements know your. Essential kyc kyb elements know your customer know your business elements and customer know your business elements and. Customer know your business elements and therefore issue unique digital therefore issue unique digital. Therefore issue unique digital credentials what that enables is that in credentials what that enables is that in. Credentials what that enables is that in individual uh context in those countries. Individual uh context in those countries individual uh context in those countries. When they onboard a client an individual when they onboard a client an individual. When they onboard a client an individual and they go through the identity and they go through the identity. And they go through the identity verification document non-documentary verification document non-documentary. Verification document non-documentary background sanction screening processes background sanction screening processes. Background sanction screening processes many of these are very piecemeal and we many of these are very piecemeal and we. Many of these are very piecemeal and we can consolidate them through the can consolidate them through the. Can consolidate them through the inclusive ecosystem they it we can issue inclusive ecosystem they it we can issue. Inclusive ecosystem they it we can issue these credentials and now any node that these credentials and now any node that. These credentials and now any node that is therefore needing to validate an is therefore needing to validate an. Is therefore needing to validate an individual or a business that's been individual or a business that's been. Individual or a business that's been onboarded and run through that kyc kyb onboarded and run through that kyc kyb. Onboarded and run through that kyc kyb process can do so near instantaneously process can do so near instantaneously. Process can do so near instantaneously and that is a significant hurdle both and that is a significant hurdle both. And that is a significant hurdle both from an efficiency and cost perspective from an efficiency and cost perspective. From an efficiency and cost perspective because anti-money laundering elements because anti-money laundering elements. Because anti-money laundering elements tend to be expensive and tend to be very tend to be expensive and tend to be very. Tend to be expensive and tend to be very redundant so this provides a redundant so this provides a. Redundant so this provides a an an an answer to the redundant applications of answer to the redundant applications of. Answer to the redundant applications of aml and kyc while also creating security aml and kyc while also creating security. Aml and kyc while also creating security by enabling these verifiable credentials. By enabling these verifiable credentials by enabling these verifiable credentials. That protect underlying privacy that protect underlying privacy that protect underlying privacy. Information whereas in the traditional information whereas in the traditional information whereas in the traditional. Financial services context when a sender financial services context when a sender. Financial services context when a sender sends money through multiple sends money through multiple. Sends money through multiple intermediaries to a recipient in a intermediaries to a recipient in a. Intermediaries to a recipient in a foreign country you have to disclose foreign country you have to disclose. Foreign country you have to disclose underlying account and personal underlying account and personal. Underlying account and personal information through that payment chain information through that payment chain. Information through that payment chain and one is able to do so now con and one is able to do so now con. And one is able to do so now con um in in adherence to those compliance um in in adherence to those compliance. Um in in adherence to those compliance rules without having to attach the the rules without having to attach the the. Rules without having to attach the the very underlying privacy information and very underlying privacy information and. Very underlying privacy information and because the ledger because the ledger because the ledger. Is immutable you can search both is immutable you can search both is immutable you can search both. Transactions uh from an anti-fraud transactions uh from an anti-fraud transactions uh from an anti-fraud. Anti-money laundering perspective as anti-money laundering perspective as anti-money laundering perspective as. Well as ensure that there's no illicit well as ensure that there's no illicit well as ensure that there's no illicit. Activity that's happening in the system activity that's happening in the system activity that's happening in the system. So the immutability of the ledger the so the immutability of the ledger the so the immutability of the ledger the. Transparency that it provides while also transparency that it provides while also. Transparency that it provides while also cr creating a privacy protection layer cr creating a privacy protection layer. Cr creating a privacy protection layer is inherently part and parcel of is inherently part and parcel of. Is inherently part and parcel of blockchain technology when combined in blockchain technology when combined in. Blockchain technology when combined in this ecosystem like through the stellar this ecosystem like through the stellar. This ecosystem like through the stellar development foundation support of the development foundation support of the. Development foundation support of the stellar network and companies like uh stellar network and companies like uh. Stellar network and companies like uh like on klopp and inclusive now you get like on klopp and inclusive now you get. Like on klopp and inclusive now you get connectivity uh between asset issuance connectivity uh between asset issuance. Connectivity uh between asset issuance payments and the interconnectivity payments and the interconnectivity. Payments and the interconnectivity between stable coins and fiat currencies between stable coins and fiat currencies. Between stable coins and fiat currencies in multiple markets with the kyc in multiple markets with the kyc. In multiple markets with the kyc anti-money laundering layer so net anti-money laundering layer so net. Anti-money laundering layer so net result is you get security speed and result is you get security speed and. Result is you get security speed and efficiency efficiency efficiency that's great um from a colombian. That's great um from a colombian that's great um from a colombian perspective so actually someone who is. Perspective so actually someone who is perspective so actually someone who is receiving. Receiving receiving funds from the u.s to colombia funds from the u.s to colombia. Funds from the u.s to colombia ivan what do you think that are the main ivan what do you think that are the main. Ivan what do you think that are the main benefits of using uh benefits of using uh. Benefits of using uh blockchain and also stable coins for blockchain and also stable coins for. Blockchain and also stable coins for cross-border payments cross-border payments cross-border payments. Ah the the benefits amit has has ah the the benefits amit has has ah the the benefits amit has has. Saw a lot of the benefits and i saw a lot of the benefits and i saw a lot of the benefits and i. Deeply agree on what he said deeply agree on what he said deeply agree on what he said. But but but i see here i see that this technology i see here i see that this technology. I see here i see that this technology the honor from services that we provide the honor from services that we provide. The honor from services that we provide the whole ecosystem and the protection the whole ecosystem and the protection. The whole ecosystem and the protection that tools that uh that tools that uh that tools that uh. Inclusive is bringing to the to the to inclusive is bringing to the to the to inclusive is bringing to the to the to. The network uh allows not only to the network uh allows not only to the network uh allows not only to. Receive uh receive uh receive uh to receive money for uh remittance but to receive money for uh remittance but. To receive money for uh remittance but also to small business to also to small business to. Also to small business to transact transact transact worldwide i mean uh worldwide i mean uh. Worldwide i mean uh this is this is technology that not only this is this is technology that not only. This is this is technology that not only allow us to allow us to allow us to help those people that couldn't. Help those people that couldn't help those people that couldn't or or or doesn't have access to. Doesn't have access to doesn't have access to to financial services or are paid to financial services or are paid. To financial services or are paid too much for for getting money from too much for for getting money from. Too much for for getting money from abroad uh but also to small businesses abroad uh but also to small businesses. Abroad uh but also to small businesses to start uh offering their products and to start uh offering their products and. To start uh offering their products and service uh to to other countries uh service uh to to other countries uh. Service uh to to other countries uh in in colombia the the uh on like in in colombia the the uh on like. In in colombia the the uh on like others com other countries of the region others com other countries of the region. Others com other countries of the region of the latin region argentina and others. Of the latin region argentina and others of the latin region argentina and others. Uh the necessity uh the necessity uh the necessity is clear uh is clear uh is clear uh. Because of because of because of the lack of the lack of the lack of formal jobs there are a huge. Formal jobs there are a huge formal jobs there are a huge cash network that cash network that. Cash network that probably and that's probably and that's probably and that's also. Also also something that we should work on uh something that we should work on uh. Something that we should work on uh it's it's it's it's it's something that it's it's something that. It's it's something that hurts the the people economy hurts the the people economy. Hurts the the people economy maybe maybe maybe if you are not if you don't have the. If you are not if you don't have the if you are not if you don't have the enough financial education and that is. Enough financial education and that is enough financial education and that is where we want to. Where we want to where we want to to to work here uh to to work here uh to to work here uh. Maybe you don't realize maybe you don't realize maybe you don't realize how much how are you. How much how are you how much how are you are you losing using uh are you losing using uh. Are you losing using uh traditional rights or maybe you are traditional rights or maybe you are. Traditional rights or maybe you are used to used to used to use that rights but using this. Use that rights but using this use that rights but using this technology using this uh this network uh. Technology using this uh this network uh technology using this uh this network uh. It could benefit people not only to it could benefit people not only to it could benefit people not only to. Get uh get money from a relative in get uh get money from a relative in get uh get money from a relative in. The u.s uh faster and cheaper the u.s uh faster and cheaper the u.s uh faster and cheaper. But also to but also to but also to to start uh working on their to start uh working on their. To start uh working on their personal economy i mean how to use money personal economy i mean how to use money. Personal economy i mean how to use money how to save how how to save how how to save how. To how to uh how how you could offer to how to uh how how you could offer to how to uh how how you could offer. Your personal services like i don't know your personal services like i don't know. Your personal services like i don't know you could you could go through um you could you could go through um. You could you could go through um i don't know a ternary or to a i don't know a ternary or to a. I don't know a ternary or to a live streamer a gamer live streamer a gamer live streamer a gamer. And this phrase this blockchain race and this phrase this blockchain race and this phrase this blockchain race. Allow people to allow people to allow people to start transacting worldwide but using. Start transacting worldwide but using start transacting worldwide but using our domestic currency uh. Our domestic currency uh our domestic currency uh or or the currency you want or or the currency you want. Or or the currency you want but at the end of the day if you but at the end of the day if you. But at the end of the day if you when you need to when you need to when you need to. Consume and use local financial services consume and use local financial services. Consume and use local financial services for local payments or or whatever you for local payments or or whatever you. For local payments or or whatever you need uh there is there is a way to need uh there is there is a way to. Need uh there is there is a way to to interact with between the the digital to interact with between the the digital. To interact with between the the digital network and the network and the network and the. The local financial system uh and that the local financial system uh and that the local financial system uh and that. That is what we do we that is what we do we that is what we do we will represent will represent. Will represent the local the local the local currency and allow people to move from. Currency and allow people to move from currency and allow people to move from one world to the other world. One world to the other world one world to the other world easily easily easily so. So so i think i'm i'm pretty sure that i think i'm i'm pretty sure that i think i'm i'm pretty sure that. Uh there is a uh there is a uh there is a this is a next this is a next this is a next. Uh next job charter uh next job charter uh next job charter in our in our in our in our region uh when when talking about. In our region uh when when talking about in our region uh when when talking about. Financial services and on financial financial services and on financial financial services and on financial. Opportunities for people but opportunities for people but opportunities for people but. I i also i i also i i also like i look i also want to highlight the like i look i also want to highlight the. Like i look i also want to highlight the the benefits the benefits the benefits that small businesses. That small businesses that small businesses or or freelancers or or or freelancers or. Or or freelancers or self-employed people self-employed people self-employed people. Could be benefit could be benefit could be benefit of this entire network not only people. Of this entire network not only people of this entire network not only people who are receiving money from abroad. Who are receiving money from abroad who are receiving money from abroad but also to. But also to but also to to develop your economy as a and to develop your economy as a and. To develop your economy as a and integrate integrate integrate yourself and provide your services. Yourself and provide your services yourself and provide your services worldwide and i think that is huge. Worldwide and i think that is huge worldwide and i think that is huge probably and i'm sure we have to. Probably and i'm sure we have to probably and i'm sure we have to we we have to uh. We we have to uh we we have to uh work really hard on financial education work really hard on financial education. Work really hard on financial education that is a must to have here uh that is a must to have here uh. That is a must to have here uh but this technology and this ecosystem but this technology and this ecosystem. But this technology and this ecosystem uh uh uh have a lot to to to have a lot to to to. Have a lot to to to to do with people and as soon as the to do with people and as soon as the. To do with people and as soon as the people start people start people start seeing and feeling the benefits of all. Seeing and feeling the benefits of all seeing and feeling the benefits of all this network. This network this network sooner or later they will become more sooner or later they will become more. Sooner or later they will become more familiar with it and familiar with it and familiar with it and. Of course that that is a process and we of course that that is a process and we of course that that is a process and we. Start trying to start trying to start trying to demonstrate that using this this demonstrate that using this this. Demonstrate that using this this blockchain rails for for transacting and blockchain rails for for transacting and. Blockchain rails for for transacting and for for for using your money on using your money on. Using your money on and accessing financial services uh it's and accessing financial services uh it's. And accessing financial services uh it's the first step the first step the first step. For a huge other opportunities in a for a huge other opportunities in a for a huge other opportunities in a. Next few years this is really interesting thank you this is really interesting thank you. Very much for that ivana and i think very much for that ivana and i think very much for that ivana and i think. That you touch upon uh different uh that you touch upon uh different uh that you touch upon uh different uh. Issues that i would like to ask to to issues that i would like to ask to to issues that i would like to ask to to. The anna in terms of personal finance the anna in terms of personal finance the anna in terms of personal finance. And financial education so we we have and financial education so we we have and financial education so we we have. Spoken a lot about benefits and spoken a lot about benefits and spoken a lot about benefits and. Opportunities opportunities opportunities uh but in this context we're actually in. Uh but in this context we're actually in uh but in this context we're actually in. Order to order to order to send money for example from the u.s to send money for example from the u.s to. Send money for example from the u.s to colombia you need maybe a smartphone you colombia you need maybe a smartphone you. Colombia you need maybe a smartphone you need connectivity uh need connectivity uh. Need connectivity uh how how do you think that financial how how do you think that financial. How how do you think that financial education and financial literacy and education and financial literacy and. Education and financial literacy and also digital literacy is relevant for also digital literacy is relevant for. Also digital literacy is relevant for for someone who is receiving money in in for someone who is receiving money in in. For someone who is receiving money in in colombia and and how would you approach colombia and and how would you approach. Colombia and and how would you approach actually actually actually financial education in this context. Financial education in this context financial education in this context yes uh thank you gabriel um i think that. Yes uh thank you gabriel um i think that yes uh thank you gabriel um i think that. Uh we need to think to think uh first um uh we need to think to think uh first um. Uh we need to think to think uh first um uh what is financial education uh uh what is financial education uh. Uh what is financial education uh because um i mean because um i mean because um i mean. Just uh traditionally uh financial just uh traditionally uh financial just uh traditionally uh financial. Education programs education programs education programs have been built on the assumption that. Have been built on the assumption that have been built on the assumption that uh transferring uh information to. Uh transferring uh information to uh transferring uh information to financial consumers about how to use. Financial consumers about how to use financial consumers about how to use financial products would lead to better. Financial products would lead to better financial products would lead to better choices. Choices choices and improved uh financial health however and improved uh financial health however. And improved uh financial health however uh evidence from numerous uh impact uh evidence from numerous uh impact. Uh evidence from numerous uh impact evaluations evaluations evaluations uh over the past decade suggests that. Uh over the past decade suggests that uh over the past decade suggests that this assumption is flawed um and there. This assumption is flawed um and there this assumption is flawed um and there is a growing body of evidence showing. Is a growing body of evidence showing is a growing body of evidence showing that interventions designed using. That interventions designed using that interventions designed using principles from with behavioral. Principles from with behavioral principles from with behavioral economics are more likely to improve. Economics are more likely to improve economics are more likely to improve people's uh money management behavior. People's uh money management behavior people's uh money management behavior than other interventions so. Than other interventions so than other interventions so financial inclusion uh we we we at cap. Financial inclusion uh we we we at cap financial inclusion uh we we we at cap are working on programs uh on uh the. Are working on programs uh on uh the are working on programs uh on uh the improvement on financial inclusion and. Improvement on financial inclusion and improvement on financial inclusion and we see that. We see that we see that this requires financially capable this requires financially capable. This requires financially capable customers who actively use products for customers who actively use products for. Customers who actively use products for their benefits their benefits their benefits. And um the ultimate goal of financial and um the ultimate goal of financial and um the ultimate goal of financial. Education programs is to help develop education programs is to help develop education programs is to help develop. Financially capable customers financially capable customers financially capable customers. Those with the with the attitudes the those with the with the attitudes the those with the with the attitudes the. Knowledge the skills and behaviors to knowledge the skills and behaviors to knowledge the skills and behaviors to. Make financial decisions to improve make financial decisions to improve make financial decisions to improve. Their lives their lives their lives and there is also evidence that shows and there is also evidence that shows. And there is also evidence that shows that higher levels of financial that higher levels of financial. That higher levels of financial capabilities are related to greater capabilities are related to greater. Capabilities are related to greater levels of financial well-being or levels of financial well-being or. Levels of financial well-being or financial financial financial health health health. Through financial attitudes skills and through financial attitudes skills and through financial attitudes skills and. Behavior such as a savings behavior behavior such as a savings behavior behavior such as a savings behavior. Previous own experience with the previous own experience with the previous own experience with the. Financial sector uh comparison among financial sector uh comparison among financial sector uh comparison among. Different financial institutions before different financial institutions before different financial institutions before. Acquiring a new financial product acquiring a new financial product acquiring a new financial product. Personal participation or involvement in personal participation or involvement in. Personal participation or involvement in the in the in the financial decisions of. The in the in the financial decisions of the in the in the financial decisions of. The household among others so we see the household among others so we see the household among others so we see. That uh for example this project uh that uh for example this project uh that uh for example this project uh. Could benefit a lot could benefit a lot could benefit a lot um um um from uh from uh. From uh incorporating incorporating incorporating financial education from this uh. Financial education from this uh financial education from this uh behavior perspective i mean uh taking. Behavior perspective i mean uh taking behavior perspective i mean uh taking into account uh the needs of the the. Into account uh the needs of the the into account uh the needs of the the customer needs and their behavior and. Customer needs and their behavior and customer needs and their behavior and incorporating uh these kind of notches. Incorporating uh these kind of notches incorporating uh these kind of notches that will will help uh the the customer. That will will help uh the the customer that will will help uh the the customer or the remittance receiver uh to improve. Or the remittance receiver uh to improve or the remittance receiver uh to improve. Their uh savings behavior for example uh their uh savings behavior for example uh. Their uh savings behavior for example uh so we we see this as a as a so we we see this as a as a. So we we see this as a as a very important opportunity uh to very important opportunity uh to. Very important opportunity uh to incorporate uh these uh financial uh incorporate uh these uh financial uh. Incorporate uh these uh financial uh education uh evidence into into into education uh evidence into into into. Education uh evidence into into into into this this product in in colombia yeah i totally agree with that i mean. Yeah i totally agree with that i mean if actually you if actually you if actually you. You need to make sure that you need to make sure that you need to make sure that when you approach financial education. When you approach financial education when you approach financial education you can you you can help. You can you you can help you can you you can help individuals and and adults to individuals and and adults to. Individuals and and adults to uh to improve their financial uh to improve their financial. Uh to improve their financial capabilities and and therefore their capabilities and and therefore their. Capabilities and and therefore their financial health by by changing behavior financial health by by changing behavior. Financial health by by changing behavior so so so i think that uh this is this is the the. I think that uh this is this is the the i think that uh this is this is the the approach that evidence uh tell us and. Approach that evidence uh tell us and approach that evidence uh tell us and i'm happy to uh to hear that the latin. I'm happy to uh to hear that the latin i'm happy to uh to hear that the latin american development bank is working on. American development bank is working on american development bank is working on that as well and and can also contribute. That as well and and can also contribute that as well and and can also contribute. To to do this to this project so to to do this to this project so to to do this to this project so. Uh moving forward in terms of uh moving forward in terms of uh moving forward in terms of. Uh uh uh not only what is going on in colombia not only what is going on in colombia. Not only what is going on in colombia but but also uh what is going on in in but but also uh what is going on in in. But but also uh what is going on in in the region i would like to the region i would like to. The region i would like to to bail on on the answer on on that amit to bail on on the answer on on that amit. To bail on on the answer on on that amit uh uh uh previously previously previously. Made in terms of made in terms of made in terms of of uh the offering of other products in. Of uh the offering of other products in of uh the offering of other products in in latin america so um the question that. In latin america so um the question that in latin america so um the question that. I have for you i mean is whether of i have for you i mean is whether of i have for you i mean is whether of. Inclusive right now is is planning to inclusive right now is is planning to inclusive right now is is planning to. Expand the offering of of financial expand the offering of of financial expand the offering of of financial. Services in latin america in addition to services in latin america in addition to. Services in latin america in addition to uh to this pilot that that is working uh to this pilot that that is working. Uh to this pilot that that is working with with angle app with with angle app with with angle app. So if if you want to elaborate on that so if if you want to elaborate on that so if if you want to elaborate on that. Uh that would be great uh that would be great uh that would be great sure thank you very much um yes the. Sure thank you very much um yes the sure thank you very much um yes the short answer to that is yes and and in a. Short answer to that is yes and and in a short answer to that is yes and and in a. Couple different and distinct ways couple different and distinct ways couple different and distinct ways. One is we want to make sure that first one is we want to make sure that first one is we want to make sure that first. And foremost that we can provide uh the and foremost that we can provide uh the and foremost that we can provide uh the. Essential essential essential financial crimes compliance aml toolkit financial crimes compliance aml toolkit. Financial crimes compliance aml toolkit so that any organization that's building so that any organization that's building. So that any organization that's building within the context of the stellar within the context of the stellar. Within the context of the stellar ecosystem has a ecosystem has a ecosystem has a. You know truly a plug-and-play solution you know truly a plug-and-play solution you know truly a plug-and-play solution. For their aml and kyc and kyb needs and for their aml and kyc and kyb needs and for their aml and kyc and kyb needs and. That there's ecosystem efficiencies that there's ecosystem efficiencies that there's ecosystem efficiencies. Built in with some of the capabilities built in with some of the capabilities built in with some of the capabilities. That we provide in particular with the that we provide in particular with the that we provide in particular with the. Digital digitally verifiable uh digital digitally verifiable uh digital digitally verifiable uh. Credentials credentials credentials that that that equally applied to individuals and small. Equally applied to individuals and small equally applied to individuals and small. Businesses like yvonne said businesses like yvonne said businesses like yvonne said. In particular it's not just households in particular it's not just households in particular it's not just households. And individuals that are trying to get and individuals that are trying to get and individuals that are trying to get. Access to uh to financial services but access to uh to financial services but access to uh to financial services but. Also small businesses that really also small businesses that really also small businesses that really. Is the engine of global job growth is the engine of global job growth is the engine of global job growth. Certainly the case in the us certainly certainly the case in the us certainly certainly the case in the us certainly. The case in latam and if we can create the case in latam and if we can create the case in latam and if we can create. More enablements for them in two or more enablements for them in two or more enablements for them in two or. Three distinct ways one three distinct ways one three distinct ways one especially in markets that have a number. Especially in markets that have a number especially in markets that have a number. Of different macro economic humanitarian of different macro economic humanitarian. Of different macro economic humanitarian or other uh considerations uh to review or other uh considerations uh to review. Or other uh considerations uh to review one is whether they be capital controls one is whether they be capital controls. One is whether they be capital controls high inflation rates and the like high inflation rates and the like. High inflation rates and the like individuals at the household level and individuals at the household level and. Individuals at the household level and organizations want to know that when organizations want to know that when. Organizations want to know that when they hold value that that value is they hold value that that value is. They hold value that that value is secure and so to the extent that we can secure and so to the extent that we can. Secure and so to the extent that we can provide connectivity for provide connectivity for. Provide connectivity for organizations within the context of the organizations within the context of the. Organizations within the context of the lat time community like um uh unclop uh lat time community like um uh unclop uh. Lat time community like um uh unclop uh and others that can connect individuals and others that can connect individuals. And others that can connect individuals to their therefore hold value in a u.s to their therefore hold value in a u.s. To their therefore hold value in a u.s account that provides some stability account that provides some stability. Account that provides some stability with respect to that the the the insured with respect to that the the the insured. With respect to that the the the insured accounts that we can provide through accounts that we can provide through. Accounts that we can provide through some of our bank partners the second is some of our bank partners the second is. Some of our bank partners the second is that there are a number of organizations that there are a number of organizations. That there are a number of organizations including and built within the context including and built within the context. Including and built within the context of the stellar ecosystem that are also of the stellar ecosystem that are also. Of the stellar ecosystem that are also providing uh savings and or other higher providing uh savings and or other higher. Providing uh savings and or other higher yield um account structures so uh higher. Yield um account structures so uh higher yield um account structures so uh higher. Yield usdc yield usdc yield usdc for example where organizations and for example where organizations and. For example where organizations and individuals can now hold value in much individuals can now hold value in much. Individuals can now hold value in much more stable ways that provide a little more stable ways that provide a little. More stable ways that provide a little bit higher yield than say for example bit higher yield than say for example. Bit higher yield than say for example non-interest bearing or other accounts non-interest bearing or other accounts. Non-interest bearing or other accounts that that might happen the third is in that that might happen the third is in. That that might happen the third is in the payment side and obviously that's a the payment side and obviously that's a. The payment side and obviously that's a core value proposition with the stellar core value proposition with the stellar. Core value proposition with the stellar ecosystem driving down the cost of ecosystem driving down the cost of. Ecosystem driving down the cost of payments but really folks really want to payments but really folks really want to. Payments but really folks really want to be able to transfer value securely and be able to transfer value securely and. Be able to transfer value securely and in near real time and while some of the in near real time and while some of the. In near real time and while some of the organizations may be legal entities organizations may be legal entities. Organizations may be legal entities corporate enterprises are less concerned corporate enterprises are less concerned. Corporate enterprises are less concerned about the multi-day settlement they just. About the multi-day settlement they just about the multi-day settlement they just. Want to ensure that there is a a secure want to ensure that there is a a secure want to ensure that there is a a secure. Way to send value they certainly want to way to send value they certainly want to. Way to send value they certainly want to minimize the market and other volatility. Minimize the market and other volatility minimize the market and other volatility. Characteristics that some of the characteristics that some of the characteristics that some of the. Alternative coins offer and this is alternative coins offer and this is alternative coins offer and this is. Where stable coins like usdc play a very where stable coins like usdc play a very. Where stable coins like usdc play a very very large value having interoperability. Very large value having interoperability very large value having interoperability. Into local fiat systems is the fourth into local fiat systems is the fourth into local fiat systems is the fourth. Space and uh um congrats to the to the space and uh um congrats to the to the space and uh um congrats to the to the. Group and yvonne and and others like him group and yvonne and and others like him. Group and yvonne and and others like him that are trying to provide the ability that are trying to provide the ability. That are trying to provide the ability to connect fiat um in local currency uh to connect fiat um in local currency uh. To connect fiat um in local currency uh either as a payout or as a pay in to a either as a payout or as a pay in to a. Either as a payout or as a pay in to a stable coin ecosystem that now is stable coin ecosystem that now is. Stable coin ecosystem that now is interoperable and then fifthly i i interoperable and then fifthly i i. Interoperable and then fifthly i i should say is that what we are working should say is that what we are working. Should say is that what we are working to expand uh within within the context to expand uh within within the context. To expand uh within within the context of the stellar community is obviously of the stellar community is obviously. Of the stellar community is obviously not only is there interconnectivity not only is there interconnectivity. Not only is there interconnectivity between latam and the us but there's between latam and the us but there's. Between latam and the us but there's greater greater interconnectivity uh greater greater interconnectivity uh. Greater greater interconnectivity uh between latam and africa africa and between latam and africa africa and. Between latam and africa africa and europe africa and the us and you now europe africa and the us and you now. Europe africa and the us and you now have organizations that are globally have organizations that are globally. Have organizations that are globally engaged uh we ourselves are a engaged uh we ourselves are a. Engaged uh we ourselves are a decentralized company we have decentralized company we have. Decentralized company we have individuals based all over the us but individuals based all over the us but. Individuals based all over the us but also in europe and elsewhere and these also in europe and elsewhere and these. Also in europe and elsewhere and these small businesses now have the ability in small businesses now have the ability in. Small businesses now have the ability in a digitizing economy even if you're five. A digitizing economy even if you're five a digitizing economy even if you're five. People 10 people to have individual people 10 people to have individual people 10 people to have individual. Contractors subcontractors contractors subcontractors contractors subcontractors vendors suppliers counterparts all over. Vendors suppliers counterparts all over vendors suppliers counterparts all over the world and that requires an ecosystem. The world and that requires an ecosystem the world and that requires an ecosystem. That is community bank like but in a that is community bank like but in a that is community bank like but in a. Global uh in a global and peer-to-peer global uh in a global and peer-to-peer global uh in a global and peer-to-peer. Functioning way that's exciting so as we functioning way that's exciting so as we. Functioning way that's exciting so as we have small businesses that enable an have small businesses that enable an. Have small businesses that enable an individual in rural africa or in europe individual in rural africa or in europe. Individual in rural africa or in europe or latam to transact just as an or latam to transact just as an. Or latam to transact just as an inter-company inter-company inter-company set of financial services or they're. Set of financial services or they're set of financial services or they're transacting with their beneficiaries. Transacting with their beneficiaries transacting with their beneficiaries vendors suppliers and other. Vendors suppliers and other vendors suppliers and other counterparties in their ecosystem like. Counterparties in their ecosystem like counterparties in their ecosystem like gamers like subcontractors like. Gamers like subcontractors like gamers like subcontractors like freelancers like small medium. Freelancers like small medium freelancers like small medium merchants and the like. Merchants and the like merchants and the like operating in these marketplaces those. Operating in these marketplaces those operating in these marketplaces those marketplaces want to secure value. Marketplaces want to secure value marketplaces want to secure value transfer ecosystem and they want to do. Transfer ecosystem and they want to do transfer ecosystem and they want to do so compliantly so those are the four or. So compliantly so those are the four or so compliantly so those are the four or five ways that we are looking to expand. Five ways that we are looking to expand five ways that we are looking to expand these services beyond just compliance. Thank you very much for that thank you very much for that that is impressive to to be honest and. That is impressive to to be honest and that is impressive to to be honest and and i look forward to hearing more uh in. And i look forward to hearing more uh in and i look forward to hearing more uh in. A couple of months um ivan um do you a couple of months um ivan um do you a couple of months um ivan um do you. Want to want to want to share some details on on the pilot that share some details on on the pilot that. Share some details on on the pilot that that actually you are working with with that actually you are working with with. That actually you are working with with inclusive and and also we are inclusive and and also we are. Inclusive and and also we are we are we are we are in a phase where uh where at some point. In a phase where uh where at some point in a phase where uh where at some point we are going to work as well with the. We are going to work as well with the we are going to work as well with the latin american development bank uh and. Latin american development bank uh and latin american development bank uh and uh basically if you want to also provide. Uh basically if you want to also provide uh basically if you want to also provide. Some uh some details on on the road map some uh some details on on the road map some uh some details on on the road map. On in colombia in the short and medium on in colombia in the short and medium on in colombia in the short and medium. Term that would be great term that would be great term that would be great okay yeah. Okay yeah okay yeah uh yeah we uh yeah we uh yeah we we are working together with inclusive. We are working together with inclusive we are working together with inclusive on build and building. On build and building on build and building bringing a solution bringing a solution. Bringing a solution uh uh uh for remittances okay between us and for remittances okay between us and. For remittances okay between us and colombia colombia colombia but but but people need to. People need to people need to understand that what we are bringing at understand that what we are bringing at. Understand that what we are bringing at the end of the day is the end of the day is. The end of the day is infrastructure infrastructure infrastructure so so so all other companies or. All other companies or all other companies or developers developers developers can build. Can build can build solutions on top of this race but we solutions on top of this race but we. Solutions on top of this race but we what we are doing is just what we are doing is just. What we are doing is just building brands compliance race and of building brands compliance race and of. Building brands compliance race and of course course course what we are doing today is working hand. What we are doing today is working hand what we are doing today is working hand by hand with local regulators within. By hand with local regulators within by hand with local regulators within within colombia because of uh its highly. Within colombia because of uh its highly within colombia because of uh its highly. Necessary to them necessary to them necessary to them for for for to get our best understanding of what we. To get our best understanding of what we to get our best understanding of what we. Do and what do and what do and what how this this this blockchain race could how this this this blockchain race could. How this this this blockchain race could help uh not only people but also the help uh not only people but also the. Help uh not only people but also the entire entire entire financial industry financial industry. Financial industry providing providing uh providing uh more more more financial products. Financial products financial products and services to the people so and services to the people so. And services to the people so what we do is what we do is what we do is bring in uh. Bring in uh bring in uh bringing services bringing um bringing services bringing um. Bringing services bringing um bring bringing infrastructure okay so bring bringing infrastructure okay so. Bring bringing infrastructure okay so not only us today we we are working not only us today we we are working. Not only us today we we are working to to to bring a a remittances platform to to to bring a a remittances platform. To to to bring a a remittances platform for colombians to get uh get money from for colombians to get uh get money from. For colombians to get uh get money from their relatives in the us or send money their relatives in the us or send money. Their relatives in the us or send money to the us to the us to the us but once we we can prove that this rate this. Once we we can prove that this rate this infrastructure is compliant is it's uh infrastructure is compliant is it's uh. Infrastructure is compliant is it's uh it's huge for for for the standard it's huge for for for the standard. It's huge for for for the standard traditional uh traditional uh traditional uh remittances services uh much faster and. Remittances services uh much faster and remittances services uh much faster and cheaper for people. Cheaper for people cheaper for people we we will start working on letting they know that it is an. Letting they know that it is an infrastructure that any other infrastructure that any other. Infrastructure that any other company within colombia or within any company within colombia or within any. Company within colombia or within any other country because we are a huge other country because we are a huge. Other country because we are a huge network can bring products uh financial services. Can bring products uh financial services on top of this infrastructure um and on top of this infrastructure um and. On top of this infrastructure um and that is is what we are working today uh that is is what we are working today uh. That is is what we are working today uh we are we are we are still not still not still not. Life in in colombia because of we need life in in colombia because of we need life in in colombia because of we need. To have a to have a to have a huge understanding of huge understanding of huge understanding of. Of what we do of what we do of what we do with regulators and with regulators and. With regulators and of course we we are we are working of course we we are we are working. Of course we we are we are working together with them and we are we are together with them and we are we are. Together with them and we are we are working to to working to to working to to to run the project within the. To run the project within the to run the project within the the local uh regulation sandbox uh. The local uh regulation sandbox uh the local uh regulation sandbox uh for for for for. For for for them to have the the best for them to have the the best for them to have the the best. Understanding of what we do understanding of what we do understanding of what we do. And of course as and of course as and of course as as as bigger and as a robust as as bigger and as a robust. As as bigger and as a robust the project could be uh if we if we work the project could be uh if we if we work. The project could be uh if we if we work together on this uh of course the the together on this uh of course the the. Together on this uh of course the the whole whole whole industry industry industry. Will be uh will be uh will be uh will get the benefits of this will get the benefits of this. Will get the benefits of this infrastructure um infrastructure um infrastructure um. I assume i think that that probably in i assume i think that that probably in i assume i think that that probably in. The in the next month uh we could launch the in the next month uh we could launch. The in the next month uh we could launch the platform the platform the platform but again. But again but again i'm a technical guy and and i i'm a technical guy and and i i'm a technical guy and and i. I insist that i will i would love to see i insist that i will i would love to see. I insist that i will i would love to see other companies other companies other companies. Within colombia or u.s to start thinking within colombia or u.s to start thinking. Within colombia or u.s to start thinking uh financial solutions to build on top uh financial solutions to build on top. Uh financial solutions to build on top of these blockchain rails of these blockchain rails. Of these blockchain rails we are working to to prove we are working to to prove we are working to to prove. That is uh that it represents a huge that is uh that it represents a huge that is uh that it represents a huge. Benefit for people benefit for people benefit for people but but but uh please uh please. Uh please those companies or developers that are those companies or developers that are. Those companies or developers that are seeing this this panel seeing this this panel. Seeing this this panel please please please have in mind that you can you could you. Have in mind that you can you could you have in mind that you can you could you could bring your solutions on top of. Could bring your solutions on top of could bring your solutions on top of this uh network so. This uh network so this uh network so that is that is what we are doing uh that is that is what we are doing uh. That is that is what we are doing uh still working with regulators to still working with regulators to. Still working with regulators to make pretty sure that we are okay and we make pretty sure that we are okay and we. Make pretty sure that we are okay and we we we have the grant to to we we have the grant to to. We we have the grant to to to have the because the to have the because the to have the because the. The the local ecosystem with this with the the local ecosystem with this with the the local ecosystem with this with. This technology and as soon as we we this technology and as soon as we we this technology and as soon as we we. Could move forward you know could move forward you know could move forward you know. In a few in a few in a few months we will launch the months we will launch the months we will launch the. Remittances remittances remittances platform but and start working on on platform but and start working on on. Platform but and start working on on other other other other solutions or other fine financial. Other solutions or other fine financial other solutions or other fine financial services. Services services like local payments or like local payments or like local payments or. Uh uh uh worldwide payments uh worldwide payments uh worldwide payments uh whatever. Whatever whatever i i hope not being i i hope not being i i hope not being me who brings those solutions but other. Me who brings those solutions but other me who brings those solutions but other companies to build on top. Companies to build on top companies to build on top of the infrastructure we of the infrastructure we. Of the infrastructure we are bringing and are bringing and are bringing and that's that's the. That's that's the that's that's the history and history and history and i'm really excited on what we. I'm really excited on what we i'm really excited on what we what we are doing and and of course. What we are doing and and of course what we are doing and and of course having a huge partners like the like. Having a huge partners like the like having a huge partners like the like like the caf and the stellar develop. Like the caf and the stellar develop like the caf and the stellar develop foundation uh it's it's huge and i'm. Foundation uh it's it's huge and i'm foundation uh it's it's huge and i'm really optimistic on that we will. Really optimistic on that we will really optimistic on that we will make make make. Uh uh uh really noise on the on the really noise on the on the really noise on the on the. On the latin american on the latin american on the latin american uh economist uh economist. Uh economist and people economy and people economy and people economy thank you very much for that ivan i. Thank you very much for that ivan i thank you very much for that ivan i think that you mentioned something that. Think that you mentioned something that think that you mentioned something that is really important that is actually. Is really important that is actually is really important that is actually working together with regulators so. Working together with regulators so working together with regulators so actually these public private. Actually these public private actually these public private partnerships just to make sure that uh. Partnerships just to make sure that uh partnerships just to make sure that uh that you can not actually. That you can not actually that you can not actually the technology not only the technology. The technology not only the technology the technology not only the technology but actually the use cases are are. But actually the use cases are are but actually the use cases are are developed in in in different kind of of. Developed in in in different kind of of developed in in in different kind of of economies so building on on that answer. Economies so building on on that answer economies so building on on that answer uh diana uh from a development uh. Uh diana uh from a development uh uh diana uh from a development uh perspective from a financial inclusion. Perspective from a financial inclusion perspective from a financial inclusion perspective. Perspective perspective how do you think that actually how do you think that actually. How do you think that actually regulators and policy makers can regulators and policy makers can. Regulators and policy makers can design a landscape that is design a landscape that is. Design a landscape that is that would promote that would promote that would promote. The use of of the the responsible use of the use of of the the responsible use of. The use of of the the responsible use of technology for technology for technology for. For bringing more more inclusion for bringing more more inclusion for bringing more more inclusion. So so so do you have some some thoughts so so so do you have some some thoughts so so so do you have some some thoughts. On on that on on that on on that um yes i think that um i mean working um yes i think that um i mean working. Um yes i think that um i mean working together with the regulator and um together with the regulator and um. Together with the regulator and um um um um trying to be i mean part of the trying to be i mean part of the. Trying to be i mean part of the uh regulatory sandboxes in in each uh regulatory sandboxes in in each. Uh regulatory sandboxes in in each country i think it's it is it is very country i think it's it is it is very. Country i think it's it is it is very important as as evangelist mentioned uh important as as evangelist mentioned uh. Important as as evangelist mentioned uh the work that uh he's been doing with the work that uh he's been doing with. The work that uh he's been doing with the financial superintendency the financial superintendency. The financial superintendency in colombia and the and the regulatory in colombia and the and the regulatory. In colombia and the and the regulatory sandbox is is very important and i think sandbox is is very important and i think. Sandbox is is very important and i think that that that these partnerships are are are key. These partnerships are are are key these partnerships are are are key uh in order uh i mean for for for for. Uh in order uh i mean for for for for uh in order uh i mean for for for for the the. The uh the companies uh to align to to the uh the companies uh to align to to the. Uh the companies uh to align to to the regulation regulation regulation and and also for the regulators because. And and also for the regulators because and and also for the regulators because they learn a lot uh on the these these. They learn a lot uh on the these these they learn a lot uh on the these these innovative uh business models uh and. Innovative uh business models uh and innovative uh business models uh and they adore and they can adjust uh the. They adore and they can adjust uh the they adore and they can adjust uh the regulations uh to that financial. Regulations uh to that financial regulations uh to that financial innovation so i think uh it is it is. Innovation so i think uh it is it is innovation so i think uh it is it is very important that is uh a win-win uh. Very important that is uh a win-win uh very important that is uh a win-win uh from from the both both sides. From from the both both sides from from the both both sides um and i also uh think that uh. Um and i also uh think that uh um and i also uh think that uh also incorporating uh these these this. Also incorporating uh these these this also incorporating uh these these this aspect that we were talking about. Aspect that we were talking about aspect that we were talking about uh on financial education and consumer. Uh on financial education and consumer uh on financial education and consumer protection is key and for the regulator. Protection is key and for the regulator protection is key and for the regulator this is this is very important this is. This is this is very important this is this is this is very important this is this is not only important uh. This is not only important uh this is not only important uh to to the consumer but but also from the. To to the consumer but but also from the to to the consumer but but also from the. Regulation uh point of view uh to regulation uh point of view uh to regulation uh point of view uh to. Incorporate uh these uh financial incorporate uh these uh financial incorporate uh these uh financial. Education and and the impact of the the education and and the impact of the the education and and the impact of the the. Usage of the product on the consumer usage of the product on the consumer usage of the product on the consumer. Protection and and also the financial protection and and also the financial protection and and also the financial. Health of the customer yeah i totally agree with that approach yeah i totally agree with that approach. And what actually you you have said uh i and what actually you you have said uh i. And what actually you you have said uh i have the i think that we are running out. Have the i think that we are running out have the i think that we are running out. Of time so i have the last question for of time so i have the last question for of time so i have the last question for. For all of you maybe we can start with for all of you maybe we can start with for all of you maybe we can start with. With amit and then we can continue with with amit and then we can continue with with amit and then we can continue with. Evan and and then with diana evan and and then with diana evan and and then with diana. Uh that actually we have been uh uh that actually we have been uh uh that actually we have been uh. Speaking a lot about cross-border speaking a lot about cross-border speaking a lot about cross-border. Payments and remittances and b2b payments and remittances and b2b payments and remittances and b2b. Payments payments payments uh uh uh what other use cases what other use cases what other use cases. You you you envision envision envision that could be built not only on that could be built not only on. That could be built not only on blockchain but actually in the financial blockchain but actually in the financial. Blockchain but actually in the financial innovation space innovation space innovation space. That that would promote uh access and that that would promote uh access and that that would promote uh access and. Usage of usage of usage of financial services and and and financial services and and and. Financial services and and and actually contributing to those who are actually contributing to those who are. Actually contributing to those who are in informal economy to to start in informal economy to to start. In informal economy to to start operating in the formal economy in latin operating in the formal economy in latin. Operating in the formal economy in latin america america america so i mean do you want to to go first. So i mean do you want to to go first so i mean do you want to to go first sure there are a couple and obviously. Sure there are a couple and obviously sure there are a couple and obviously thematically we've touched on some of. Thematically we've touched on some of thematically we've touched on some of them already the the cross-border. Them already the the cross-border them already the the cross-border remittance use case is not only very. Remittance use case is not only very remittance use case is not only very important as it relates to household. Important as it relates to household important as it relates to household remittances and those small dollar. Remittances and those small dollar remittances and those small dollar payments that individuals are making um. Payments that individuals are making um payments that individuals are making um as some folks have have opined and. As some folks have have opined and as some folks have have opined and there's a lot of data out of the world. There's a lot of data out of the world there's a lot of data out of the world bank imf and elsewhere that showed that. Bank imf and elsewhere that showed that bank imf and elsewhere that showed that especially outbound remittances from the. Especially outbound remittances from the especially outbound remittances from the. U.s to many latin countries and u.s to many latin countries and u.s to many latin countries and. Elsewhere in the in the world uh elsewhere in the in the world uh elsewhere in the in the world uh. Constitute very high percentage of even constitute very high percentage of even constitute very high percentage of even. Those countries gdp and the longevity those countries gdp and the longevity those countries gdp and the longevity. For those households to actually get for those households to actually get for those households to actually get. Funds from from the united states so the funds from from the united states so the. Funds from from the united states so the income economy if you will is just income economy if you will is just. Income economy if you will is just massive i think it's worth massive i think it's worth. Massive i think it's worth worth re-emphasizing small business worth re-emphasizing small business. Worth re-emphasizing small business payments because like i said uh the the payments because like i said uh the the. Payments because like i said uh the the global engine of job growth is small global engine of job growth is small. Global engine of job growth is small businesses the number of small medium businesses the number of small medium. Businesses the number of small medium enterprises and micro enterprises is enterprises and micro enterprises is. Enterprises and micro enterprises is really responsible for 90 plus percent really responsible for 90 plus percent. Really responsible for 90 plus percent of global job growth and this comes back of global job growth and this comes back. Of global job growth and this comes back to to to the the changing nature of the job. The the changing nature of the job the the changing nature of the job landscape where there are more. Landscape where there are more landscape where there are more contractors subcontractors freelancers. Contractors subcontractors freelancers contractors subcontractors freelancers doing work interconnected with companies. Doing work interconnected with companies doing work interconnected with companies. All over the the globe that need a all over the the globe that need a all over the the globe that need a. Uh much more secure and and innovative uh much more secure and and innovative uh much more secure and and innovative. Financial services space small financial services space small financial services space small. Businesses are categorically seen as businesses are categorically seen as businesses are categorically seen as. High risk by many traditional lenders so high risk by many traditional lenders so. High risk by many traditional lenders so the not only the ability for those the not only the ability for those. The not only the ability for those individuals that are themselves small individuals that are themselves small. Individuals that are themselves small businesses as a contractor or freelancer businesses as a contractor or freelancer. Businesses as a contractor or freelancer or what we call an independent or what we call an independent. Or what we call an independent worker but also those small businesses worker but also those small businesses. Worker but also those small businesses are competing for uh lending products uh are competing for uh lending products uh. Are competing for uh lending products uh and the extension of credit to just grow. And the extension of credit to just grow and the extension of credit to just grow. Start and grow their businesses and so start and grow their businesses and so start and grow their businesses and so. The the that's another product that that the the that's another product that that. The the that's another product that that continues to be formulated within the continues to be formulated within the. Continues to be formulated within the context of fintechs context of fintechs context of fintechs. As well as in blockchain enabled as well as in blockchain enabled as well as in blockchain enabled. Ecosystem so small dollar lending small ecosystem so small dollar lending small ecosystem so small dollar lending small. Business financing is massive uh to business financing is massive uh to business financing is massive uh to. Enable these companies to start and to enable these companies to start and to enable these companies to start and to. Grow and these can be enabled very grow and these can be enabled very grow and these can be enabled very. Easily in the same payments mechanisms easily in the same payments mechanisms easily in the same payments mechanisms. That these blockchain networks uh that these blockchain networks uh that these blockchain networks uh. Provide like with stellar um and many of provide like with stellar um and many of. Provide like with stellar um and many of them need the appropriate due diligence them need the appropriate due diligence. Them need the appropriate due diligence uh to ensure that they've got the the uh to ensure that they've got the the. Uh to ensure that they've got the the background legitimacy and and background legitimacy and and. Background legitimacy and and effectively the worthiness to get that effectively the worthiness to get that. Effectively the worthiness to get that that um those products and services um that um those products and services um. That um those products and services um and then and then and then the the third and fourth i would say is. The the third and fourth i would say is the the third and fourth i would say is um while we. Um while we um while we often talk about the the inclusion often talk about the the inclusion. Often talk about the the inclusion aspects within the context of of private aspects within the context of of private. Aspects within the context of of private industry um the non-profit and industry um the non-profit and. Industry um the non-profit and humanitarian development sector cannot humanitarian development sector cannot. Humanitarian development sector cannot be overlooked here more and more of be overlooked here more and more of. Be overlooked here more and more of organizations are realizing that being organizations are realizing that being. Organizations are realizing that being able to donate in non-fiat assets is able to donate in non-fiat assets is. Able to donate in non-fiat assets is attractive we look at the conflict in attractive we look at the conflict in. Attractive we look at the conflict in ukraine within 48 72 hours the millions ukraine within 48 72 hours the millions. Ukraine within 48 72 hours the millions and millions of crypto assets that were and millions of crypto assets that were. And millions of crypto assets that were donated on behalf of donated on behalf of. Donated on behalf of many ngos and individuals around the many ngos and individuals around the. Many ngos and individuals around the planet to support the cause in ukraine planet to support the cause in ukraine. Planet to support the cause in ukraine and this is not a one-off there are many and this is not a one-off there are many. And this is not a one-off there are many organizations many uh countries frontier. Organizations many uh countries frontier organizations many uh countries frontier. Markets uh those in conflict facing markets uh those in conflict facing markets uh those in conflict facing. Crises that quite frankly it's much crises that quite frankly it's much crises that quite frankly it's much. Easier for them to get a wallet and have easier for them to get a wallet and have. Easier for them to get a wallet and have uh tokens uh tokens uh tokens deposited and transferred to their. Deposited and transferred to their deposited and transferred to their wallet than it would be for them to get. Wallet than it would be for them to get wallet than it would be for them to get any kind of fiat asset uh because of the. Any kind of fiat asset uh because of the any kind of fiat asset uh because of the. Absence of banking systems especially absence of banking systems especially absence of banking systems especially. When you think about refugees and others when you think about refugees and others. When you think about refugees and others which you're talking about tens of which you're talking about tens of. Which you're talking about tens of millions of individuals worldwide millions of individuals worldwide. Millions of individuals worldwide that that don't have access to them and that that don't have access to them and. That that don't have access to them and then you add the billion or so people on then you add the billion or so people on. Then you add the billion or so people on the planet that are just not born with the planet that are just not born with. The planet that are just not born with an id well no bank traditional financial an id well no bank traditional financial. An id well no bank traditional financial services company sees them as a services company sees them as a. Services company sees them as a legitimate party in the ecosystem and legitimate party in the ecosystem and. Legitimate party in the ecosystem and this is where not only the blockchain this is where not only the blockchain. This is where not only the blockchain from a compliance perspective digital from a compliance perspective digital. From a compliance perspective digital identity perspective pays huge value but identity perspective pays huge value but. Identity perspective pays huge value but then the ability to then tokenize value then the ability to then tokenize value. Then the ability to then tokenize value and create an ecosystem where you can and create an ecosystem where you can. And create an ecosystem where you can send value to them directly send value to them directly. Send value to them directly in a way that's secure and then the in a way that's secure and then the. In a way that's secure and then the final piece i will just say because it's final piece i will just say because it's. Final piece i will just say because it's a little outside of the financial a little outside of the financial. A little outside of the financial inclusion mandate but equally relevant inclusion mandate but equally relevant. Inclusion mandate but equally relevant the financial services ecosystem and the financial services ecosystem and. The financial services ecosystem and payments ecosystem is in radical need of payments ecosystem is in radical need of. Payments ecosystem is in radical need of innovation anyway and that pays innovation anyway and that pays. Innovation anyway and that pays tremendous dividends to corporate tremendous dividends to corporate. Tremendous dividends to corporate enterprises imagine the hundreds of enterprises imagine the hundreds of. Enterprises imagine the hundreds of billions of dollars that are transacted billions of dollars that are transacted. Billions of dollars that are transacted between corporates uh you know on a uh between corporates uh you know on a uh. Between corporates uh you know on a uh daily monthly and yearly basis to be daily monthly and yearly basis to be. Daily monthly and yearly basis to be able to tokenize that financing be able able to tokenize that financing be able. Able to tokenize that financing be able to do it near real time and securely to do it near real time and securely. To do it near real time and securely takes a lot of noise and rent seeking takes a lot of noise and rent seeking. Takes a lot of noise and rent seeking behavior that is in the traditional behavior that is in the traditional. Behavior that is in the traditional financial space with the number of financial space with the number of. Financial space with the number of financial intermediaries that blockchain financial intermediaries that blockchain. Financial intermediaries that blockchain ecosystems like stellar can really ecosystems like stellar can really. Ecosystems like stellar can really provide and so i think that that provide and so i think that that. Provide and so i think that that provides a much more inclusive secure provides a much more inclusive secure. Provides a much more inclusive secure economy and and i think that's where the economy and and i think that's where the. Economy and and i think that's where the future will be future will be future will be. That's a great answer ivan i know that that's a great answer ivan i know that that's a great answer ivan i know that. We are we have only a couple of minutes we are we have only a couple of minutes we are we have only a couple of minutes. So so so if you want to if you want to if you want to yeah i i think i think uh more use cases. Yeah i i think i think uh more use cases yeah i i think i think uh more use cases. Could be local payments could be local payments could be local payments because of. Because of because of there are a lot of people that probably there are a lot of people that probably. There are a lot of people that probably do not transact worldwide but do not transact worldwide but. Do not transact worldwide but they they they need and they deserve to they they they need and they deserve to. They they they need and they deserve to have a way to use their money locally have a way to use their money locally. Have a way to use their money locally uh uh uh so so so it doesn't matter if they they they want. It doesn't matter if they they they want it doesn't matter if they they they want. To transact worldwide but using your to transact worldwide but using your to transact worldwide but using your. Money locally so it's also a great use money locally so it's also a great use money locally so it's also a great use. Case uh to use digital money case uh to use digital money case uh to use digital money. And also what am i saying b2b uh and also what am i saying b2b uh and also what am i saying b2b uh. B2b payments b2b payments b2b payments uh and b2c payments i imagine uh uh and b2c payments i imagine uh. Uh and b2c payments i imagine uh in a few years uh in a few years uh in a few years uh. Having go into a market having go into a market having go into a market and paying with uh with my phone with. And paying with uh with my phone with and paying with uh with my phone with with a cure and the the the merchant. With a cure and the the the merchant with a cure and the the the merchant will will. Will will have the money in their wallet will have the money in their wallet will have the money in their wallet. Instantly at no cost and i'm paying the instantly at no cost and i'm paying the instantly at no cost and i'm paying the. The same way and i imagine uh i imagine the same way and i imagine uh i imagine the same way and i imagine uh i imagine. That local payments that local payments that local payments b2b payments um and b2 b2c payments. Yeah totally agree with that um diana yeah totally agree with that um diana what do you think. What do you think what do you think yeah very very quick uh i i think more yeah very very quick uh i i think more. Yeah very very quick uh i i think more on the on the financial innovation on the on the financial innovation. On the on the financial innovation perspective uh i see more perspective uh i see more. Perspective uh i see more consumer-centric consumer-centric consumer-centric approaches or more consumer-centric. Approaches or more consumer-centric approaches or more consumer-centric products products. Products that that that that that that takes into into account i mean in the in takes into into account i mean in the in. Takes into into account i mean in the in the design are the needs of the of the the design are the needs of the of the. The design are the needs of the of the different segments of population for different segments of population for. Different segments of population for example women example women example women uh products that are that have this. Uh products that are that have this uh products that are that have this gender perspective uh for example. Gender perspective uh for example gender perspective uh for example um and also uh that uh that includes uh. Um and also uh that uh that includes uh um and also uh that uh that includes uh one thing that i think it is it is. One thing that i think it is it is one thing that i think it is it is important and and and and i didn't touch. Important and and and and i didn't touch important and and and and i didn't touch. In my in in the in the first question uh in my in in the in the first question uh. In my in in the in the first question uh which is uh the the the promotion of uh which is uh the the the promotion of uh. Which is uh the the the promotion of uh digital literacy uh because i mean uh as digital literacy uh because i mean uh as. Digital literacy uh because i mean uh as as a part of of the financial education as a part of of the financial education. As a part of of the financial education programs programs programs is it is it is important to to pay. Is it is it is important to to pay is it is it is important to to pay special attention uh to foster the. Special attention uh to foster the special attention uh to foster the digital skills and knowledge of the of. Digital skills and knowledge of the of digital skills and knowledge of the of the population and and and the most. The population and and and the most the population and and and the most vulnerable populations uh who are the. Vulnerable populations uh who are the vulnerable populations uh who are the ones that that traditionally. Ones that that traditionally ones that that traditionally uh have been excluded from the financial. Uh have been excluded from the financial uh have been excluded from the financial. System and also lacks system and also lacks system and also lacks uh these uh digital capabilities and it. Uh these uh digital capabilities and it uh these uh digital capabilities and it is important uh to. Is important uh to is important uh to uh to to to close this gap and and not uh to to to close this gap and and not. Uh to to to close this gap and and not open another another gap as as we have open another another gap as as we have. Open another another gap as as we have on uh financial capabilities on uh financial capabilities. On uh financial capabilities yeah yeah totally agree with that as yeah yeah totally agree with that as. Yeah yeah totally agree with that as well so um thank you very much for for well so um thank you very much for for. Well so um thank you very much for for joining uh this panel we have heard joining uh this panel we have heard. Joining uh this panel we have heard actually what are the benefits and and actually what are the benefits and and. Actually what are the benefits and and opportunities of of opportunities of of opportunities of of. Of using uh the blockchain technology of using uh the blockchain technology of using uh the blockchain technology. And stablecoins and we have and stablecoins and we have and stablecoins and we have. We have heard that we have heard that we have heard that security security security. Reduction of costs uh mitigating aml and reduction of costs uh mitigating aml and. Reduction of costs uh mitigating aml and cft trace abilities and our and our cft trace abilities and our and our. Cft trace abilities and our and our benefit that i that i i got here but benefit that i that i i got here but. Benefit that i that i i got here but also uh helping or contributing uh to also uh helping or contributing uh to. Also uh helping or contributing uh to small businesses to transition from the small businesses to transition from the. Small businesses to transition from the informal economy to the formal economy informal economy to the formal economy. Informal economy to the formal economy uh uh uh but also in terms of not challenges but. But also in terms of not challenges but but also in terms of not challenges but but we also need to consider uh. But we also need to consider uh but we also need to consider uh financial literacy and financial. Financial literacy and financial financial literacy and financial education in terms of of making sure. Education in terms of of making sure education in terms of of making sure that those uh receiving funds in a. That those uh receiving funds in a that those uh receiving funds in a cross-border payments scenario have all. Cross-border payments scenario have all cross-border payments scenario have all the all the knowledge and all the. The all the knowledge and all the the all the knowledge and all the capability in order to to use the. Capability in order to to use the capability in order to to use the financial services you know in in in a. Financial services you know in in in a financial services you know in in in a good way um so evidence uh tell us that. Good way um so evidence uh tell us that good way um so evidence uh tell us that actually you can you can play around. Actually you can you can play around actually you can you can play around with different variables or elements in. With different variables or elements in with different variables or elements in order to make sure that the impact of. Order to make sure that the impact of order to make sure that the impact of that uh financial education schemes are. That uh financial education schemes are that uh financial education schemes are are greater uh so so with that. Are greater uh so so with that are greater uh so so with that uh we are uh we are. Uh we are uh finalizing the the panel i would like uh finalizing the the panel i would like. Uh finalizing the the panel i would like to thank you for to thank you for to thank you for. For uh participating today and for uh participating today and for uh participating today and. And i'm looking forward to continue this and i'm looking forward to continue this. And i'm looking forward to continue this conversation in in the nearly future so conversation in in the nearly future so. Conversation in in the nearly future so so thank you very much again for uh for so thank you very much again for uh for. So thank you very much again for uh for the time.
