Hello and welcome everybody. My name is Hello and welcome everybody. My name is Julian Martinez, senior developer. Julian Martinez, senior developer Julian Martinez, senior developer advocate and common man here at SDF and. Advocate and common man here at SDF and advocate and common man here at SDF and I'm super excited to get today's session. I'm super excited to get today's session I'm super excited to get today's session. Kicked off where we're going to dive kicked off where we're going to dive kicked off where we're going to dive. Into the basics of building full stack into the basics of building full stack into the basics of building full stack. DAPs using Stellar smart contracts. , DAPs using Stellar smart contracts. , DAPs using Stellar smart contracts. ,. So this is going to be kind of like a so this is going to be kind of like a so this is going to be kind of like a. Freestyle like ad hoc session. I don't freestyle like ad hoc session. I don't freestyle like ad hoc session. I don't. Have any slides or anything. , but we have any slides or anything. , but we have any slides or anything. , but we. Will be using the getting started will be using the getting started will be using the getting started . Docs as well as an examp docs as well as an examp docs as well as an examp a common example damp that you may. a common example damp that you may a common example damp that you may have seen building stuff in your. Have seen building stuff in your have seen building stuff in your journey throughout the ecosystem. We're. Journey throughout the ecosystem. We're journey throughout the ecosystem. We're going to be using none other than the. Going to be using none other than the going to be using none other than the Sorbon example d. All right, so a couple. Sorbon example d. All right, so a couple Sorbon example d. All right, so a couple. Of repos here or a couple of links here. Of repos here or a couple of links here. Of repos here or a couple of links here. First things first, the getting First things first, the getting First things first, the getting. Started QR code or the QR code that will started QR code or the QR code that will. Started QR code or the QR code that will take you to the link of the getting take you to the link of the getting. Take you to the link of the getting started section of the docs. And then started section of the docs. And then. Started section of the docs. And then later, maybe in the second half when we later, maybe in the second half when we. Later, maybe in the second half when we start signing transactions, we'll start signing transactions, we'll. Start signing transactions, we'll transition over to actually cloning the transition over to actually cloning the. Transition over to actually cloning the Sorbon example DAP. And then we'll kind Sorbon example DAP. And then we'll kind. Sorbon example DAP. And then we'll kind of like dive into the ins and outs of of like dive into the ins and outs of. Of like dive into the ins and outs of that one. but for now, we'll get that one. but for now, we'll get. That one. but for now, we'll get started with a very simple front-end started with a very simple front-end. Started with a very simple front-end readonly function call from our hello readonly function call from our hello. Readonly function call from our hello world contract. Now, let's backtrack a world contract. Now, let's backtrack a. World contract. Now, let's backtrack a little bit. , to get started, you're little bit. , to get started, you're. Little bit. , to get started, you're going to need to actually install the going to need to actually install the. Going to need to actually install the Rust tool chain or it's going to allow Rust tool chain or it's going to allow. Rust tool chain or it's going to allow you to use tools like cargo and other you to use tools like cargo and other. You to use tools like cargo and other Rust tools available in the tool Rust tools available in the tool. Rust tools available in the tool chain. The second one is going to or the chain. The second one is going to or the. Chain. The second one is going to or the second command here is going to tell the. Second command here is going to tell the second command here is going to tell the. Compiler to compile the Rust smart compiler to compile the Rust smart compiler to compile the Rust smart. Contracts into WASM. And the third contracts into WASM. And the third contracts into WASM. And the third. Command is going to install the Stellar command is going to install the Stellar command is going to install the Stellar. CLI. So, a little bit of a refresher CLI. So, a little bit of a refresher CLI. So, a little bit of a refresher. From the last session if you haven't from the last session if you haven't from the last session if you haven't. Already done this. , so you can already done this. , so you can already done this. , so you can. Actually scan the QR code at the bottom actually scan the QR code at the bottom actually scan the QR code at the bottom. Left right here as I stated earlier to left right here as I stated earlier to left right here as I stated earlier to. Kind of like help guide you along kind of like help guide you along kind of like help guide you along. Throughout this next 30 minutes to an throughout this next 30 minutes to an. Throughout this next 30 minutes to an hour or so. Hour or so. Hour or so. All right. Now, I'm going to make it All right. Now, I'm going to make it All right. Now, I'm going to make it. Aware that I can't see you guys in aware that I can't see you guys in aware that I can't see you guys in. The chat because I am using a thirdparty the chat because I am using a thirdparty. The chat because I am using a thirdparty app, but I'm going to go ahead and get app, but I'm going to go ahead and get. App, but I'm going to go ahead and get right into it. , so we're actually right into it. , so we're actually. Right into it. , so we're actually going to clone a pre-existing kind of going to clone a pre-existing kind of. Going to clone a pre-existing kind of like project. And for this we're going like project. And for this we're going. Like project. And for this we're going to run the command Stellar contract to run the command Stellar contract. To run the command Stellar contract init init init contract init. We're going to specify. Contract init. We're going to specify contract init. We're going to specify the directories here. Then we're going. The directories here. Then we're going the directories here. Then we're going to create a space. Then we're going to. To create a space. Then we're going to to create a space. Then we're going to say front end template and we're going. Say front end template and we're going say front end template and we're going to say https. Forward forward slash and we're going to forward forward slash and we're going to. Say github say github say github github.comstellar github.comstellar github.comstellar.  and we're going to say Soroban astro and we're going to say Soroban astro template. Cool. No demo effect today. As. Template. Cool. No demo effect today. As template. Cool. No demo effect today. As. You can see that went in to the you can see that went in to the you can see that went in to the. Directory that I'm working from. All directory that I'm working from. All directory that I'm working from. All. Right. So let's see what happened here. Right. So let's see what happened here. Right. So let's see what happened here. We are initializing the project at the We are initializing the project at the We are initializing the project at the. Root directory. we have a new cargo root directory. we have a new cargo root directory. we have a new cargo. Toml file which actually kind of like toml file which actually kind of like toml file which actually kind of like. Injects a compatible Soroban SDK into our injects a compatible Soroban SDK into our. Injects a compatible Soroban SDK into our project. Here we have example which project. Here we have example which. Project. Here we have example which we're going to need to edit a little we're going to need to edit a little. We're going to need to edit a little bit later. We have our source folder bit later. We have our source folder. Bit later. We have our source folder which has some components in it. Right. Which has some components in it. Right. Which has some components in it. Right. , you should see some things that , you should see some things that , you should see some things that. Maybe you recognize, maybe you don't. Maybe you recognize, maybe you don't. Maybe you recognize, maybe you don't. , you have this card file here, which , you have this card file here, which , you have this card file here, which. Is just basically like a cool little is just basically like a cool little is just basically like a cool little. Front-end component that you'll see a front-end component that you'll see a front-end component that you'll see a. Little bit later. , the the pages file little bit later. , the the pages file. Little bit later. , the the pages file here kind of like holds all the main here kind of like holds all the main. Here kind of like holds all the main logic that you'll be seeing a little logic that you'll be seeing a little. Logic that you'll be seeing a little bit later as well. , but yeah, so bit later as well. , but yeah, so. Bit later as well. , but yeah, so let's just go ahead and keep working let's just go ahead and keep working. Let's just go ahead and keep working through the tutorial here. So, first through the tutorial here. So, first. Through the tutorial here. So, first things first, we have this NV example things first, we have this NV example. Things first, we have this NV example file. Now you can either copy this over file. Now you can either copy this over. File. Now you can either copy this over and make a new one or just edit the and make a new one or just edit the. And make a new one or just edit the existing title to just say end. And existing title to just say end. And. Existing title to just say end. And we're going to change some of the we're going to change some of the. We're going to change some of the parameters here. So you see the parameters here. So you see the. Parameters here. So you see the standalone or the public sorbar network standalone or the public sorbar network. Standalone or the public sorbar network passphrase is actually going to target passphrase is actually going to target. Passphrase is actually going to target the standalone network. so we're the standalone network. so we're. The standalone network. so we're going to erase this value and we're going to erase this value and we're. Going to erase this value and we're going to go ahead and inject the Soraon going to go ahead and inject the Soraon. Going to go ahead and inject the Soraon endpoint here. So, public Soroban network endpoint here. So, public Soroban network. Endpoint here. So, public Soroban network passphrase or excuse me, not the Sorbon passphrase or excuse me, not the Sorbon. Passphrase or excuse me, not the Sorbon RP we won't be injecting the Sorbon RP we won't be injecting the Sorbon. RP we won't be injecting the Sorbon URL here, but the passphrase instead. URL here, but the passphrase instead. URL here, but the passphrase instead. So, we have test SDF network So, we have test SDF network So, we have test SDF network . September 2015 is the passphrase, this September 2015 is the passphrase, this September 2015 is the passphrase, this. Correct passphrase for testn net. Then correct passphrase for testn net. Then correct passphrase for testn net. Then. We're going to go ahead and change our we're going to go ahead and change our we're going to go ahead and change our. Public Soroban RPC URL to the correct public Soroban RPC URL to the correct public Soroban RPC URL to the correct. Endpoint here which is https endpoint here which is https endpoint here which is https. Semicolon/sorbond Okay. And we already have a Sorbon Okay. And we already have a Sorbon. Account called Alice and we're going to account called Alice and we're going to account called Alice and we're going to. just specify the network to be test just specify the network to be test just specify the network to be test. Net. All right. Net. All right. Net. All right. So let's go ahead and clear this out. So let's go ahead and clear this out. So let's go ahead and clear this out. All right. So, what do we have here? All right. So, what do we have here? All right. So, what do we have here? Okay. We're looking at our we're Okay. We're looking at our we're Okay. We're looking at our we're. Looking at our what's it called? Our looking at our what's it called? Our looking at our what's it called? Our. Project so far. And we've also updated project so far. And we've also updated project so far. And we've also updated. Our environment file. So, what we're our environment file. So, what we're our environment file. So, what we're. Going to do next is actually just going to do next is actually just going to do next is actually just. Install some of the dependencies. We're install some of the dependencies. We're install some of the dependencies. We're. Going to do that by running mpm install. Going to do that by running mpm install. Going to do that by running mpm install. All right. So, let's go ahead and take a All right. So, let's go ahead and take a. All right. So, let's go ahead and take a look at what's happening here. All look at what's happening here. All. Look at what's happening here. All right. So, nothing special here. We're right. So, nothing special here. We're. Right. So, nothing special here. We're just running mpm install installing just running mpm install installing. Just running mpm install installing the the dependencies for the project. The the dependencies for the project. The the dependencies for the project. Sorry. So, we're going to go ahead and Sorry. So, we're going to go ahead and Sorry. So, we're going to go ahead and. Run mpm run init for the next for the run mpm run init for the next for the. Run mpm run init for the next for the next step. And what this is going to do next step. And what this is going to do. Next step. And what this is going to do is it's actually going to run the is it's actually going to run the. Is it's actually going to run the initialize.js initialize.js initialize.js file. So, while this is loading,. File. So, while this is loading, file. So, while this is loading, let's just go ahead and kind of just. Let's just go ahead and kind of just let's just go ahead and kind of just like take a look at what's happening. Like take a look at what's happening like take a look at what's happening here. , all right. So, we're. Here. , all right. So, we're here. , all right. So, we're processing the public key, , right? Processing the public key, , right? Processing the public key, , right? And then we're actually going to use And then we're actually going to use And then we're actually going to use. That to deploy the, , the smart that to deploy the, , the smart that to deploy the, , the smart. Contract. So, we're going to use that as contract. So, we're going to use that as. Contract. So, we're going to use that as the signer, , to deploy to pay the fee. The signer, , to deploy to pay the fee the signer, , to deploy to pay the fee. For deploying the smart contract itself. For deploying the smart contract itself. For deploying the smart contract itself. All right. So, we're using the CLI All right. So, we're using the CLI All right. So, we're using the CLI. Command, , the Stellar CLI. All right. Command, , the Stellar CLI. All right. Command, , the Stellar CLI. All right. So, we're going to say we're going to So, we're going to say we're going to So, we're going to say we're going to. Generate a new account, which we defined generate a new account, which we defined. Generate a new account, which we defined here, right? Sorbon account equals here, right? Sorbon account equals. Here, right? Sorbon account equals Alice. So we're going to say Stellar Alice. So we're going to say Stellar. Alice. So we're going to say Stellar keys generate and then we're going to keys generate and then we're going to. Keys generate and then we're going to say Alice. But we've already done that. Say Alice. But we've already done that. Say Alice. But we've already done that. So you can think of this function So you can think of this function So you can think of this function. Here as kind of like recursively or here as kind of like recursively or here as kind of like recursively or. Redoing the step where we fund an redoing the step where we fund an redoing the step where we fund an. Account that we would pay for the account that we would pay for the account that we would pay for the. Deployment fees with. but we've deployment fees with. but we've deployment fees with. but we've. Already generated that. All right. And already generated that. All right. And already generated that. All right. And. Then we're going to build the files. Then we're going to build the files. Then we're going to build the files. Right. So what does that mean? We're Right. So what does that mean? We're Right. So what does that mean? We're. Going to use Stellar CLI contract build going to use Stellar CLI contract build going to use Stellar CLI contract build. Which is going to compile the the which is going to compile the the which is going to compile the the. Smart contract files right again in smart contract files right again in smart contract files right again in. Contract down to its WASM format. It's contract down to its WASM format. It's contract down to its WASM format. It's. Going to store it in the it's going going to store it in the it's going going to store it in the it's going. To store it in the target directory to store it in the target directory to store it in the target directory. Here. Next, it's going to use so here. Next, it's going to use so here. Next, it's going to use so. Stellar CLI contract deploy. It's going Stellar CLI contract deploy. It's going Stellar CLI contract deploy. It's going. To specify the WASM file, right? And to specify the WASM file, right? And to specify the WASM file, right? And. Then it's going to deploy that right then it's going to deploy that right then it's going to deploy that right. To test net. once it takes once it to test net. once it takes once it. To test net. once it takes once it deploys the contract to test net it's deploys the contract to test net it's. Deploys the contract to test net it's going to record the contract ID and then going to record the contract ID and then. Going to record the contract ID and then it's going to build the TypeScript it's going to build the TypeScript. It's going to build the TypeScript bindings. So you see here bindings. So you see here. Bindings. So you see here contract bindings TypeScript contract ID contract bindings TypeScript contract ID. Contract bindings TypeScript contract ID which is going to be the previous ID which is going to be the previous ID. Which is going to be the previous ID that was recorded and let me see if I that was recorded and let me see if I. That was recorded and let me see if I can get here just to the function can get here just to the function. Can get here just to the function itself. So you see CLI contract itself. So you see CLI contract. Itself. So you see CLI contract bindings TypeScript contract ID is going bindings TypeScript contract ID is going. Bindings TypeScript contract ID is going to be the ID we recorded and then it's to be the ID we recorded and then it's. To be the ID we recorded and then it's going to store that in the directory going to store that in the directory. Going to store that in the directory name which we've defined here in name which we've defined here in. Name which we've defined here in packages and just as a quick kind of packages and just as a quick kind of. Packages and just as a quick kind of overview you see this function bind all overview you see this function bind all. Overview you see this function bind all and there's also I think there is a and there's also I think there is a. and there's also I think there is a deploy all yep so you can have deploy all yep so you can have. Deploy all yep so you can have multiple projects within this directory multiple projects within this directory. Multiple projects within this directory for example you can import the for example you can import the. For example you can import the incrementer contract or incrementer incrementer contract or incrementer. Incrementer contract or incrementer project here. It'll actually compile project here. It'll actually compile. Project here. It'll actually compile that contract, deploy that as well, and that contract, deploy that as well, and. That contract, deploy that as well, and create the TypeScript bindings for that. Create the TypeScript bindings for that. Create the TypeScript bindings for that. But for this, we're going to just use But for this, we're going to just use But for this, we're going to just use. The Hello World the Hello World the Hello World the Hello World the Hello World the Hello World. Contract. All right. So, let's go ahead contract. All right. So, let's go ahead contract. All right. So, let's go ahead. And take a look at the source and take a look at the source and take a look at the source. the source directory here. And then the source directory here. And then the source directory here. And then. Let's take a look at the Astro page. Let's take a look at the Astro page. Let's take a look at the Astro page. Cool. So, let's just just go down from Cool. So, let's just just go down from Cool. So, let's just just go down from. Top to bottom. we see import card, top to bottom. we see import card, top to bottom. we see import card,. Right? And here's just like a simple right? And here's just like a simple right? And here's just like a simple . Kind of just card that that holds all of kind of just card that that holds all of. Kind of just card that that holds all of the data. just makes it easier to the data. just makes it easier to. The data. just makes it easier to like contain some of the data that like contain some of the data that. Like contain some of the data that we're trying to illustrate. Here we see we're trying to illustrate. Here we see. We're trying to illustrate. Here we see import hello world from contracts hello import hello world from contracts hello. Import hello world from contracts hello world. Now world. Now world. Now this part is pretty important because . This part is pretty important because this part is pretty important because . You see here that we're creating a you see here that we're creating a you see here that we're creating a. Client and we've defined this client client and we've defined this client client and we've defined this client. Using certain parameters. So like what using certain parameters. So like what using certain parameters. So like what. Exactly does that mean? Well, when we exactly does that mean? Well, when we exactly does that mean? Well, when we. Create a client, you can think of create a client, you can think of create a client, you can think of. This as creating like a smart contract this as creating like a smart contract this as creating like a smart contract. Object. when we created the object. when we created the object. when we created the. TypeScript bindings, we actually TypeScript bindings, we actually TypeScript bindings, we actually . Compiled that data to its own compiled that data to its own compiled that data to its own . Package, right? So what does that mean? Package, right? So what does that mean? Package, right? So what does that mean? Let's just go here into the package.json Let's just go here into the package.json. Let's just go here into the package.json file. You see workspaces packages, file. You see workspaces packages,. File. You see workspaces packages, right? And let's go back into the right? And let's go back into the. Right? And let's go back into the initialize.js file. , if you see here, initialize.js file. , if you see here,. Initialize.js file. , if you see here, contract bindings typescript output contract bindings typescript output. Contract bindings typescript output directory directory name is just going directory directory name is just going. Directory directory name is just going to be the name of the contract to be the name of the contract . To be the name of the contract packages and then alias. So you see here packages and then alias. So you see here. Packages and then alias. So you see here that we're ingesting the packages that we're ingesting the packages. That we're ingesting the packages directory. and what when you call the directory. and what when you call the. Directory. and what when you call the command contract bindings or Stellar command contract bindings or Stellar. Command contract bindings or Stellar contract bindings, you're creating contract bindings, you're creating. Contract bindings, you're creating ondemand npm packages for the smart ondemand npm packages for the smart. Ondemand npm packages for the smart contract itself. So let's go back into contract itself. So let's go back into. Contract itself. So let's go back into index contracts hello world import index contracts hello world import. index contracts hello world import any as the client or as client from any as the client or as client from. Any as the client or as client from hello world. Now let's dive into hello hello world. Now let's dive into hello. Hello world. Now let's dive into hello world itself. World itself. World itself. So you see here in pack in the packages So you see here in pack in the packages So you see here in pack in the packages. Directory under hello world in the directory under hello world in the directory under hello world in the . Dist directory. Let's just go down dist directory. Let's just go down dist directory. Let's just go down. Line by line and see exactly what's line by line and see exactly what's line by line and see exactly what's. Happening. you see some imports happening. you see some imports happening. you see some imports. Coming from the Stellar SDK. Well, coming from the Stellar SDK. Well, coming from the Stellar SDK. Well,. That's because you actually that's because you actually that's because you actually. you create your own node module sets you create your own node module sets you create your own node module sets. For the Stellar SD or for the smart for the Stellar SD or for the smart for the Stellar SD or for the smart. Contract here that should import the contract here that should import the contract here that should import the. Node modules from or the Stellar SDK node modules from or the Stellar SDK node modules from or the Stellar SDK. Node module. here you can see is node module. here you can see is node module. here you can see is. Clearly titled at Stellar/Stellar clearly titled at Stellar/Stellar clearly titled at Stellar/Stellar. SDK. SDK. SDK. A cool thing here is that it actually A cool thing here is that it actually A cool thing here is that it actually. Records the network data. So you see if records the network data. So you see if records the network data. So you see if. You're using test net as a as a point you're using test net as a as a point. You're using test net as a as a point of data for your for your syntax here. Of data for your for your syntax here of data for your for your syntax here. You can actually reference network you can actually reference network you can actually reference network. Passphrase and contract ID which we do passphrase and contract ID which we do passphrase and contract ID which we do. in the when we're creating the client in the when we're creating the client. in the when we're creating the client object object object and then moving forward you see that. And then moving forward you see that and then moving forward you see that we're defining all the functions here. We're defining all the functions here we're defining all the functions here along with the with the arguments. So. Along with the with the arguments. So along with the with the arguments. So. You see hello only contains one argument you see hello only contains one argument. You see hello only contains one argument which is two and it's defined as a which is two and it's defined as a. Which is two and it's defined as a string. So, this makes it really easy to string. So, this makes it really easy to. String. So, this makes it really easy to kind of just like create front-end kind of just like create front-end. Kind of just like create front-end components that leverage the the components that leverage the the. Components that leverage the the methods on these smart contracts methods on these smart contracts. Methods on these smart contracts themselves. the bindings function themselves. the bindings function. Themselves. the bindings function that comes with the Stellar CLI makes it that comes with the Stellar CLI makes it. That comes with the Stellar CLI makes it easy to transform the smart contracts easy to transform the smart contracts. Easy to transform the smart contracts over from Rust version over to the over from Rust version over to the. Over from Rust version over to the front-end version. after it converts the front-end version. after it converts the. Front-end version. after it converts the code to the JavaScript or TypeScript code to the JavaScript or TypeScript . Code to the JavaScript or TypeScript output, you also have these like output, you also have these like. Output, you also have these like backup or like the these supporting backup or like the these supporting. Backup or like the these supporting SDKs to communicate with the Stellar SDKs to communicate with the Stellar. SDKs to communicate with the Stellar blockchain all abstracted away from your blockchain all abstracted away from your. Blockchain all abstracted away from your development process, saving you a bunch development process, saving you a bunch. Development process, saving you a bunch of cycles. Long story short, it's a of cycles. Long story short, it's a. Of cycles. Long story short, it's a really good tool. I love it. I love really good tool. I love it. I love. Really good tool. I love it. I love using the Sorbon or Stellar smart using the Sorbon or Stellar smart. Using the Sorbon or Stellar smart contract bindings personally and contract bindings personally and . Contract bindings personally and yeah, it just really saves a lot of yeah, it just really saves a lot of. Yeah, it just really saves a lot of time. Time. Time. So let's do a recap of what happened So let's do a recap of what happened So let's do a recap of what happened. in in line four. We're importing in in line four. We're importing in in line four. We're importing. Hello world from contracts hello world. Hello world from contracts hello world. Hello world from contracts hello world. and here you could see that we're and here you could see that we're and here you could see that we're. Using the client to define hello world. Using the client to define hello world. Using the client to define hello world. Right? Let's dive into the hello world Right? Let's dive into the hello world Right? Let's dive into the hello world. directory a little bit. As you can directory a little bit. As you can directory a little bit. As you can. See here again we're we have our own see here again we're we have our own see here again we're we have our own. Node module for the smart contract and node module for the smart contract and node module for the smart contract and. It in it includes the Stellar SDK which it in it includes the Stellar SDK which it in it includes the Stellar SDK which. Is going to help communicate with the is going to help communicate with the is going to help communicate with the. Stellar blockchain. also contains Stellar blockchain. also contains Stellar blockchain. also contains. Information about the network. , and information about the network. , and information about the network. , and. Last but not least, it contains all the last but not least, it contains all the last but not least, it contains all the. Methods included in the hello world methods included in the hello world methods included in the hello world. Smart contract. All right, so let's go smart contract. All right, so let's go smart contract. All right, so let's go. Ahead and see how we're going to ahead and see how we're going to ahead and see how we're going to. Leverage this. So you see const result leverage this. So you see const result leverage this. So you see const result. Equals await hello world.hello. Equals await hello world.hello. Equals await hello world.hello. All right, so simple enough. We're All right, so simple enough. We're All right, so simple enough. We're. Awaiting a a function here and the awaiting a a function here and the awaiting a a function here and the. Method is hello. We're going to define method is hello. We're going to define method is hello. We're going to define. The the front end or we're going to find the the front end or we're going to find. The the front end or we're going to find the message as two. All right. So, we've. The message as two. All right. So, we've the message as two. All right. So, we've. Already run the we've already run the already run the we've already run the. Already run the we've already run the initialize function. So, let's go ahead initialize function. So, let's go ahead. Initialize function. So, let's go ahead and run mpm run. And we're going to say and run mpm run. And we're going to say. And run mpm run. And we're going to say dev. I think this is going to run the dev. I think this is going to run the. Dev. I think this is going to run the initialize function again. Right. 4321. Right. 4321. All right. All right. All right. Let me go ahead and drag this on over Let me go ahead and drag this on over Let me go ahead and drag this on over. Here. Make sure. Okay. Cool. Cool. So you guys Make sure. Okay. Cool. Cool. So you guys. Can see can see can see you guys should be able to see the you guys should be able to see the. You guys should be able to see the screen here. All right. So we see hello screen here. All right. So we see hello. Screen here. All right. So we see hello you. To get started open the directory you. To get started open the directory. You. To get started open the directory source pages page and tweak the welcome source pages page and tweak the welcome. Source pages page and tweak the welcome to Astro message above. I don't think to Astro message above. I don't think. To Astro message above. I don't think that really applies to us. So con result that really applies to us. So con result. That really applies to us. So con result equals await hello world. Hello to you. Equals await hello world. Hello to you. Equals await hello world. Hello to you. Let's say hello and world. An error occurred. Must be a host value. An error occurred. Must be a host value. So So So believe it was the exclamation mark. All believe it was the exclamation mark. All. Believe it was the exclamation mark. All right, cool. So we have hello world. So right, cool. So we have hello world. So. Right, cool. So we have hello world. So we're actually able to change that. we're actually able to change that. . We're actually able to change that. this is we're able to do this because this is we're able to do this because. This is we're able to do this because we're we're not actually making a call we're we're not actually making a call. We're we're not actually making a call to the back end. So, we're just using a to the back end. So, we're just using a. To the back end. So, we're just using a like we're just using a simple like we're just using a simple. Like we're just using a simple JavaScript kind of like manipulation and JavaScript kind of like manipulation and. JavaScript kind of like manipulation and we're able to see the changes we're able to see the changes. We're able to see the changes immediately thanks to Astro. so this immediately thanks to Astro. so this. Immediately thanks to Astro. so this is kind I don't know if this is exactly is kind I don't know if this is exactly. Is kind I don't know if this is exactly exclusive to Astro but this is like a exclusive to Astro but this is like a. Exclusive to Astro but this is like a way that you can easily test the way that you can easily test the. Way that you can easily test the outputs of your functions. For example, outputs of your functions. For example,. Outputs of your functions. For example, in this case, we we changed the hello in this case, we we changed the hello. In this case, we we changed the hello world call the two argument from world. World call the two argument from world. World call the two argument from world. We can even say like Stellar, We can even say like Stellar, We can even say like Stellar,. Right? So, it's a good way to test your right? So, it's a good way to test your right? So, it's a good way to test your. Functions on the front end. Very functions on the front end. Very functions on the front end. Very. Lightweight, doesn't involve any lightweight, doesn't involve any lightweight, doesn't involve any . Communication with the Stellar communication with the Stellar communication with the Stellar. Blockchain, right? So, that's a quick blockchain, right? So, that's a quick blockchain, right? So, that's a quick. Intro, but let's take it a step further intro, but let's take it a step further intro, but let's take it a step further. Because that's not all we want to do because that's not all we want to do because that's not all we want to do. Here, right? , we actually want to here, right? , we actually want to here, right? , we actually want to. Take this a step further first by seeing take this a step further first by seeing. Take this a step further first by seeing if we can read some wallet data. So, I'm. If we can read some wallet data. So, I'm if we can read some wallet data. So, I'm. Going to open up Frraider. All right. Going to open up Frraider. All right. Going to open up Frraider. All right. So, you can see I'm connected to the So, you can see I'm connected to the So, you can see I'm connected to the. Test net. You can see my address is test net. You can see my address is test net. You can see my address is . G75ZKTV. G75ZKTV. G75ZKTV. Okay, cool. So, let's go ahead and see Okay, cool. So, let's go ahead and see Okay, cool. So, let's go ahead and see. How we can connect our wallet data to how we can connect our wallet data to. How we can connect our wallet data to the front end here. , and we're going the front end here. , and we're going. The front end here. , and we're going to use Freighter. To use Freighter. To use Freighter. So, first things first, we're actually So, first things first, we're actually So, first things first, we're actually. Going to install the dependency. I don't going to install the dependency. I don't. Going to install the dependency. I don't think we have it yet. We're going to say. Think we have it yet. We're going to say think we have it yet. We're going to say. Mpm install@Stellar mpm install@Stellar mpm install@Stellar for slash freighter API. For slash freighter API. For slash freighter API.    And here we're going to create a And here we're going to create a. And here we're going to create a component. We're going to call this component. We're going to call this. Component. We're going to call this connect. And oops, connect. And we're connect. And oops, connect. And we're. Connect. And oops, connect. And we're going to one last time connect freighter and. One last time connect freighter and we're going to say dot astro. And for we're going to say dot astro. And for. We're going to say dot astro. And for this we're going to create a couple of this we're going to create a couple of. This we're going to create a couple of things. We're going to create a div and things. We're going to create a div and. Things. We're going to create a div and then we're going to give it a style and then we're going to give it a style and. Then we're going to give it a style and then we're going to give it a script. Then we're going to give it a script. Then we're going to give it a script. So, we're going to say we're going to So, we're going to say we're going to So, we're going to say we're going to. Say div and we're going to say id equals and we're going to say id equals freighter. Equals freighter. Equals freighter. Wrap and we're going to say All right, stick with me y'all. Class All right, stick with me y'all. Class. And we're going to say equals. Let's see if co-pilot saves me here. Let's see if co-pilot saves me here. We're gonna say Arya live We're gonna say Arya live We're gonna say Arya live equals and we're gonna say. Equals and we're gonna say equals and we're gonna say live. Live. Live. Cool. We're going to close that div out or We're going to close that div out or we're going to keep that div open. We're going to keep that div open. We're going to keep that div open. Actually, we're not going to close that Actually, we're not going to close that Actually, we're not going to close that. Out yet. And here we're going to give out yet. And here we're going to give out yet. And here we're going to give. Another div. We're going to say div div div class class and we're going to say class class and we're going to say. Class class and we're going to say ellipses ellipses ellipses here. We're going to close this out. Here. We're going to close this out. Here. We're going to close this out. Then we're going to say Then we're going to say Then we're going to say we're going to say button. we're going to say button. we're going to say button. Yeah, let's close that out. I'm going to Yeah, let's close that out. I'm going to. Yeah, let's close that out. I'm going to say say say data data data connect Arya. Connect Arya connect Arya controls controls controls area controls and we're going to say. Area controls and we're going to say area controls and we're going to say equals equals. Equals freighter freighter wrap freighter wrap connect connect connect and it should say button. And it should say button. And it should say button. This needs to be in quotes. This needs to be in quotes. This needs to be in quotes. Should be good so far. Cool. So, we're Should be good so far. Cool. So, we're Should be good so far. Cool. So, we're. Going to create some some divs here, going to create some some divs here, going to create some some divs here,. And we're going to get set up with our and we're going to get set up with our and we're going to get set up with our. Our kind of like environment, if you our kind of like environment, if you our kind of like environment, if you. Will, our front-end environment for will, our front-end environment for will, our front-end environment for. Hosting the little area that we will hosting the little area that we will hosting the little area that we will. Contain the the wallet information contain the the wallet information. Contain the the wallet information in. So, let's go ahead and give this a in. So, let's go ahead and give this a. In. So, let's go ahead and give this a style real quick. So, let's say style style real quick. So, let's say style. Style real quick. So, let's say style and we're going to want a wrap, right? And we're going to want a wrap, right? And we're going to want a wrap, right? Going to say wrap. And we're going to Going to say wrap. And we're going to Going to say wrap. And we're going to. Say say say text align. Text align. Text align. Text align. And sure, why not give it a Text align. And sure, why not give it a Text align. And sure, why not give it a. Center text align? That's cool. We're center text align? That's cool. We're center text align? That's cool. We're. Going to close this out here. And we going to close this out here. And we going to close this out here. And we. Need to bring this down. Need to bring this down. Need to bring this down. Bring this down a little bit. Okay. Bring this down a little bit. Okay. Bring this down a little bit. Okay. Okay. And then we're going to give the Okay. And then we're going to give the Okay. And then we're going to give the. Ellipsus ellipsus ellipsus the ellipsus a some values here. the ellipsus a some values here. the ellipsus a some values here. And we're going to edit the line height. Line height is going to be about 2.7 Line height is going to be about 2.7 . And here we're going to say margin. This and here we're going to say margin. This. And here we're going to say margin. This is going to be auto. Is going to be auto. Is going to be auto. And here we're going to say max width And here we're going to say max width And here we're going to say max width. Equals 12mm. Equals 12mm. Equals 12mm. Here we're going to say overflow is Here we're going to say overflow is Here we're going to say overflow is. Hidden. Hidden. Hidden. Here we're going to say text overflow text overflow and we're going to say text overflow and we're going to say. Ellipses and we're going to say text ellipses and we're going to say text ellipses and we're going to say text. Align align align and text align equals center. And last and text align equals center. And last. And text align equals center. And last but la not least but we're going to say but la not least but we're going to say. But la not least but we're going to say whites space no wrap. All right. So now whites space no wrap. All right. So now. Whites space no wrap. All right. So now we've got our style defined. Let's keep we've got our style defined. Let's keep. We've got our style defined. Let's keep on moving forward. , thanks for on moving forward. , thanks for. On moving forward. , thanks for sticking with me so far. Let's go ahead sticking with me so far. Let's go ahead. Sticking with me so far. Let's go ahead and define this script. All right, and define this script. All right,. And define this script. All right, so we're going to get into some of the so we're going to get into some of the. So we're going to get into some of the logic behind using the or some logic logic behind using the or some logic. Logic behind using the or some logic that involves using the freighter that involves using the freighter. That involves using the freighter API. So, first things first, we're going API. So, first things first, we're going. API. So, first things first, we're going to go and define this the imports that to go and define this the imports that. To go and define this the imports that we need. So, we're going to say import we need. So, we're going to say import. We need. So, we're going to say import and we're going to say we need is and we're going to say we need is. And we're going to say we need is allowed, we need allowed, we need get allowed, we need allowed, we need get. Allowed, we need allowed, we need get user info. User info. User info. All right, let's go ahead and dive into All right, let's go ahead and dive into All right, let's go ahead and dive into. some what this one actually means. some what this one actually means. some what this one actually means. So, here is where you're going to get So, here is where you're going to get So, here is where you're going to get. The public key from the Freigher API. The public key from the Freigher API. The public key from the Freigher API. So, you actually have to have Freigher So, you actually have to have Freigher So, you actually have to have Freigher. Installed on your local machine on in installed on your local machine on in. Installed on your local machine on in your browser for this to work. , and your browser for this to work. , and. Your browser for this to work. , and you can actually do that by visiting the you can actually do that by visiting the. You can actually do that by visiting the Freigher website. , there should be Freigher website. , there should be. Freigher website. , there should be some download links to quickly add it to some download links to quickly add it to. Some download links to quickly add it to Chrome. But here is the function that's Chrome. But here is the function that's. Chrome. But here is the function that's going to get the public key that we will going to get the public key that we will. Going to get the public key that we will be using to we're going to be using be using to we're going to be using. Be using to we're going to be using this function to show the public key on this function to show the public key on. This function to show the public key on the front end of the DAP. All right. So, the front end of the DAP. All right. So,. The front end of the DAP. All right. So, now that we have that imported, let's go. Now that we have that imported, let's go now that we have that imported, let's go. Ahead and keep moving forward. So we ahead and keep moving forward. So we ahead and keep moving forward. So we. Have const wrap equals equals have const wrap equals equals have const wrap equals equals. Document get element by id and no we're document get element by id and no we're document get element by id and no we're. Just going to say query selector just going to say query selector just going to say query selector . We're going to say we're going to say we're going to say query selector freighter wrap. We. Query selector freighter wrap. We query selector freighter wrap. We actually want the to be hashtag right. Actually want the to be hashtag right actually want the to be hashtag right there. Okay cool. we're going to say. There. Okay cool. we're going to say there. Okay cool. we're going to say const button query selector data. Const button query selector data const button query selector data connect. Here we're going to say const. Connect. Here we're going to say const connect. Here we're going to say const we're going to say const ellipsis. we're going to say const ellipsis we're going to say const ellipsis equals we're going to say document. We're going to say document and for this we're actually going to say and for this we're actually going to say. And for this we're actually going to say document as well document query query document as well document query query. Document as well document query query selector ellipsis selector ellipsis selector ellipsis. Ellipses we're going to say ellipses we're going to say ellipses we're going to say. At at at freigher rap at freigher rap and ellipses. Cool. All at freigher rap and ellipses. Cool. All. Right. So, we have our wrap defined, our right. So, we have our wrap defined, our. Right. So, we have our wrap defined, our ellipses defined, and our button ellipses defined, and our button. Ellipses defined, and our button defined. , let's go ahead and get into defined. , let's go ahead and get into. Defined. , let's go ahead and get into defining some of these functions here. Defining some of these functions here. Defining some of these functions here. We're going to say async function, , We're going to say async function, , We're going to say async function, ,. Get pk get pk. It's going to take in any get pk get pk. It's going to take in any. Get pk get pk. It's going to take in any arguments. , let's go ahead and see arguments. , let's go ahead and see. Arguments. , let's go ahead and see what what is here for us from from what what is here for us from from. What what is here for us from from copilot. This is definitely not right. Copilot. This is definitely not right. Copilot. This is definitely not right. , but very close. So, we're going to , but very close. So, we're going to , but very close. So, we're going to. Say const say const say const and we're going to say and we're going to say and we're going to say. Public key await user info. Too easy. Public key await user info. Too easy. Public key await user info. Too easy. And we're going to return the public And we're going to return the public And we're going to return the public. Key. All right. Now, we're going to say key. All right. Now, we're going to say key. All right. Now, we're going to say. AC function AC function AC function and we're going to say set logged. And we're going to say set logged. And we're going to say set logged. Set Set Set set logged in. Okay. And we're going set logged in. Okay. And we're going. set logged in. Okay. And we're going to take in one argument. That's going to to take in one argument. That's going to. To take in one argument. That's going to be the public key. Be the public key. Be the public key. Public key is going to be a string. Public key is going to be a string. Public key is going to be a string. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Set logged in. Public key is All right. Set logged in. Public key is All right. Set logged in. Public key is. Going to be of the type string. Now, going to be of the type string. Now, going to be of the type string. Now,. We're going to define some of the we're going to define some of the we're going to define some of the . Functions here. Functions here. Functions here. We're going to say the inner html is We're going to say the inner html is We're going to say the inner html is. Going to be going to say signed in as going to be going to say signed in as. Going to be going to say signed in as right. Right. Right. [Applause] [Applause] [Applause] why not? We're going to say signed in why not? We're going to say signed in. why not? We're going to say signed in with and we're going to define this with and we're going to define this. With and we're going to define this value here as the public key value. Is value here as the public key value. Is. Value here as the public key value. Is that not correct? signed in with and that not correct? signed in with and. That not correct? signed in with and then oh I need to close this out. Too then oh I need to close this out. Too. Then oh I need to close this out. Too easy. Using the wrong kind. There we go. Using the wrong kind. There we go. Cool. Wrap. Okay. Okay. And then we have Cool. Wrap. Okay. Okay. And then we have. Cool. Wrap. Okay. Okay. And then we have here we're going to say here we're going to say . Here we're going to say ellipsis ellipsis ellipsis title and we're going to say equals. Title and we're going to say equals title and we're going to say equals public key. Cool. Ellipsis html ellipsis. Public key. Cool. Ellipsis html ellipsis public key. Cool. Ellipsis html ellipsis. Enter html ellip oops enter html ellip oops enter html ellip oops ellipsis. Set title. Set title. Do we not have this? Ellipsus ellip ellip ellipsus. Sorry y'all. Quick spell ellipsus. Sorry y'all. Quick spell. Ellipsus. Sorry y'all. Quick spell check. Going to fix some stuff here. Check. Going to fix some stuff here. Check. Going to fix some stuff here. Ellipsis. All right. What do we got here? What do All right. What do we got here? What do we got here? Div class. Why is this failing? Lift this title Why is this failing? Lift this title public key. Public key. Public key. All right, let's just move forward All right, let's just move forward All right, let's just move forward. Because I did have some errors earlier because I did have some errors earlier because I did have some errors earlier. That I was just kind of working that I was just kind of working that I was just kind of working. Through. So, let's say but these errors did not affect but these errors did not affect . The output. let's let's just see what the output. let's let's just see what. The output. let's let's just see what happens. Let's keep working through it happens. Let's keep working through it. Happens. Let's keep working through it and see what happens. So, as you can see and see what happens. So, as you can see. And see what happens. So, as you can see here, Copilot has created a handy dandy here, Copilot has created a handy dandy. Here, Copilot has created a handy dandy function to complete the script. We're function to complete the script. We're. Function to complete the script. We're going to say is if is allowed is going to say is if is allowed is. Going to say is if is allowed is true. We're going to say we're going true. We're going to say we're going. True. We're going to say we're going to set the constant. We're going to set to set the constant. We're going to set. To set the constant. We're going to set the public key to the public key to the public key to. Con public key. We're going to await con public key. We're going to await con public key. We're going to await. That. We're going to get the public key that. We're going to get the public key that. We're going to get the public key. There. We're going to say if there. We're going to say if there. We're going to say if. If public key we're going to say set if public key we're going to say set if public key we're going to say set. Logged in to the public key value or logged in to the public key value or logged in to the public key value or. Else we're going to we're going to wrap else we're going to we're going to wrap else we're going to we're going to wrap. The inner html and we're going to say the inner html and we're going to say . The inner html and we're going to say freighter is locked. So freighter is locked. So. Freighter is locked. So let's just go ahead and do this here. Let's just go ahead and do this here. Let's just go ahead and do this here.    If public key set public key logged in If public key set public key logged in. If public key set public key logged in and we're going to say and we're going to say. And we're going to say here you can just kind of go in with here you can just kind of go in with. Here you can just kind of go in with astro and just type in the turnary astro and just type in the turnary. Astro and just type in the turnary statement itself. You say else statement itself. You say else. Statement itself. You say else wrap enter html. Sure. We'll say error wrap enter html. Sure. We'll say error. Wrap enter html. Sure. We'll say error getting public key. Why not? Okay. If getting public key. Why not? Okay. If. Getting public key. Why not? Okay. If public key and we're going to say set public key and we're going to say set. Public key and we're going to say set set logged in public key html. Okay. Set logged in public key html. Okay. Set logged in public key html. Okay. Okay. And then we're going to say else Okay. And then we're going to say else Okay. And then we're going to say else. here we're going to say here we're going to say here we're going to say yeah. So we have some some good legs to. Yeah. So we have some some good legs to yeah. So we have some some good legs to stand on here. We have button add event. Stand on here. We have button add event stand on here. We have button add event listener right click async function. Listener right click async function. Listener right click async function. That's true. This is all good. I'll That's true. This is all good. I'll That's true. This is all good. I'll. Just get rid of this. Just get rid of this. Just get rid of this. Maybe that wasn't as good as I thought. Maybe that wasn't as good as I thought. Maybe that wasn't as good as I thought. Button add event listener. And let's say Button add event listener. And let's say. Button add event listener. And let's say going to disable that button. equals true. Kind of want that button equals true. Kind of want that button. To disappear real quick. then we want to disappear real quick. then we want. To disappear real quick. then we want to say await to say await to say await set allowed. Then we want the constant. Set allowed. Then we want the constant set allowed. Then we want the constant public key to to be u to be the return. Public key to to be u to be the return public key to to be u to be the return data of the function that we call. Data of the function that we call data of the function that we call earlier. And we're going to say set. Earlier. And we're going to say set earlier. And we're going to say set logged in public key. All right. So we. Logged in public key. All right. So we logged in public key. All right. So we should be all cleaned up here. All right. All right. And again, I am having some issues on my And again, I am having some issues on my. And again, I am having some issues on my side with the like the the errors and. Side with the like the the errors and side with the like the the errors and. Things like that, things like that, things like that, but let's just go ahead and see if this. But let's just go ahead and see if this but let's just go ahead and see if this runs anyway. All right. So, let's go. Runs anyway. All right. So, let's go runs anyway. All right. So, let's go ahead and run dev one more time. Thank you all so much for being here thank you all so much for being here with me. , and thanks for for hanging. With me. , and thanks for for hanging with me. , and thanks for for hanging out. I know these things kind of like. Out. I know these things kind of like out. I know these things kind of like run on sometimes. I never expect them to. Run on sometimes. I never expect them to run on sometimes. I never expect them to. Go as long as they do, but they always go as long as they do, but they always go as long as they do, but they always. Exceed my expectations. , and let's exceed my expectations. , and let's exceed my expectations. , and let's. See. Let's see what happened here. See. Let's see what happened here. See. Let's see what happened here. All right, let's go. 4 3 2 1. Doesn't All right, let's go. 4 3 2 1. Doesn't All right, let's go. 4 3 2 1. Doesn't. Look like that was implemented because look like that was implemented because look like that was implemented because. We never went to the index page. Right. We never went to the index page. Right. We never went to the index page. Right. So, next up, we have to actually import So, next up, we have to actually import So, next up, we have to actually import. Our connect our connect freighter our connect our connect freighter our connect our connect freighter. Button. So, let's say import button. So, let's say import button. So, let's say import. And we'll say connect freighter from and we'll say connect freighter from and we'll say connect freighter from. Components connect freighter.astro. Components connect freighter.astro. Components connect freighter.astro. And we're going to just kind of like And we're going to just kind of like And we're going to just kind of like. Plug this in somewhere. plug this in somewhere. plug this in somewhere. I don't know. We'll plug it in right. I don't know. We'll plug it in right I don't know. We'll plug it in right here. We'll say connect freighter. Very. Here. We'll say connect freighter. Very here. We'll say connect freighter. Very cool. Greeting. All right. So, you. Cool. Greeting. All right. So, you cool. Greeting. All right. So, you should see signed in as GA75F. Should see signed in as GA75F. Should see signed in as GA75F. Again, let's go ahead and see exactly Again, let's go ahead and see exactly Again, let's go ahead and see exactly. What's happening here. Connect what's happening here. Connect what's happening here. Connect. Freighter. Again, you see in the script freighter. Again, you see in the script freighter. Again, you see in the script. Side, we're importing is allowed, set side, we're importing is allowed, set. Side, we're importing is allowed, set allowed, and get user info. the way allowed, and get user info. the way. Allowed, and get user info. the way that we're illustrating or like showing that we're illustrating or like showing. That we're illustrating or like showing the public key is that we're saying the public key is that we're saying . The public key is that we're saying this async function set logged in. We're this async function set logged in. We're. This async function set logged in. We're saying that inner HTML is going to be saying that inner HTML is going to be. Saying that inner HTML is going to be the public key, right? And all the the public key, right? And all the. The public key, right? And all the public key is is the function get user public key is is the function get user. Public key is is the function get user info. All right, so that's a little bit info. All right, so that's a little bit. Info. All right, so that's a little bit about defining the functions on the about defining the functions on the. About defining the functions on the right using Astro to kind of demonstrate right using Astro to kind of demonstrate. Right using Astro to kind of demonstrate demonstrate some some calls, right? demonstrate some some calls, right? demonstrate some some calls, right? Without calling the blockchain and then without calling the blockchain and then without calling the blockchain and then. Also integrating Freigher Stellar's also integrating Freigher Stellar's also integrating Freigher Stellar's. Kind of like primary wallet. Well, kind of like primary wallet. Well, kind of like primary wallet. Well,. Stellar doesn't have a primary wallet, Stellar doesn't have a primary wallet, Stellar doesn't have a primary wallet,. So to speak, but the in-house developed so to speak, but the in-house developed so to speak, but the in-house developed. Wallet, Frraider. this we went over wallet, Frraider. this we went over wallet, Frraider. this we went over. How to connect that to the front end how to connect that to the front end how to connect that to the front end. Itself, and we see that being reflected itself, and we see that being reflected itself, and we see that being reflected. Here. All right, so you guys have been here. All right, so you guys have been here. All right, so you guys have been. With me for about 30 minutes. but with me for about 30 minutes. but with me for about 30 minutes. but. We're going to keep it going. All right, we're going to keep it going. All right,. We're going to keep it going. All right, we're going to we're going to keep the we're going to we're going to keep the. We're going to we're going to keep the session going. As I said, every time I session going. As I said, every time I. Session going. As I said, every time I do one of these, I kind of like do one of these, I kind of like . Do one of these, I kind of like exceeds my expectations. So, we're going exceeds my expectations. So, we're going. Exceeds my expectations. So, we're going to switch gears a little bit. We're to switch gears a little bit. We're. To switch gears a little bit. We're actually going to go to a more advanced actually going to go to a more advanced. Actually going to go to a more advanced smart contract kind of like smart contract kind of like. smart contract kind of like undertaking, if you will. Undertaking, if you will. Undertaking, if you will. And what we're going to do is I'm going And what we're going to do is I'm going And what we're going to do is I'm going. To share with you the Sora or Stellar, to share with you the Sora or Stellar, to share with you the Sora or Stellar,. Excuse me, example DAP. So, let's say excuse me, example DAP. So, let's say. Excuse me, example DAP. So, let's say Stellar Stellar Stellar Stellar. Stellar Stellar [Applause] [Applause] [Applause] example DAP. All right. And I'll just do a quick All right. And I'll just do a quick little note. Little note little note note bash.sh. All right. So, if you want to clone the All right. So, if you want to clone the example dab, all you have to do is run. Example dab, all you have to do is run example dab, all you have to do is run get clone and you're going to say this. Get clone and you're going to say this get clone and you're going to say this guy right here. Guy right here. Guy right here. I don't have the I don't have the I don't have the I don't have the I don't have the I don't have the. Link handy. , but you can clone the link handy. , but you can clone the link handy. , but you can clone the. Example DAP by going to this going to example DAP by going to this going to. Example DAP by going to this going to this link right here. This link right here. This link right here. And I guess I could show you guys what's And I guess I could show you guys what's. And I guess I could show you guys what's going on. All right. Here's the Sorbon example All right. Here's the Sorbon example DAP. , you could see that it has a. DAP. , you could see that it has a DAP. , you could see that it has a readme. It needs to be updated actually,. Readme. It needs to be updated actually, readme. It needs to be updated actually,. But it's a full stack boilerplate DAP but it's a full stack boilerplate DAP but it's a full stack boilerplate DAP. That we aim for you guys to use this to that we aim for you guys to use this to that we aim for you guys to use this to. Create your own crowdfund applications. Create your own crowdfund applications. Create your own crowdfund applications. It's got a a bunch of use cases It's got a a bunch of use cases It's got a a bunch of use cases. Particular to public goods funding particular to public goods funding particular to public goods funding. And we'll see how we can kind of and we'll see how we can kind of and we'll see how we can kind of. Tweak this to aim it towards a project tweak this to aim it towards a project tweak this to aim it towards a project. Outside of the original use case which outside of the original use case which outside of the original use case which. Is to raise money for an art is to raise money for an art is to raise money for an art. Distribution and we'll see what we distribution and we'll see what we distribution and we'll see what we. Could do here. So without further ado, could do here. So without further ado, could do here. So without further ado,. Let's just go ahead and kind of like let's just go ahead and kind of like let's just go ahead and kind of like. Dive into it. Again, if you're dive into it. Again, if you're dive into it. Again, if you're. Interested in following along, you can interested in following along, you can interested in following along, you can. Run the command get clone and then run the command get clone and then run the command get clone and then. Plug in the link here. And if you want plug in the link here. And if you want plug in the link here. And if you want. To just check out the repo, you can to just check out the repo, you can to just check out the repo, you can. Check it out at the Stellar check it out at the Stellar check it out at the Stellar. Repo/sorabondex repo/sorabondex repo/sorabondex example DAP. Example DAP. Example DAP. All right. Now, this is one of my All right. Now, this is one of my All right. Now, this is one of my. Favorite DAPs because it's one of the favorite DAPs because it's one of the favorite DAPs because it's one of the. DAPs that I learned very early on. so DAPs that I learned very early on. so. DAPs that I learned very early on. so I hope my enthusiasm spills over and I hope my enthusiasm spills over and. I hope my enthusiasm spills over and through the airwaves, so to speak. And through the airwaves, so to speak. And. Through the airwaves, so to speak. And yeah, hope you guys learned something yeah, hope you guys learned something. yeah, hope you guys learned something today. So let's go ahead and dive right today. So let's go ahead and dive right. Today. So let's go ahead and dive right in with the smart contract. First things in with the smart contract. First things. In with the smart contract. First things first, you see some attributes you may first, you see some attributes you may. First, you see some attributes you may be familiar with from the last session. Be familiar with from the last session. Be familiar with from the last session. Contract, contract implementation Contract, contract implementation Contract, contract implementation. Is a new one. Contract type is a new one is a new one. Contract type is a new one. Is a new one. Contract type is a new one maybe token address and into val maybe token address and into val. Maybe token address and into val and then vow. So, we'll explain we'll and then vow. So, we'll explain we'll. And then vow. So, we'll explain we'll dive into these as we go through the dive into these as we go through the. Dive into these as we go through the contract, but I may gloss over a few contract, but I may gloss over a few. Contract, but I may gloss over a few things for the sake of time. Things for the sake of time. Things for the sake of time. Here you see the public enumeration data Here you see the public enumeration data. Here you see the public enumeration data key and this is where you're going to key and this is where you're going to. Key and this is where you're going to hold a bulk of the keys for the contract hold a bulk of the keys for the contract. Hold a bulk of the keys for the contract storage. remember as from the last storage. remember as from the last. Storage. remember as from the last session, each key has a value and each session, each key has a value and each. Session, each key has a value and each value is defined as a certain type. value is defined as a certain type. . Value is defined as a certain type. deadline, recipient started, target deadline, recipient started, target. Deadline, recipient started, target token, user address, and recipient token, user address, and recipient. Token, user address, and recipient claimed are our keys. And we'll go claimed are our keys. And we'll go. Claimed are our keys. And we'll go ahead and we'll go ahead and see what ahead and we'll go ahead and see what. Ahead and we'll go ahead and see what different types belong to these different types belong to these. Different types belong to these values a little bit later. moving on, values a little bit later. moving on,. Values a little bit later. moving on, you see that we have the state of the you see that we have the state of the. You see that we have the state of the smart contract here and it's just going smart contract here and it's just going. Smart contract here and it's just going to be defined by three values, running, to be defined by three values, running,. To be defined by three values, running, success, and expired. Success, and expired. Success, and expired. Now, let me do a quick backtrack. I know Now, let me do a quick backtrack. I know. Now, let me do a quick backtrack. I know I said that this example DAP was for a I said that this example DAP was for a. I said that this example DAP was for a crowdfunding application and it is. crowdfunding application and it is. . Crowdfunding application and it is. so some of the components behind the so some of the components behind the. So some of the components behind the smart contract are that it has a smart contract are that it has a. Smart contract are that it has a deadline for the campaign to run. It has deadline for the campaign to run. It has. Deadline for the campaign to run. It has a recipient to receive the deposits a recipient to receive the deposits. A recipient to receive the deposits for the campaign, the crowdfund for the campaign, the crowdfund. For the campaign, the crowdfund campaign. the token that it's going campaign. the token that it's going. Campaign. the token that it's going to it's going to receive for to it's going to receive for. To it's going to receive for contributions. It's going to keep track contributions. It's going to keep track. Contributions. It's going to keep track of the users that contributed. And then of the users that contributed. And then. Of the users that contributed. And then it's going to give some boolean values it's going to give some boolean values. It's going to give some boolean values of whether or not the target has been of whether or not the target has been. Of whether or not the target has been reached, if the recipient claimed, etc. Reached, if the recipient claimed, etc. Reached, if the recipient claimed, etc. And these states define the or this And these states define the or this And these states define the or this. Enumeration defines the state of the enumeration defines the state of the enumeration defines the state of the. Campaign. So it can be either running, campaign. So it can be either running, campaign. So it can be either running,. It can be successful, if it didn't reach it can be successful, if it didn't reach. It can be successful, if it didn't reach the target, then it will be expired. The target, then it will be expired. The target, then it will be expired. All right. So we have our getter and All right. So we have our getter and All right. So we have our getter and . We have our getter functions here, also we have our getter functions here, also we have our getter functions here, also. Known as utility functions. they're known as utility functions. they're known as utility functions. they're. Just retrieving certain data here. You just retrieving certain data here. You just retrieving certain data here. You. See that we're retrieving data from the see that we're retrieving data from the see that we're retrieving data from the. Ledger. we're getting the time stamp ledger. we're getting the time stamp ledger. we're getting the time stamp. And here you see that we're just and here you see that we're just and here you see that we're just. Retrieving the value for it for retrieving the value for it for retrieving the value for it for. Some of the keys. All right. So these some of the keys. All right. So these some of the keys. All right. So these. Are our getter functions and we also are our getter functions and we also are our getter functions and we also. Have our setter functions which are have our setter functions which are have our setter functions which are. Mostly defined here but they're mostly defined here but they're mostly defined here but they're. Called actually in the initialize called actually in the initialize called actually in the initialize. Function. Function. Function. All right. So let's go ahead and take a All right. So let's go ahead and take a All right. So let's go ahead and take a. Look at the initialize function. Look at the initialize function. Look at the initialize function. You see public function initialize You see public function initialize You see public function initialize. Passing in the recipient u value which passing in the recipient u value which passing in the recipient u value which. Is an address deadline value which is a is an address deadline value which is a is an address deadline value which is a. U64 target amount which is going to be U64 target amount which is going to be U64 target amount which is going to be. The amount that you want to get into the the amount that you want to get into the. The amount that you want to get into the deposit or get into the campaign via deposit or get into the campaign via. Deposit or get into the campaign via deposits. the token address which the deposits. the token address which the. Deposits. the token address which the address of the token that's being address of the token that's being. Address of the token that's being transferred from the depositor wallet to transferred from the depositor wallet to. Transferred from the depositor wallet to the crowdfund contract. The crowdfund contract. The crowdfund contract. All right. All right. All right. All right. So, let's go ahead and All right. So, let's go ahead and All right. So, let's go ahead and . Let's go ahead and just step right let's go ahead and just step right let's go ahead and just step right. Through. So, first things first, we're through. So, first things first, we're through. So, first things first, we're. Going to assert that the storage the going to assert that the storage the going to assert that the storage the. Contract storage does not already have a contract storage does not already have a. Contract storage does not already have a recipient because if it does, that would. Recipient because if it does, that would recipient because if it does, that would. Say or that would tell the user that say or that would tell the user that say or that would tell the user that. This contract is already initialized. This contract is already initialized. This contract is already initialized. Contract can't be initialized. If you Contract can't be initialized. If you Contract can't be initialized. If you. Want to call the initialize function, want to call the initialize function, want to call the initialize function,. We're just going through our setters we're just going through our setters we're just going through our setters. Here. You see esto storage instance set here. You see esto storage instance set here. You see esto storage instance set. And we're setting values to all all of and we're setting values to all all of and we're setting values to all all of. Those keys. you see recipient those keys. you see recipient those keys. you see recipient. Recipient claimed started deadline recipient claimed started deadline recipient claimed started deadline. Target and token. All of these keys are target and token. All of these keys are target and token. All of these keys are. being attached values that we're being attached values that we're being attached values that we're. Passing in through the initialize passing in through the initialize passing in through the initialize. Function. Cool. Good to go there. and function. Cool. Good to go there. and. Function. Cool. Good to go there. and this smart contract actually consists of. This smart contract actually consists of this smart contract actually consists of. Two other functions that are kind of two other functions that are kind of two other functions that are kind of. Like the crux of the functionality like the crux of the functionality like the crux of the functionality. Behind this entire contract success behind this entire contract success behind this entire contract success. Really. So this is the deposit function really. So this is the deposit function really. So this is the deposit function. Takes in two arguments user and takes in two arguments user and takes in two arguments user and. Amount. Now I want to quickly highlight amount. Now I want to quickly highlight amount. Now I want to quickly highlight. On line 218 you see user.require off. On line 218 you see user.require off. On line 218 you see user.require off. Now, one cool thing about Sorbon the Now, one cool thing about Sorbon the Now, one cool thing about Sorbon the. Sorbon Rust dialect is that we actually Sorbon Rust dialect is that we actually Sorbon Rust dialect is that we actually. Have an authorization framework kind have an authorization framework kind have an authorization framework kind. Of installed or implemented rather in of installed or implemented rather in of installed or implemented rather in. The Sorbon SDK. so what does this the Sorbon SDK. so what does this the Sorbon SDK. so what does this. Mean? This means that the user has to mean? This means that the user has to mean? This means that the user has to. Have the address that is making the have the address that is making the have the address that is making the. Call. If I am user A, I can't pass in call. If I am user A, I can't pass in call. If I am user A, I can't pass in. Address B for this call. And this address B for this call. And this address B for this call. And this. Require off method ensures that the require off method ensures that the require off method ensures that the. Wallet being used to make the call is wallet being used to make the call is wallet being used to make the call is. Actually is actually the one making the actually is actually the one making the actually is actually the one making the. Call. This cannot be another wallet's call. This cannot be another wallet's call. This cannot be another wallet's. Address. All right. So, a simple way to address. All right. So, a simple way to address. All right. So, a simple way to. Assert that the wallet making the call assert that the wallet making the call assert that the wallet making the call. is using the same value as the is using the same value as the is using the same value as the. Address. All right. So, you you're address. All right. So, you you're address. All right. So, you you're. Saying the assertion here, the amount saying the assertion here, the amount saying the assertion here, the amount. Has to be higher than zero. Too easy. has to be higher than zero. Too easy. . Has to be higher than zero. Too easy. we're doing some other checks here we're doing some other checks here. We're doing some other checks here stating that the campaign is still stating that the campaign is still. Stating that the campaign is still running. The sale isn't running. Can't running. The sale isn't running. Can't. Running. The sale isn't running. Can't make a deposit. Make a deposit. Make a deposit. all right. So next up, let's take a all right. So next up, let's take a all right. So next up, let's take a. Look at some more interesting logic look at some more interesting logic look at some more interesting logic. Here. we're getting the user deposit here. we're getting the user deposit here. we're getting the user deposit. Balance, etc. But let's take a look at balance, etc. But let's take a look at balance, etc. But let's take a look at. Line 230. So you see line 230 let client line 230. So you see line 230 let client. Line 230. So you see line 230 let client equal token client new equal token client new. equal token client new sorry where was I sorry where was I sorry where was I. See let client equal token client new see let client equal token client new see let client equal token client new. Where was I okay let client token client where was I okay let client token client. Where was I okay let client token client new environment and then token ID all. New environment and then token ID all new environment and then token ID all. Right so this is cool because you see right so this is cool because you see right so this is cool because you see. Token right and this is actually a token right and this is actually a token right and this is actually a. Crate that is implemented into the crate that is implemented into the crate that is implemented into the. Sorbon SDK that allows users to kind of Sorbon SDK that allows users to kind of Sorbon SDK that allows users to kind of. Leverage this this functionality as an leverage this this functionality as an leverage this this functionality as an. Interface. So you see token right that's interface. So you see token right that's. Interface. So you see token right that's the SDK that is the that's that's the. The SDK that is the that's that's the the SDK that is the that's that's the. Logic behind the token contract the logic behind the token contract the logic behind the token contract the. Sorbon or Stellar token contract you see Soroban or Stellar token contract you see. Sorbon or Stellar token contract you see this client here which allows you to this client here which allows you to. This client here which allows you to kind of create like an interface to lay kind of create like an interface to lay. Kind of create like an interface to lay over a contract address new obviously over a contract address new obviously. Over a contract address new obviously creating a new one and we're laying creating a new one and we're laying. Creating a new one and we're laying the token interface over the token ID the token interface over the token ID. The token interface over the token ID so we're going to call different so we're going to call different. So we're going to call different functions via this token interface at functions via this token interface at. Functions via this token interface at a different address so we're actually a different address so we're actually. A different address so we're actually going to be making a crosscontract call. Going to be making a crosscontract call. Going to be making a crosscontract call. Cool. Now you see client transfer, Cool. Now you see client transfer, Cool. Now you see client transfer,. Right? And we're transferring from the right? And we're transferring from the right? And we're transferring from the. User to the current contract address and user to the current contract address and. User to the current contract address and the amount. next you see contract the amount. next you see contract. The amount. next you see contract balance. Get the balance. and then balance. Get the balance. and then. Balance. Get the balance. and then we're emitting a amount pledge we're emitting a amount pledge. We're emitting a amount pledge amount changed event here. All right. So amount changed event here. All right. So. Amount changed event here. All right. So that's simple enough. That's the deposit. That's simple enough. That's the deposit that's simple enough. That's the deposit. Function. Now let's go ahead and move function. Now let's go ahead and move function. Now let's go ahead and move. Into the withdraw function. Again, we're into the withdraw function. Again, we're. Into the withdraw function. Again, we're we're defining the state and recipient we're defining the state and recipient. We're defining the state and recipient doing some checks here and saying, doing some checks here and saying,. doing some checks here and saying, "Hey, if this sale is still running or "Hey, if this sale is still running or. "Hey, if this sale is still running or if the campaign is still running, cannot if the campaign is still running, cannot. If the campaign is still running, cannot make a withdrawal." Again, we're doing make a withdrawal." Again, we're doing. Make a withdrawal." Again, we're doing the client or we're defining the token the client or we're defining the token. The client or we're defining the token here, calling transfer on the token here, calling transfer on the token. Here, calling transfer on the token transferring it from the recipient or transferring it from the recipient or. transferring it from the recipient or transferring it from the crowdfund transferring it from the crowdfund. Transferring it from the crowdfund contract address right over to the contract address right over to the. Contract address right over to the recipient address. And yeah, moving recipient address. And yeah, moving. Recipient address. And yeah, moving forward, we're going to set the smart forward, we're going to set the smart. Forward, we're going to set the smart contract storage set user deposited contract storage set user deposited. Contract storage set user deposited to zero. all deposits across all to zero. all deposits across all . To zero. all deposits across all excuse me, deposits across the smart excuse me, deposits across the smart. Excuse me, deposits across the smart contract storage should be reset back to contract storage should be reset back to. Contract storage should be reset back to zero. and the events will be emitted zero. and the events will be emitted. Zero. and the events will be emitted to reflect the changes that were just to reflect the changes that were just. to reflect the changes that were just made. Made. Made. All right, cool. So, let's go ahead and All right, cool. So, let's go ahead and All right, cool. So, let's go ahead and. See how this works in action. , one see how this works in action. , one see how this works in action. , one. Cool thing about this repo is that it cool thing about this repo is that it cool thing about this repo is that it. Comes set up with some really easy to comes set up with some really easy to comes set up with some really easy to. Follow directions. , let's go ahead follow directions. , let's go ahead follow directions. , let's go ahead. And dive into the package.json file. And dive into the package.json file. And dive into the package.json file. Here you could see that there is a reset Here you could see that there is a reset. Here you could see that there is a reset function that's going to run mpm run function that's going to run mpm run. Function that's going to run mpm run clean and npm run setup. If we look at clean and npm run setup. If we look at. Clean and npm run setup. If we look at mpm run setup, all that's going to do is mpm run setup, all that's going to do is. Mpm run setup, all that's going to do is run the initialize.s sh script. Run the initialize.s sh script. Run the initialize.s sh script. So, I'm going to go ahead and dive into So, I'm going to go ahead and dive into So, I'm going to go ahead and dive into. The initialize.sh script or initialize the initialize.sh script or initialize the initialize.sh script or initialize. Shell script rather and just kind of shell script rather and just kind of shell script rather and just kind of. Break down what's going on here. First break down what's going on here. First break down what's going on here. First. Things first, we're going to define a things first, we're going to define a things first, we're going to define a. Path, a new path for a binary file. Path, a new path for a binary file. Path, a new path for a binary file. That's because we're actually going to That's because we're actually going to That's because we're actually going to. Be installing the Stellar CLI as a be installing the Stellar CLI as a be installing the Stellar CLI as a. Binary file within the project directory binary file within the project directory. Binary file within the project directory itself. That way you can leverage a itself. That way you can leverage a. Itself. That way you can leverage a pinned version of the Stellar CLI to pinned version of the Stellar CLI to. Pinned version of the Stellar CLI to make sure that the that the kind of make sure that the that the kind of. Make sure that the that the kind of tutorial if you will or deployment of tutorial if you will or deployment of. Tutorial if you will or deployment of all smart contracts and front end of the all smart contracts and front end of the. All smart contracts and front end of the DAP does not fail. It must be pinned to DAP does not fail. It must be pinned to. DAP does not fail. It must be pinned to a certain version that is compatible a certain version that is compatible. A certain version that is compatible with the Stellar or the Sorbon SDK with the Stellar or the Sorbon SDK. With the Stellar or the Sorbon SDK rather. All right. So you see in setup rather. All right. So you see in setup. Rather. All right. So you see in setup we are running the initialize.sh file. We are running the initialize.sh file. We are running the initialize.sh file. again let's go ahead and dive back again let's go ahead and dive back again let's go ahead and dive back. Into that. Into that. Into that. Where are we at? Initialize.sh. All Where are we at? Initialize.sh. All Where are we at? Initialize.sh. All. Right. So that's where we were. line right. So that's where we were. line right. So that's where we were. line. Nine, we're defining the binary path nine, we're defining the binary path nine, we're defining the binary path. File. that's because we're going to file. that's because we're going to file. that's because we're going to. Use the Stellar CLI as a binary, right? Use the Stellar CLI as a binary, right? Use the Stellar CLI as a binary, right? We'll kind of like gloss over this a We'll kind of like gloss over this a We'll kind of like gloss over this a. Little bit. just know that it is little bit. just know that it is little bit. just know that it is. Stationed in the target bin stationed in the target bin stationed in the target bin . Directory. Cool. And that's going to run directory. Cool. And that's going to run. Directory. Cool. And that's going to run cargo installer, which is again going to. Cargo installer, which is again going to cargo installer, which is again going to. Install a pinned version of the Stellar install a pinned version of the Stellar install a pinned version of the Stellar. CLI. CLI. CLI. Real quick. We're going to be able to real quick. We're going to be able to real quick. We're going to be able to. Pass in some values when making the pass in some values when making the pass in some values when making the. Call. if you look at here, we're call. if you look at here, we're call. if you look at here, we're. Saying initialize saying initialize saying initialize shell and then we're defining the. Shell and then we're defining the shell and then we're defining the network as test net. excuse me. The. Network as test net. excuse me. The network as test net. excuse me. The script here makes it super easy by . Script here makes it super easy by script here makes it super easy by allowing us to type in the value. Allowing us to type in the value allowing us to type in the value standalone futureet or testn net and. Standalone futureet or testn net and standalone futureet or testn net and we'll kind of have these preconfigured. We'll kind of have these preconfigured we'll kind of have these preconfigured values for the endpoint and. Values for the endpoint and values for the endpoint and appropriate RPC host URLs defined in. Appropriate RPC host URLs defined in appropriate RPC host URLs defined in the script. So when you pass in the. The script. So when you pass in the the script. So when you pass in the argument standalone future or testn net,. Argument standalone future or testn net, argument standalone future or testn net,. It'll quickly plug those arguments in it'll quickly plug those arguments in it'll quickly plug those arguments in. And define that for you to save you time and define that for you to save you time. And define that for you to save you time a little bit later. All right, a little bit later. All right,. A little bit later. All right, we're defining a network by using the we're defining a network by using the . We're defining a network by using the RPC URL and passphrase. And here we're RPC URL and passphrase. And here we're. RPC URL and passphrase. And here we're actually going to write some of the actually going to write some of the. Actually going to write some of the data, the deployment data to a folder data, the deployment data to a folder. Data, the deployment data to a folder in the directory called sorbomb. All in the directory called sorbomb. All. In the directory called sorbomb. All right, so that's all that's happening right, so that's all that's happening. Right, so that's all that's happening there. Here on line 87, we're generating there. Here on line 87, we're generating. There. Here on line 87, we're generating a new identity called token admin by a new identity called token admin by. A new identity called token admin by using Stellar keys. if the Stellar using Stellar keys. if the Stellar. Using Stellar keys. if the Stellar token admin identity already exists, token admin identity already exists,. Token admin identity already exists, we're going to skip over this. But if we're going to skip over this. But if. We're going to skip over this. But if not, we're going to generate a new not, we're going to generate a new. Not, we're going to generate a new identity using the keys method again. Identity using the keys method again. Identity using the keys method again. Stellar keys generate token admin and Stellar keys generate token admin and Stellar keys generate token admin and. We're going to do that on the test we're going to do that on the test we're going to do that on the test. Network. All right, so I'm going to network. All right, so I'm going to network. All right, so I'm going to. Start moving through a little bit faster start moving through a little bit faster. Start moving through a little bit faster because we are reaching about 15 because we are reaching about 15. Because we are reaching about 15 minutes out from the hour. So hang in minutes out from the hour. So hang in. Minutes out from the hour. So hang in there. All right. So, we're defining the there. All right. So, we're defining the. There. All right. So, we're defining the Stellar keys address as the token admin Stellar keys address as the token admin. Stellar keys address as the token admin was it called token admin identity was it called token admin identity. was it called token admin identity we just created through the Stellar keys. We just created through the Stellar keys we just created through the Stellar keys. Generate method. we're funding that generate method. we're funding that generate method. we're funding that. this this should actually this is this this should actually this is this this should actually this is. Redundant because we actually fund it redundant because we actually fund it redundant because we actually fund it. When calling the generate method. Next when calling the generate method. Next when calling the generate method. Next. Up, we're deploying the abundance token up, we're deploying the abundance token up, we're deploying the abundance token. Which is just a Soroban token. We use which is just a Soroban token. We use which is just a Soroban token. We use. This as a mock token for this as a mock token for this as a mock token for. Demonstrating a mint and deposit demonstrating a mint and deposit demonstrating a mint and deposit. Capabilities. after this so we deploy capabilities. after this so we deploy. Capabilities. after this so we deploy both the abundance token so random both the abundance token so random. Both the abundance token so random Soroban mock token and the crowdfund ID Soroban mock token and the crowdfund ID. Sorbon mock token and the crowdfund ID or excuse me the crowdfund smart or excuse me the crowdfund smart. Or excuse me the crowdfund smart contract. This kicks back a crowdfund ID contract. This kicks back a crowdfund ID. Contract. This kicks back a crowdfund ID which we then use later to generate which we then use later to generate. which we then use later to generate TypeScript bindings. all right so we TypeScript bindings. all right so we. TypeScript bindings. all right so we got some messages here some success got some messages here some success. Got some messages here some success messages that kick back the ID and then messages that kick back the ID and then. Messages that kick back the ID and then we write that ID to a directory we write that ID to a directory. We write that ID to a directory calledsorbon. Calledsorbon. Calledsorbon. Last but not least, at the very end of Last but not least, at the very end of Last but not least, at the very end of. The script, we initialize the abundance the script, we initialize the abundance the script, we initialize the abundance. Token. We give the name abundance a token. We give the name abundance a token. We give the name abundance a. New symbol, set the decimal places, give new symbol, set the decimal places, give. New symbol, set the decimal places, give it give it the name abundance, and it give it the name abundance, and. It give it the name abundance, and then we set the admin as the new then we set the admin as the new. Then we set the admin as the new identity we just recently generated. Identity we just recently generated. Identity we just recently generated. After this, finally, last but not least, After this, finally, last but not least,. After this, finally, last but not least, we initialize the crowdfund contract. We. We initialize the crowdfund contract. We we initialize the crowdfund contract. We. Set a deadline for about one 86,400 set a deadline for about one 86,400 set a deadline for about one 86,400. Seconds is one week from now. and we say seconds is one week from now. and we say. Seconds is one week from now. and we say Stellar contract invoke and we're Stellar contract invoke and we're. Stellar contract invoke and we're calling the initialize function. Calling the initialize function. Calling the initialize function. So going through the setter functions So going through the setter functions So going through the setter functions. Again you we're setting the recipient again you we're setting the recipient again you we're setting the recipient. Key as the admin address that's the key as the admin address that's the key as the admin address that's the. Value setting the value of the key value setting the value of the key value setting the value of the key. Deadline as the deadline value target deadline as the deadline value target deadline as the deadline value target. Amount key will be set to the value of I amount key will be set to the value of I. Amount key will be set to the value of I think this is 10,000 or 1,000 tokens I think this is 10,000 or 1,000 tokens I. Think this is 10,000 or 1,000 tokens I believe and the token is going to be the believe and the token is going to be the. Believe and the token is going to be the abundance token that we just deployed. Abundance token that we just deployed. Abundance token that we just deployed. So, I say all that to say this. Let's go So, I say all that to say this. Let's go. So, I say all that to say this. Let's go ahead and run mpm run reset and we'll. Ahead and run mpm run reset and we'll ahead and run mpm run reset and we'll. Just go ahead and see what happens here. Just go ahead and see what happens here. Just go ahead and see what happens here. By the way, thank you so much for By the way, thank you so much for By the way, thank you so much for. Sticking with me thus far. I know sticking with me thus far. I know sticking with me thus far. I know. These sessions can be quite long, but these sessions can be quite long, but . These sessions can be quite long, but I'm really hoping that you guys are I'm really hoping that you guys are. I'm really hoping that you guys are learning a lot and again really happy learning a lot and again really happy. Learning a lot and again really happy that you guys are sticking with me that you guys are sticking with me. That you guys are sticking with me throughout this journey. , throughout this journey. ,. Throughout this journey. , real quick, I kind of wanted to do a a a real quick, I kind of wanted to do a a a. Real quick, I kind of wanted to do a a a re a recap over the freighter re a recap over the freighter. Re a recap over the freighter connection kind of lesson here. Connection kind of lesson here. Connection kind of lesson here. So, if you remember we in we So, if you remember we in we So, if you remember we in we. Implemented freighter through the implemented freighter through the implemented freighter through the. Following ways, right? we actually following ways, right? we actually following ways, right? we actually. Used the method get user info, right? Used the method get user info, right? Used the method get user info, right? So, if you remember, we use get get user So, if you remember, we use get get user. So, if you remember, we use get get user info and we return the public key. Info and we return the public key. Info and we return the public key. That's exactly what we're doing in this That's exactly what we're doing in this That's exactly what we're doing in this. Application here. We go to the wallet application here. We go to the wallet application here. We go to the wallet. Data component. You see use account data component. You see use account data component. You see use account. And use is mounted. And use is mounted. And use is mounted. Now wallet data is going to use both of Now wallet data is going to use both of Now wallet data is going to use both of. These hooks. But if we go back into use these hooks. But if we go back into use these hooks. But if we go back into use. Accounting accounting accounting at the end of the day is using get user at the end of the day is using get user. At the end of the day is using get user info right from the Stellar API and then info right from the Stellar API and then. Info right from the Stellar API and then return returning these objects. So return returning these objects. So. Return returning these objects. So that's how we're able to use the that's how we're able to use the. That's how we're able to use the that's how we're able to use freighter that's how we're able to use freighter. That's how we're able to use freighter to return the public key. To return the public key. To return the public key. And let's go ahead and dive into some And let's go ahead and dive into some. And let's go ahead and dive into some of the main functionalities of the of the main functionalities of the. Of the main functionalities of the front-end components that require front-end components that require. Front-end components that require some of the logic from Freigher to sign some of the logic from Freigher to sign. Some of the logic from Freigher to sign some transactions. Some transactions. Some transactions. yeah, let's go ahead and do that yeah, let's go ahead and do that yeah, let's go ahead and do that. Right now. Right now. Right now. So if we look at the form pledge, I So if we look at the form pledge, I So if we look at the form pledge, I. Believe form pledge believe form pledge believe form pledge Is this it? Yes. We look at the form. Is this it? Yes. We look at the form Is this it? Yes. We look at the form pledge component here. this is. Pledge component here. this is pledge component here. this is actually going going to contain a button. Actually going going to contain a button actually going going to contain a button. that's going to allow us to mint the that's going to allow us to mint the that's going to allow us to mint the. Abundance token. So again that mock abundance token. So again that mock abundance token. So again that mock. Token that we're using this is how token that we're using this is how token that we're using this is how. We're going to access the mint function. We're going to access the mint function. We're going to access the mint function. So if you see on click async set So if you see on click async set So if you see on click async set. Submitting equals true const transaction submitting equals true const transaction. Submitting equals true const transaction again equals await abundance mint and again equals await abundance mint and. Again equals await abundance mint and again we're able to do this because again we're able to do this because . Again we're able to do this because when we create typescript bindings we're when we create typescript bindings we're. When we create typescript bindings we're creating node modules for our smart creating node modules for our smart. Creating node modules for our smart contracts right so the abundance smart contracts right so the abundance smart. Contracts right so the abundance smart contract has the method mint which we're contract has the method mint which we're. Contract has the method mint which we're able to leverage because of the able to leverage because of the. Able to leverage because of the typescript bindings again they have the typescript bindings again they have the. Typescript bindings again they have the SDKs installed on the back end on the SDKs installed on the back end on the. SDKs installed on the back end on the back side of of the node modules and back side of of the node modules and. Back side of of the node modules and they're able to communicate with the they're able to communicate with the. They're able to communicate with the Stellar blockchain by kind of Stellar blockchain by kind of. Stellar blockchain by kind of creating the the calls by hand using creating the the calls by hand using. Creating the the calls by hand using JavaScript all to abstract away JavaScript all to abstract away. JavaScript all to abstract away development cycles for you and save you development cycles for you and save you. Development cycles for you and save you time. All right, so we have two which is time. All right, so we have two which is. Time. All right, so we have two which is the account and then amount. and then. The account and then amount. and then the account and then amount. and then. We're defining the public key as the we're defining the public key as the we're defining the public key as the. Public key that's returned by freighter. Public key that's returned by freighter. Public key that's returned by freighter. and this is the key that we're using and this is the key that we're using and this is the key that we're using. To sign. To sign. To sign. All right. And that logic continues with All right. And that logic continues with. All right. And that logic continues with both with both calls. So you see, let. Both with both calls. So you see, let both with both calls. So you see, let. Me try to track this down real quick. So me try to track this down real quick. So. Me try to track this down real quick. So that was the mint function. And now you that was the mint function. And now you. That was the mint function. And now you should see the deposit function, right? Should see the deposit function, right? Should see the deposit function, right? Crowdfund. Let's just go ahead and do a Crowdfund. Let's just go ahead and do a Crowdfund. Let's just go ahead and do a. Quick search. Deposits is not in this quick search. Deposits is not in this quick search. Deposits is not in this. One. Deposits one. Deposits one. Deposits for molecules. Deposit deposit transaction set balance prop address. Transaction set balance prop address form pledge. We should see a deposit form pledge. We should see a deposit. Form pledge. We should see a deposit function in here. Function in here. Function in here. Yep. So transaction fund deposit. and Yep. So transaction fund deposit. and. Yep. So transaction fund deposit. and then we're going to pass in the user and. Then we're going to pass in the user and then we're going to pass in the user and. The amount. Same as before, we're the amount. Same as before, we're the amount. Same as before, we're. Calling the public key or await public calling the public key or await public calling the public key or await public. Get public key method to pretty much get public key method to pretty much get public key method to pretty much. Pass in the serer there. and that's pass in the serer there. and that's pass in the serer there. and that's. Going to be because of freighter. So going to be because of freighter. So going to be because of freighter. So. We're going to say mpm rundev. Let's we're going to say mpm rundev. Let's we're going to say mpm rundev. Let's. Hope everything works. Hope everything works. Hope everything works. I'm hoping. one more one second real quick. Let one more one second real quick. Let me go ahead and I actually have to run. Me go ahead and I actually have to run me go ahead and I actually have to run contract bindings. All right. So here we have to run yarn All right. So here we have to run yarn run and say bindings. Okay. Okay. So, one quick hiccup here. During the So, one quick hiccup here. During the . So, one quick hiccup here. During the the deployment process when we ran the deployment process when we ran. The deployment process when we ran initialize, it actually didn't run the initialize, it actually didn't run the. Initialize, it actually didn't run the binding script. just full binding script. just full. Binding script. just full transparency, we're going to be transparency, we're going to be. Transparency, we're going to be deploying this to versel. And there is a deploying this to versel. And there is a. Deploying this to versel. And there is a quick issue with the original quick issue with the original . Quick issue with the original package.json file that comes with the package.json file that comes with the. Package.json file that comes with the pre-install command. Now, this pre-install command. Now, this. Pre-install command. Now, this pre-install command will actually build pre-install command will actually build. Pre-install command will actually build the TypeScript bindings for you. , the TypeScript bindings for you. ,. The TypeScript bindings for you. , which is required for the front-end which is required for the front-end. Which is required for the front-end deployment. So, I deleted that call and deployment. So, I deleted that call and. Deployment. So, I deleted that call and that's kind of like why we're seeing that's kind of like why we're seeing. That's kind of like why we're seeing that error here because there's no that error here because there's no. That error here because there's no TypeScript bindings for the abundance TypeScript bindings for the abundance. TypeScript bindings for the abundance contract. But, let's go ahead and run contract. But, let's go ahead and run. Contract. But, let's go ahead and run this dev function again and see if this dev function again and see if. This dev function again and see if that worked. It should work. Okay, Okay, that was very close. , good thing the that was very close. , good thing the. That was very close. , good thing the demo effect did not get us today. Demo effect did not get us today. Demo effect did not get us today. All right, and you can see my wallet All right, and you can see my wallet All right, and you can see my wallet. Address here. , this means that address here. , this means that address here. , this means that. Freighter is hooked into or the freighter is hooked into or the freighter is hooked into or the. Freighter API is hooked into the freighter API is hooked into the freighter API is hooked into the. Front-end component. , so this is front-end component. , so this is front-end component. , so this is. Refle reflecting properly. Let's go refle reflecting properly. Let's go refle reflecting properly. Let's go. Ahead and try this mint. Okay. So, ahead and try this mint. Okay. So, ahead and try this mint. Okay. So,. Freigher actually doesn't allow Freigher actually doesn't allow Freigher actually doesn't allow . Websites that don't have an SSL websites that don't have an SSL websites that don't have an SSL. Certificate to make calls. So, what we certificate to make calls. So, what we certificate to make calls. So, what we. Have to do here is we have to transfer have to do here is we have to transfer have to do here is we have to transfer. This over to a production a this over to a production a this over to a production a. Production type of deployment. So, stick production type of deployment. So, stick. Production type of deployment. So, stick with me here. With me here. With me here. What we're going to do is we're going to What we're going to do is we're going to. What we're going to do is we're going to remove the target rm. RF target. Remove the target rm. RF target. Remove the target rm. RF target. All right. So we're going to move the All right. So we're going to move the All right. So we're going to move the. Target directory target directory target directory and we're going to use Verscell to. And we're going to use Verscell to and we're going to use Verscell to deploy the the front end. So I. Deploy the the front end. So I deploy the the front end. So I already have Verscell on my machine. . Already have Verscell on my machine. already have Verscell on my machine. but if you don't, you'd have to run MPM. But if you don't, you'd have to run MPM but if you don't, you'd have to run MPM I Verscell or MPMI-G. I Verscell or MPMI-G I Verscell or MPMI-G to install Versel globally. to install Versel globally. to install Versel globally. Now I'll just quickly run Verscell. I Now I'll just quickly run Verscell. I Now I'll just quickly run Verscell. I. Have it installed globally. Here we're have it installed globally. Here we're have it installed globally. Here we're. Going to in set up and deploy this going to in set up and deploy this going to in set up and deploy this. App here. We can say yes. App here. We can say yes. App here. We can say yes. Yep. I don't want to link to a project. Yep. I don't want to link to a project. Yep. I don't want to link to a project. I don't want to link to an existing I don't want to link to an existing I don't want to link to an existing. Project. I'm going to give this a new project. I'm going to give this a new project. I'm going to give this a new. Name. We're going to say u Soroban name. We're going to say u Soroban name. We're going to say u Soroban. Example DAP. So said and we're going to example DAP. So said and we're going to example DAP. So said and we're going to. Say 07. Yeah, for July. So said07. Say 07. Yeah, for July. So said07. Say 07. Yeah, for July. So said07. We're going to go ahead and deploy this. We're going to go ahead and deploy this. We're going to go ahead and deploy this. Set up the project here. All right, we don't want to modify any All right, we don't want to modify any of these settings. So, we'll say no. And. Of these settings. So, we'll say no. And of these settings. So, we'll say no. And. We're going to go ahead and wait for we're going to go ahead and wait for we're going to go ahead and wait for. This deployment to kind of build and be this deployment to kind of build and be this deployment to kind of build and be. Set up to production. All right, just kind of waiting for a All right, just kind of waiting for a quick sec. Quick sec. Quick sec. I do want to open this up to the side to I do want to open this up to the side to. I do want to open this up to the side to make sure that there's no problems. Make sure freigher is logged in. All Make sure freigher is logged in. All right, we're logged in. G7 CKTV. All right, so the deployment is ready. All right, so the deployment is ready. It did not crash. It did not crash. It did not crash. And we can actually you can actually And we can actually you can actually And we can actually you can actually. Access it through this URL here. Access it through this URL here. Access it through this URL here. So I'll I'll be happy to share that. So I'll I'll be happy to share that. So I'll I'll be happy to share that. Let's go ahead and connect wallet. All Let's go ahead and connect wallet. All Let's go ahead and connect wallet. All. Right. So, first time connecting to a right. So, first time connecting to a right. So, first time connecting to a. Website. Freigher is going to send this website. Freigher is going to send this website. Freigher is going to send this. Popup and say, "Hey, do you trust this popup and say, "Hey, do you trust this popup and say, "Hey, do you trust this. Website?" I'm going to go ahead and website?" I'm going to go ahead and website?" I'm going to go ahead and. Connect it. , I did click connect, but connect it. , I did click connect, but. Connect it. , I did click connect, but it doesn't look like it was updated. So,. It doesn't look like it was updated. So, it doesn't look like it was updated. So,. I'll do a quick refresh. You could see I'll do a quick refresh. You could see I'll do a quick refresh. You could see. My public key being illustrated here, my public key being illustrated here,. My public key being illustrated here, being displayed here. I'm going to go being displayed here. I'm going to go. Being displayed here. I'm going to go ahead and click the mint 100 abundance ahead and click the mint 100 abundance. Ahead and click the mint 100 abundance token button. All right. And look at token button. All right. And look at. Token button. All right. And look at that fee. 189. All right. So Stellar is that fee. 189. All right. So Stellar is. That fee. 189. All right. So Stellar is about 0.1 cents right now, right? So 10 about 0.1 cents right now, right? So 10. About 0.1 cents right now, right? So 10 cents. and 0.1 I mean you got to cents. and 0.1 I mean you got to. Cents. and 0.1 I mean you got to imagine that is such a low fee. and imagine that is such a low fee. and. Imagine that is such a low fee. and that that can really help out that that can really help out . That that can really help out startups and just users in general, startups and just users in general,. Startups and just users in general, right? Why charge users an arm and a leg right? Why charge users an arm and a leg. Right? Why charge users an arm and a leg for fees? All right, so that call went for fees? All right, so that call went. For fees? All right, so that call went through and you can see that the balance through and you can see that the balance. Through and you can see that the balance has been updated to 100 abundance has been updated to 100 abundance. Has been updated to 100 abundance tokens. , so that was the mint tokens. , so that was the mint. Tokens. , so that was the mint function. And again, just quick recap function. And again, just quick recap. Function. And again, just quick recap because I'm super proud of this. , we because I'm super proud of this. , we. Because I'm super proud of this. , we went through the mint function earlier, went through the mint function earlier,. Went through the mint function earlier, right? Mint function. We'll say, , right? Mint function. We'll say, ,. Right? Mint function. We'll say, , where are we here? Amount input pledge. Where are we here? Amount input pledge. Where are we here? Amount input pledge. I'm so hyped. I can't even remember I'm so hyped. I can't even remember I'm so hyped. I can't even remember. Where we were. , okay. So, amount where we were. , okay. So, amount where we were. , okay. So, amount. Inputs, inputs, inputs, author info button, connect button, author info button, connect button,. Author info button, connect button, deposits, right? Whoops. So, let's just say mint. Whoops. So, let's just say mint. All right. All right. All right. So, here we are in the form pledge. So, here we are in the form pledge. So, here we are in the form pledge. Excuse me, everyone. But again, so Excuse me, everyone. But again, so Excuse me, everyone. But again, so. Again, I was super excited. Couldn't again, I was super excited. Couldn't again, I was super excited. Couldn't. Figure out where we were in the code, figure out where we were in the code, figure out where we were in the code,. But this is where we want to be. Line 49 but this is where we want to be. Line 49. But this is where we want to be. Line 49 in the form pledge file into the in the form pledge file into the. In the form pledge file into the molecules directory. You see con molecules directory. You see con. Molecules directory. You see con transaction equals await abundance mint. Transaction equals await abundance mint. Transaction equals await abundance mint. And that's what we called right from the And that's what we called right from the. And that's what we called right from the front end when we called the mint front end when we called the mint. Front end when we called the mint function. Right from here, this is all function. Right from here, this is all. Function. Right from here, this is all the logic that happened. We passed in the logic that happened. We passed in. The logic that happened. We passed in the account which was determined by the account which was determined by. The account which was determined by connecting with freighter and the amount connecting with freighter and the amount. Connecting with freighter and the amount which is predetermined within the which is predetermined within the . Which is predetermined within the which is predetermined within the which is predetermined within the. Which is predetermined within the code itself. So we're just we're just code itself. So we're just we're just. Code itself. So we're just we're just saying the amount is going to be 100. Saying the amount is going to be 100. Saying the amount is going to be 100. All right. So, All right. So, All right. So, now that we have 100 abundance tokens in. Now that we have 100 abundance tokens in now that we have 100 abundance tokens in. Our balance, go ahead and back this our balance, go ahead and back this our balance, go ahead and back this. Project with 100 abundance tokens, let's project with 100 abundance tokens, let's. Project with 100 abundance tokens, let's go ahead and review the call. , and go ahead and review the call. , and. Go ahead and review the call. , and then we're going to we're going to see then we're going to we're going to see. Then we're going to we're going to see here that the contract is receiving the here that the contract is receiving the. Here that the contract is receiving the tokens and the sender is going to be the tokens and the sender is going to be the. Tokens and the sender is going to be the address or the wallet that we're using address or the wallet that we're using. Address or the wallet that we're using and we're going to be sending 100 and we're going to be sending 100. And we're going to be sending 100 Abundance tokens. So, we'll go ahead and Abundance tokens. So, we'll go ahead and. Abundance tokens. So, we'll go ahead and approve and continue. We'll sign the approve and continue. We'll sign the. Approve and continue. We'll sign the transaction and we'll hope it goes through. Boom. And we'll hope it goes through. Boom. The campaign has made or we've made a The campaign has made or we've made a The campaign has made or we've made a. 100 abundance token deposit right to 100 abundance token deposit right to 100 abundance token deposit right to. The campaign and we have concluded the campaign and we have concluded the campaign and we have concluded . The campaign itself because our goal was the campaign itself because our goal was. The campaign itself because our goal was 100 abundance tokens. And yeah, as you 100 abundance tokens. And yeah, as you. 100 abundance tokens. And yeah, as you can see, this was updated in real time can see, this was updated in real time. Can see, this was updated in real time because of the subscription hook that because of the subscription hook that. because of the subscription hook that is actually in the boiler plate itself. All right, so All right, so that is my time. in conclusion, you that is my time. in conclusion, you. That is my time. in conclusion, you know, I highly suggest that you guys know, I highly suggest that you guys. Know, I highly suggest that you guys check out the docs that you can find check out the docs that you can find. Check out the docs that you can find them at Stellar.orgdevelopers. And if you guys have any questions then And if you guys have any questions then please please please join the Stellar. Please please please join the Stellar please please please join the Stellar discord. there is a developer channel. Discord. there is a developer channel discord. there is a developer channel. There. There's also a help channel there there. There's also a help channel there. There. There's also a help channel there and we are always ready to answer any of. And we are always ready to answer any of and we are always ready to answer any of. The questions that you guys have along the questions that you guys have along the questions that you guys have along. Your Stellar development journey. Once your Stellar development journey. Once your Stellar development journey. Once. Again my name is Julian Martinez senior again my name is Julian Martinez senior again my name is Julian Martinez senior. De excuse me once again my name is de excuse me once again my name is de excuse me once again my name is. Julian Martinez senior developer Julian Martinez senior developer Julian Martinez senior developer. Advocate and common man here at SDF. , advocate and common man here at SDF. ,. Advocate and common man here at SDF. , again, thank you guys so much for again, thank you guys so much for . Again, thank you guys so much for being with me, weathering the storm. Being with me, weathering the storm. Being with me, weathering the storm. It's been a great hour of diving into It's been a great hour of diving into It's been a great hour of diving into. DAP development. , I hope you guys DAP development. , I hope you guys DAP development. , I hope you guys. Learned something and , until next learned something and , until next learned something and , until next. Time, take care. Bye.
