Okay hello everyone welcome to this okay hello everyone welcome to this week's Stella developer meeting and. Week's Stella developer meeting and week's Stella developer meeting and today I have a couple of guests so let. Today I have a couple of guests so let today I have a couple of guests so let me bring them onto this. Stage and first of all thank you for stage and first of all thank you for joining uh please go ahead and introduce. Joining uh please go ahead and introduce joining uh please go ahead and introduce. Yourself I think you are well known in yourself I think you are well known in yourself I think you are well known in. The community at least from your names the community at least from your names the community at least from your names. And your projects but uh please uh thank you for inviting us um people uh thank you for inviting us um people. Know me as orbit L um I uh am the lead know me as orbit L um I uh am the lead know me as orbit L um I uh am the lead. Of the team behind Stellar expert of the team behind Stellar expert of the team behind Stellar expert. Albo reflector and some other ecosystem albo reflector and some other ecosystem albo reflector and some other ecosystem. Projects and today we are here with RF projects and today we are here with RF projects and today we are here with RF. The one and the only the one and the only the one and the only RF yeah so I'm Raph and I've been doing. RF yeah so I'm Raph and I've been doing RF yeah so I'm Raph and I've been doing some business development work with. Some business development work with some business development work with reflector for a bit here uh helping. Reflector for a bit here uh helping reflector for a bit here uh helping doing some Outreach finding some debts. Doing some Outreach finding some debts doing some Outreach finding some debts would be a good fit uh and this works. Would be a good fit uh and this works would be a good fit uh and this works really well with our other project I I. Really well with our other project I I really well with our other project I I do um kind of marketing for seller. Do um kind of marketing for seller do um kind of marketing for seller projects through uh Lumen Loop so just. Projects through uh Lumen Loop so just projects through uh Lumen Loop so just kind of just a big Outreach guy and if. Kind of just a big Outreach guy and if kind of just a big Outreach guy and if you want to know what's going on in the. You want to know what's going on in the you want to know what's going on in the community come to me but uh it's just. Community come to me but uh it's just community come to me but uh it's just really great to be here and be able to. Really great to be here and be able to really great to be here and be able to talk about two really good products and. Talk about two really good products and talk about two really good products and uh kind of jumping into it a little bit. Uh kind of jumping into it a little bit uh kind of jumping into it a little bit but um we're going to be talking about. But um we're going to be talking about but um we're going to be talking about reflector and refractor both things that. Reflector and refractor both things that reflector and refractor both things that. Are incredibly useful for devs looking are incredibly useful for devs looking are incredibly useful for devs looking. To build to build to build um decentralized way on um decentralized way on um decentralized way on. Stell great yeah take it away I'm Stell great yeah take it away I'm Stell great yeah take it away I'm. Looking forward to this looking forward to this looking forward to this [Laughter]. [Laughter] [Laughter] presentation uh so um reflector is a presentation uh so um reflector is a. Presentation uh so um reflector is a decentralized price F article um for the decentralized price F article um for the. Decentralized price F article um for the Stell D5 smart contracts and it supports. Stell D5 smart contracts and it supports Stell D5 smart contracts and it supports. You know Financial derivatives lending you know Financial derivatives lending you know Financial derivatives lending. Borrowing protocols algorithmic stable borrowing protocols algorithmic stable borrowing protocols algorithmic stable. Coins Asset Management contracts and you coins Asset Management contracts and you. Coins Asset Management contracts and you know there's just anything that you want. Know there's just anything that you want know there's just anything that you want. To do with price feeds you can do it to do with price feeds you can do it to do with price feeds you can do it. So why are oracles important um so price so why are oracles important um so price. So why are oracles important um so price manipulation is probably one of the most. Manipulation is probably one of the most manipulation is probably one of the most. Common vectors of attacks when you're common vectors of attacks when you're common vectors of attacks when you're. Working on D5 almost every single week working on D5 almost every single week working on D5 almost every single week. We hear about successful exploits so the we hear about successful exploits so the. We hear about successful exploits so the rule of sum is when you write defi rule of sum is when you write defi. Rule of sum is when you write defi contracts you have to you write defi contracts you have to you write defi. Contracts you have to you write defi contracts top oracles and um you got to contracts top oracles and um you got to. Contracts top oracles and um you got to make sure that you you know you're make sure that you you know you're. Make sure that you you know you're choosing these price feeds uh wisely so choosing these price feeds uh wisely so. Choosing these price feeds uh wisely so again you're only as good as your Oracle again you're only as good as your Oracle. Again you're only as good as your Oracle when you're kind of sourcing your data when you're kind of sourcing your data. When you're kind of sourcing your data from somewhere from somewhere from somewhere. [Music] [Music] [Music] else and uh kind of the really cool else and uh kind of the really cool. Else and uh kind of the really cool thing about reflector is that it's it's thing about reflector is that it's it's. Thing about reflector is that it's it's really built on some known brands in the really built on some known brands in the. Really built on some known brands in the ecosystems um it's a def decentralized ecosystems um it's a def decentralized. Ecosystems um it's a def decentralized consensus uh that we they're agreeing on consensus uh that we they're agreeing on. Consensus uh that we they're agreeing on these price price feeds so it's these price price feeds so it's. These price price feeds so it's controlled by a multisig of reputable controlled by a multisig of reputable. Controlled by a multisig of reputable organizations on stellar and it really organizations on stellar and it really. Organizations on stellar and it really helps guarantee that reliability fault helps guarantee that reliability fault. Helps guarantee that reliability fault tolerance and making sure that those tolerance and making sure that those. Tolerance and making sure that those price feeds are updated and secure um price feeds are updated and secure um. Price feeds are updated and secure um reflector kind of relies on that Quorum reflector kind of relies on that Quorum. Reflector kind of relies on that Quorum of nodes and you can kind of see it in of nodes and you can kind of see it in. Of nodes and you can kind of see it in that picture on the dock there and it's that picture on the dock there and it's. That picture on the dock there and it's connected by seller core validators uh next slide. Validators uh next slide there uh so we kind of combined two there uh so we kind of combined two. There uh so we kind of combined two different Oracle approaches on chain different Oracle approaches on chain. Different Oracle approaches on chain feeds and subscriptions you can kind of feeds and subscriptions you can kind of. Feeds and subscriptions you can kind of think of it as kind of like the like we think of it as kind of like the like we. Think of it as kind of like the like we just have the price feeds rest rest the just have the price feeds rest rest the. Just have the price feeds rest rest the free and then subscriptions which is free and then subscriptions which is. Free and then subscriptions which is kind of like a pro level of of of these kind of like a pro level of of of these. Kind of like a pro level of of of these price feeds uh what's really cool about price feeds uh what's really cool about. Price feeds uh what's really cool about reflector is that at its base it's free reflector is that at its base it's free. Reflector is that at its base it's free like all that data anybody can plug into like all that data anybody can plug into. Like all that data anybody can plug into you don't really need to pay for it but you don't really need to pay for it but. You don't really need to pay for it but if you do there's some really cool if you do there's some really cool. If you do there's some really cool things that you can you can you can kind things that you can you can you can kind. Things that you can you can you can kind of set for yourself some automations and. Of set for yourself some automations and of set for yourself some automations and. Uh some some Communications some uh some some Communications some uh some some Communications some. Notifications for uh that could be notifications for uh that could be notifications for uh that could be. Useful when you're developing so um useful when you're developing so um useful when you're developing so um. Onchain price feeds are free for onchain price feeds are free for onchain price feeds are free for. Everyone the interface allows for a set everyone the interface allows for a set everyone the interface allows for a set. 40 compatibility standard all the price 40 compatibility standard all the price 40 compatibility standard all the price. Feed data is stored in the contract feed data is stored in the contract feed data is stored in the contract. Itself in a fixed time frame I think itself in a fixed time frame I think itself in a fixed time frame I think. Free is interval of every five minutes free is interval of every five minutes free is interval of every five minutes. So the data is readily available for all so the data is readily available for all. So the data is readily available for all consumer contracts uh the use Oracle consumer contracts uh the use Oracle. Consumer contracts uh the use Oracle quoted price results through directly in quoted price results through directly in. Quoted price results through directly in the same function it's efficient it's the same function it's efficient it's. The same function it's efficient it's optimized low fees and it greatly optimized low fees and it greatly. Optimized low fees and it greatly reduces the number of contract calls so reduces the number of contract calls so. Reduces the number of contract calls so again we're trying to make sure that again we're trying to make sure that. Again we're trying to make sure that it's efficient for your defi apps to it's efficient for your defi apps to. It's efficient for your defi apps to kind of plug into offchain Data or kind of plug into offchain Data or. Kind of plug into offchain Data or classic data uh subscriptions on the classic data uh subscriptions on the. Classic data uh subscriptions on the other hand provide kind of like a more other hand provide kind of like a more. Other hand provide kind of like a more fine grain data access with kind of user fine grain data access with kind of user. Fine grain data access with kind of user defined customable customizable triggers. Defined customable customizable triggers defined customable customizable triggers. Uh with up to one minute sampling uh uh with up to one minute sampling uh uh with up to one minute sampling uh. Which again unlocks a lot of use cases which again unlocks a lot of use cases which again unlocks a lot of use cases. With that one minute sampling uh this with that one minute sampling uh this with that one minute sampling uh this. Service provides kind of access to a service provides kind of access to a service provides kind of access to a. Much wider range of available price much wider range of available price much wider range of available price. Feeds uh private web hooks invocations feeds uh private web hooks invocations feeds uh private web hooks invocations. In combination with onchain execution in combination with onchain execution in combination with onchain execution. Proofs and then it guarantees again proofs and then it guarantees again proofs and then it guarantees again. Stability and security uh so highlights the Oracle security uh so highlights the Oracle. Contract provides a kind kind of contract provides a kind kind of contract provides a kind kind of. Comprehensible interface again for step comprehensible interface again for step comprehensible interface again for step. 40 the ecosystem standard and on top of 40 the ecosystem standard and on top of 40 the ecosystem standard and on top of. That kind of offer like automatic cross that kind of offer like automatic cross that kind of offer like automatic cross. Price calculations utility functions uh price calculations utility functions uh price calculations utility functions uh. Tww AP range approximations uh last but tww AP range approximations uh last but tww AP range approximations uh last but. Not least onchain data is again like we not least onchain data is again like we not least onchain data is again like we. Said it's completely free so kind of go said it's completely free so kind of go said it's completely free so kind of go. Ahead and use it uh I feel like doing ahead and use it uh I feel like doing ahead and use it uh I feel like doing. Onre is such a sorry we're doing Onre is such a sorry we're doing Onre is such a sorry we're doing. Outreach is kind of a weird thing Outreach is kind of a weird thing Outreach is kind of a weird thing. Because we're trying to sell devs on a because we're trying to sell devs on a because we're trying to sell devs on a. Free product go use it it's there um we free product go use it it's there um we free product go use it it's there um we. Hope this way you know more you know hope this way you know more you know hope this way you know more you know. Sbon Contra contracts can build kind of sbon Contra contracts can build kind of sbon Contra contracts can build kind of. Safe and reliable infrastructure and safe and reliable infrastructure and safe and reliable infrastructure and. Kind of that main goal being we want you kind of that main goal being we want you. Kind of that main goal being we want you to use a system that's safe and that's to use a system that's safe and that's. To use a system that's safe and that's kind of why these nodes that we we've kind of why these nodes that we we've. Kind of why these nodes that we we've kind of we work with are incredibly kind of we work with are incredibly. Kind of we work with are incredibly important that we want to make sure that important that we want to make sure that. Important that we want to make sure that um you know you like these or these um you know you like these or these. Um you know you like these or these these node providers are securing these node providers are securing. These node providers are securing everyone's defi apps so they're just everyone's defi apps so they're just. Everyone's defi apps so they're just kind of incredible importance with you kind of incredible importance with you. Kind of incredible importance with you know uh making sure that consensus know uh making sure that consensus. Know uh making sure that consensus mechanism and that decentralized nature mechanism and that decentralized nature. Mechanism and that decentralized nature of re Oracle kind of services those defi of re Oracle kind of services those defi. Of re Oracle kind of services those defi UPS um okay so and that kind of brings UPS um okay so and that kind of brings. UPS um okay so and that kind of brings us into the Dow so uh you know it is it us into the Dow so uh you know it is it. Us into the Dow so uh you know it is it is a it's a cluster it's governed is a it's a cluster it's governed. Is a it's a cluster it's governed governed by uh governed by uh governed by uh these organizations and they they kind. These organizations and they they kind these organizations and they they kind of um they serve these and maintain. Of um they serve these and maintain of um they serve these and maintain these reflector server nodes and they. These reflector server nodes and they these reflector server nodes and they participate in this cluster. Participate in this cluster participate in this cluster consensus so again when you want to get. Consensus so again when you want to get consensus so again when you want to get an asset listed um this price feed. An asset listed um this price feed an asset listed um this price feed listed you really have to U make a. Listed you really have to U make a listed you really have to U make a proposal to the dell and um submit with. Proposal to the dell and um submit with proposal to the dell and um submit with the tokens uh same with adding different. The tokens uh same with adding different the tokens uh same with adding different. Kind of price sources again you got to kind of price sources again you got to kind of price sources again you got to. Go to Dell and the Dell make the go to Dell and the Dell make the go to Dell and the Dell make the. Decisions none of it is done by one decisions none of it is done by one decisions none of it is done by one. Entity and everyone needs to agree on it entity and everyone needs to agree on it. Entity and everyone needs to agree on it and again that kind of helps secure that. And again that kind of helps secure that and again that kind of helps secure that. You know all these organizations are key you know all these organizations are key. You know all these organizations are key players in making decisions and that brings us to the. Decisions and that brings us to the Token again the token is um what kind of Token again the token is um what kind of. Token again the token is um what kind of go makes us able to participate in the go makes us able to participate in the. Go makes us able to participate in the Dow uh cluster operators receive Dow uh cluster operators receive. Dow uh cluster operators receive actually tokens for participating in the actually tokens for participating in the. Actually tokens for participating in the consensus mechanisms and they provide consensus mechanisms and they provide. Consensus mechanisms and they provide like computational resources to like computational resources to. Like computational resources to aggregate validate certify so again it aggregate validate certify so again it. Aggregate validate certify so again it makes them to pay them in token uh makes them to pay them in token uh. Makes them to pay them in token uh correspondingly um like these tokens are correspondingly um like these tokens are. Correspondingly um like these tokens are uh correspondingly acred tokens uh correspondingly acred tokens. Uh correspondingly acred tokens represent the equivalent of represent the equivalent of. Represent the equivalent of computational resources contributed by computational resources contributed by. Computational resources contributed by by each party these tokens are then used by each party these tokens are then used. By each party these tokens are then used by the cluster for governance token and by the cluster for governance token and. By the cluster for governance token and subcription services so the xrf tokens subcription services so the xrf tokens. Subcription services so the xrf tokens can be used in cluster governance voting can be used in cluster governance voting. Can be used in cluster governance voting on new price feeds or new cluster on new price feeds or new cluster. On new price feeds or new cluster members members members invitations uh and the again serve as. Invitations uh and the again serve as invitations uh and the again serve as the backbone for the sub subscriptions. The backbone for the sub subscriptions the backbone for the sub subscriptions and they're required to create C create. And they're required to create C create and they're required to create C create custom subscriptions and and then pay. Custom subscriptions and and then pay custom subscriptions and and then pay for the upkeep of these. Subscriptions yeah and uh here we have a subscriptions yeah and uh here we have a. Few uh prerecorded videos uh with the few uh prerecorded videos uh with the few uh prerecorded videos uh with the. Interfaces because we have a lot of them interfaces because we have a lot of them. Interfaces because we have a lot of them um I think um I will start with the no um I think um I will start with the no. Um I think um I will start with the no admin dashboard interface uh which is um admin dashboard interface uh which is um. Admin dashboard interface uh which is um the interface that displays current the interface that displays current. The interface that displays current configuration for cluster nodes there configuration for cluster nodes there. Configuration for cluster nodes there are public Keys uh and we so addresses are public Keys uh and we so addresses. Are public Keys uh and we so addresses for each server below you can see stats for each server below you can see stats. For each server below you can see stats for each note uh other sections uh for each note uh other sections uh. For each note uh other sections uh contain the list of direct assets for contain the list of direct assets for. Contain the list of direct assets for every orle contract uh and uh every orle contract uh and uh. Every orle contract uh and uh configuration changes history logs configuration changes history logs. Configuration changes history logs Etc um life price feed uh which is Etc um life price feed uh which is. Etc um life price feed uh which is produced by the Oracle is available on produced by the Oracle is available on. Produced by the Oracle is available on The Ledger and uh on our website The Ledger and uh on our website. The Ledger and uh on our website collector. Collector. Collector. Network um here you can see uh update Network um here you can see uh update Network um here you can see uh update. History uh for every Oracle supported by history uh for every Oracle supported by. History uh for every Oracle supported by the cluster for both pabn net and test the cluster for both pabn net and test. The cluster for both pabn net and test net uh ler updates are stored on the L net uh ler updates are stored on the L. Net uh ler updates are stored on the L itself with regular five minute itself with regular five minute. Itself with regular five minute intervals and uh immediately after that intervals and uh immediately after that. Intervals and uh immediately after that available for all consumer contracts available for all consumer contracts. Available for all consumer contracts that utilize our price that utilize our price. That utilize our price fees um and fees um and fees um and uh uh uh sorry uh and the next one uh is the. Sorry uh and the next one uh is the sorry uh and the next one uh is the interface of subscriptions subscriptions. Interface of subscriptions subscriptions interface of subscriptions subscriptions. Is the more advanced solution uh which is the more advanced solution uh which is the more advanced solution uh which. Uh is a kind of a Swiss arment knife for uh is a kind of a Swiss arment knife for. Uh is a kind of a Swiss arment knife for any developer who decides to build uh any developer who decides to build uh. Any developer who decides to build uh any kind of uh Oracle based Solution on any kind of uh Oracle based Solution on. Any kind of uh Oracle based Solution on Stellar or some other Stellar or some other. Stellar or some other chains um so subscriptions is a service chains um so subscriptions is a service. Chains um so subscriptions is a service for user defined triggers uh invoked for user defined triggers uh invoked. For user defined triggers uh invoked automatically once the price deviation automatically once the price deviation. Automatically once the price deviation reaches a certain reaches a certain reaches a certain. Threshold every Oracle not independently threshold every Oracle not independently. Threshold every Oracle not independently Eves subscription condition once a Eves subscription condition once a. Eves subscription condition once a minute and uh consumers receive web hook minute and uh consumers receive web hook. Minute and uh consumers receive web hook notifications on triggered price changes. Notifications on triggered price changes notifications on triggered price changes. Let's see how it works um in the web let's see how it works um in the web let's see how it works um in the web. Interface uh first we need to select interface uh first we need to select interface uh first we need to select. Data source for base and quote symbols data source for base and quote symbols data source for base and quote symbols. Uh the quoted value uh the quoted value uh the quoted value um is calculated as quot price divided. Um is calculated as quot price divided um is calculated as quot price divided by base. By base by base price there are two options uh first price there are two options uh first. Price there are two options uh first option is aggregated price from option is aggregated price from. Option is aggregated price from exchanges uh and price tokens from exchanges uh and price tokens from. Exchanges uh and price tokens from Stellar public exchange for instance Stellar public exchange for instance. Stellar public exchange for instance here we select arbitrum token uh from here we select arbitrum token uh from. Here we select arbitrum token uh from exchanges now the base scker uh we can exchanges now the base scker uh we can. Exchanges now the base scker uh we can utilize the same data source or qu utilize the same data source or qu. Utilize the same data source or qu prices for a pair from two different prices for a pair from two different. Prices for a pair from two different sources uh this provides the ability to sources uh this provides the ability to. Sources uh this provides the ability to build a personalized Oracle on assets build a personalized Oracle on assets. Build a personalized Oracle on assets from different feeds and different from different feeds and different. From different feeds and different different asset classes uh the cluster different asset classes uh the cluster. Different asset classes uh the cluster um will calculate the prices um will calculate the prices. Um will calculate the prices automatically uh here we select yxm and automatically uh here we select yxm and. Automatically uh here we select yxm and Trigger threshold here uh it controls Trigger threshold here uh it controls. Trigger threshold here uh it controls the Target price deviation amplitude the Target price deviation amplitude. The Target price deviation amplitude this example it uh means that web hook this example it uh means that web hook. This example it uh means that web hook and point will be notified every time and point will be notified every time. And point will be notified every time the quoted price goes up or down uh by the quoted price goes up or down uh by. The quoted price goes up or down uh by 2% com compared to the previous 2% com compared to the previous. 2% com compared to the previous dispatched value reflector also dispatched value reflector also. Dispatched value reflector also periodically sends uh herbit messages periodically sends uh herbit messages. Periodically sends uh herbit messages with uh current quote price to let the with uh current quote price to let the. With uh current quote price to let the Upstream service know that subscription Upstream service know that subscription. Upstream service know that subscription is still active to activate the is still active to activate the. Is still active to activate the subscription we need to pay for it with subscription we need to pay for it with. Subscription we need to pay for it with xerf tokens and uh they also required to xerf tokens and uh they also required to. Xerf tokens and uh they also required to pay the upkeep uh the upkeep balance um pay the upkeep uh the upkeep balance um. Pay the upkeep uh the upkeep balance um gets changed uh gets charg on the daily gets changed uh gets charg on the daily. Gets changed uh gets charg on the daily basis it is worth noting that the daily basis it is worth noting that the daily. Basis it is worth noting that the daily fee depends on the quote complexity and fee depends on the quote complexity and. Fee depends on the quote complexity and herbe interval uh here we can use uh web herbe interval uh here we can use uh web. Herbe interval uh here we can use uh web hook demo website uh to show how it hook demo website uh to show how it. Hook demo website uh to show how it works uh we'll just copy paste in the works uh we'll just copy paste in the. Works uh we'll just copy paste in the web hook URL uh and web hook URL uh and web hook URL uh and. Um that's basically it uh the account um that's basically it uh the account um that's basically it uh the account. That created the subscription will that created the subscription will that created the subscription will. Become its owner uh we need to confirm become its owner uh we need to confirm become its owner uh we need to confirm. The transaction and it will be the transaction and it will be the transaction and it will be. Uh it will automatically create uh the uh it will automatically create uh the uh it will automatically create uh the. Subscription so basically all all the subscription so basically all all the subscription so basically all all the. Setup everything is done uh in the web setup everything is done uh in the web setup everything is done uh in the web. Interface interface interface here here here this description page we can see all key. This description page we can see all key this description page we can see all key. Parameters for each of the account parameters for each of the account parameters for each of the account. Subscription as well as remining up keep subscription as well as remining up keep. Subscription as well as remining up keep balance um subscription balance um subscription. Balance um subscription consolation uh removes consolation uh removes consolation uh removes. It and reclaims reming tockets and uh it and reclaims reming tockets and uh it and reclaims reming tockets and uh. Here on this interface you can see here on this interface you can see here on this interface you can see. Um um um the uh nod notifications that come from the uh nod notifications that come from. The uh nod notifications that come from the the the cluster um there was a lot of similarly. Cluster um there was a lot of similarly cluster um there was a lot of similarly identical post requests yet they have. Identical post requests yet they have identical post requests yet they have different signatures each reflector. Different signatures each reflector different signatures each reflector cluster node uh sends notifications to. Cluster node uh sends notifications to cluster node uh sends notifications to Consumers to provide redundant and. Consumers to provide redundant and Consumers to provide redundant and reliable proof of. Reliable proof of reliable proof of delivery um as we can see here uh every delivery um as we can see here uh every. Delivery um as we can see here uh every incoming request contains information incoming request contains information. Incoming request contains information about the subscription quoted price and about the subscription quoted price and. About the subscription quoted price and update time update time update time stamp um so. Stamp um so stamp um so uh what's next uh we actually developing uh what's next uh we actually developing. Uh what's next uh we actually developing the protocol and the protocol and the protocol and. Um at the moment uh we're currently um at the moment uh we're currently um at the moment uh we're currently. Working on adding new price feeds uh for working on adding new price feeds uh for. Working on adding new price feeds uh for foreign exchange rates and foreign exchange rates and. Foreign exchange rates and commodities um website improvements is commodities um website improvements is. Commodities um website improvements is another important task for us we need another important task for us we need. Another important task for us we need some more quote samples better some more quote samples better. Some more quote samples better documentation and developer support to documentation and developer support to. Documentation and developer support to make the integration for new CER as make the integration for new CER as. Make the integration for new CER as smooth as possible uh because uh smooth as possible uh because uh. Smooth as possible uh because uh sometimes R needs to go here and there sometimes R needs to go here and there. Sometimes R needs to go here and there uh here and back again to explain uh here and back again to explain. Uh here and back again to explain something and uh we need something and uh we need. Something and uh we need to um basically to um basically to um basically um explain some very basic things about. Um explain some very basic things about um explain some very basic things about oracles and our particular Oracle model. Oracles and our particular Oracle model oracles and our particular Oracle model um and of course the next huge milestone. Um and of course the next huge milestone um and of course the next huge milestone. For us is going cross chain uh we want for us is going cross chain uh we want for us is going cross chain uh we want. To expand our subscription service to expand our subscription service to expand our subscription service. Beyond Stellar uh while the Forum and do Beyond Stellar uh while the Forum and do. Beyond Stellar uh while the Forum and do smart contract logic will be working on smart contract logic will be working on. Smart contract logic will be working on Stellar Stellar Stellar network network network. Uh because uh essentially subscription uh because uh essentially subscription uh because uh essentially subscription. Subscription subscription subscription service is uh chain agnostic and U any service is uh chain agnostic and U any. Service is uh chain agnostic and U any service uh any chain or even without any service uh any chain or even without any. Service uh any chain or even without any blockchain uh can receive these uh price. Blockchain uh can receive these uh price blockchain uh can receive these uh price. Notifications they just need to set up notifications they just need to set up notifications they just need to set up. Their subscription VI the web hook their subscription VI the web hook their subscription VI the web hook. Interface uh that's basically it about interface uh that's basically it about interface uh that's basically it about. Reflector um we definitely want you to reflector um we definitely want you to reflector um we definitely want you to. Come to our website to join our Discord come to our website to join our Discord come to our website to join our Discord. And to talk to DS uh talk to other and to talk to DS uh talk to other and to talk to DS uh talk to other. People and uh check what you can do with people and uh check what you can do with. People and uh check what you can do with oracles um because reflector is the oracles um because reflector is the. Oracles um because reflector is the ultimate price reference for Star ultimate price reference for Star. Ultimate price reference for Star defe I think one of the big things too defe I think one of the big things too. Defe I think one of the big things too is you can see it out in the ecosystem is you can see it out in the ecosystem. Is you can see it out in the ecosystem already like you can see it in blend already like you can see it in blend. Already like you can see it in blend like there's really cool protocols that like there's really cool protocols that. Like there's really cool protocols that are starting to build on to um um are starting to build on to um um. Are starting to build on to um um reflectors so again go see what's out reflectors so again go see what's out. Reflectors so again go see what's out there you know if you see what you like there you know if you see what you like. There you know if you see what you like maybe you're want to play around with maybe you're want to play around with. Maybe you're want to play around with reflector and once you're ready go check reflector and once you're ready go check. Reflector and once you're ready go check out the Discord or you know reach out to. Out the Discord or you know reach out to out the Discord or you know reach out to. One of us and we can point you in the one of us and we can point you in the one of us and we can point you in the. Right right right place yeah place yeah place yeah totally uh we can uh we can answer some. Totally uh we can uh we can answer some totally uh we can uh we can answer some questions now if you have any or we can. Questions now if you have any or we can questions now if you have any or we can jump yeah so anyone anyone that has any. Jump yeah so anyone anyone that has any jump yeah so anyone anyone that has any questions feel free to ask I. Questions feel free to ask I questions feel free to ask I saws he was asking about the QR. Saws he was asking about the QR saws he was asking about the QR code that at the end of the Pres that's. Code that at the end of the Pres that's code that at the end of the Pres that's great but if anyone anyone else has. Great but if anyone anyone else has great but if anyone anyone else has questions we still have a few minutes. Questions we still have a few minutes questions we still have a few minutes but I I would like to ask a couple of. But I I would like to ask a couple of but I I would like to ask a couple of questions I'm. Questions I'm questions I'm thinking what what made you start build thinking what what made you start build. Thinking what what made you start build this because this is not um this is not this because this is not um this is not. This because this is not um this is not just a small uh a small pricing price just a small uh a small pricing price. Just a small uh a small pricing price feed Oracle this is pretty comprehensive feed Oracle this is pretty comprehensive. Feed Oracle this is pretty comprehensive I mean everything from the security to I mean everything from the security to. I mean everything from the security to have it managed by da uh how how did you have it managed by da uh how how did you. Have it managed by da uh how how did you get started on working on this and did get started on working on this and did. Get started on working on this and did it it it start well project uh you know we had a. Start well project uh you know we had a start well project uh you know we had a conversation with to at the Meridian. Conversation with to at the Meridian conversation with to at the Meridian about two years ago and it was like what. About two years ago and it was like what about two years ago and it was like what. What do you want to build on what do you want to build on what do you want to build on. Seran well we have Stell expert we are seran well we have Stell expert we are seran well we have Stell expert we are. Experts in data processing so Oracle experts in data processing so Oracle experts in data processing so Oracle. Seems like an interesting thing to build seems like an interesting thing to build. Seems like an interesting thing to build but well right now maybe I'd reconsider but well right now maybe I'd reconsider. But well right now maybe I'd reconsider this decision because it was a pretty this decision because it was a pretty. This decision because it was a pretty bum perod and um like I am super bum perod and um like I am super. Bum perod and um like I am super grateful to all our Dow members uh who grateful to all our Dow members uh who. Grateful to all our Dow members uh who joined us in this joined us in this joined us in this. Uh uh in this Challenge and task and uh uh in this Challenge and task and uh uh in this Challenge and task and. Supported us uh because uh they are supported us uh because uh they are supported us uh because uh they are. Actually the ones who runs the who run actually the ones who runs the who run actually the ones who runs the who run. The n and protect um the n and protect um the n and protect um the protocols on chain currently we have. The protocols on chain currently we have the protocols on chain currently we have. More than 15 million dollars protected more than 15 million dollars protected more than 15 million dollars protected. By our oracles and uh it's like def fact by our oracles and uh it's like def fact. By our oracles and uh it's like def fact Oracle solution for Stellar network uh I. Oracle solution for Stellar network uh I Oracle solution for Stellar network uh I. Am grateful to everyone who supported us am grateful to everyone who supported us. Am grateful to everyone who supported us with with with this great um I think I think we have a. This great um I think I think we have a this great um I think I think we have a couple of questions uh. Couple of questions uh couple of questions uh mat has a really good one about the. Mat has a really good one about the mat has a really good one about the hackathon yeah yeah that's a pretty good. Hackathon yeah yeah that's a pretty good hackathon yeah yeah that's a pretty good. One so we we um we have we've had two one so we we um we have we've had two one so we we um we have we've had two. Dev competitions up to date um just to Dev competitions up to date um just to Dev competitions up to date um just to. Kind of help us highlight how the kind of help us highlight how the kind of help us highlight how the. Oracles can be used and kind of get devs oracles can be used and kind of get devs. Oracles can be used and kind of get devs playing with it uh we had best Oracle playing with it uh we had best Oracle. Playing with it uh we had best Oracle contracts we had um Lena which is like a contracts we had um Lena which is like a. Contracts we had um Lena which is like a trustless loan platform that won one of trustless loan platform that won one of. Trustless loan platform that won one of the the prizes we had Pula Labs that won the the prizes we had Pula Labs that won. The the prizes we had Pula Labs that won a trusted portfolio manager that helps a trusted portfolio manager that helps. A trusted portfolio manager that helps kind of rebalance bance your portfolio kind of rebalance bance your portfolio. Kind of rebalance bance your portfolio automatically which is kind of cool and automatically which is kind of cool and. Automatically which is kind of cool and then we had kale kale pale that did um then we had kale kale pale that did um. Then we had kale kale pale that did um his reflector predict like betting on his reflector predict like betting on. His reflector predict like betting on prices through an oracle so those were prices through an oracle so those were. Prices through an oracle so those were the three winning ones we had a bunch of the three winning ones we had a bunch of. The three winning ones we had a bunch of walkthroughs and and text writeups as walkthroughs and and text writeups as. Walkthroughs and and text writeups as well um we had some you know some people well um we had some you know some people. Well um we had some you know some people that built some reflector clients some that built some reflector clients some. That built some reflector clients some boiler plates uh notification Bots again boiler plates uh notification Bots again. Boiler plates uh notification Bots again there's just kind of a lot of stuff there's just kind of a lot of stuff. There's just kind of a lot of stuff there um and it kind of if you're there um and it kind of if you're. There um and it kind of if you're interested in reflector and seeing how interested in reflector and seeing how. Interested in reflector and seeing how it can be used going to the Discord and it can be used going to the Discord and. It can be used going to the Discord and seeing the submission submission seeing the submission submission. Seeing the submission submission sections is a really cool like list of sections is a really cool like list of. Sections is a really cool like list of different different different examples great yeah I have seen uh so. Examples great yeah I have seen uh so examples great yeah I have seen uh so I've been to a couple of hackathons now. I've been to a couple of hackathons now I've been to a couple of hackathons now and I've seen seen the reflector being. And I've seen seen the reflector being and I've seen seen the reflector being used uh and I know you mentioned kpl I. Used uh and I know you mentioned kpl I used uh and I know you mentioned kpl I know we use it in. Know we use it in know we use it in general SDF when we build build cool general SDF when we build build cool. General SDF when we build build cool stuff fun stuff when we experiment so stuff fun stuff when we experiment so. Stuff fun stuff when we experiment so but it is um I I I I have seen that both but it is um I I I I have seen that both. But it is um I I I I have seen that both slender and blend have used it too um is. Slender and blend have used it too um is slender and blend have used it too um is. That something you are something you are that something you are something you are. That something you are something you are driving something you are seeking out or. Driving something you are seeking out or driving something you are seeking out or. Did they come to you and say this looks did they come to you and say this looks did they come to you and say this looks. Like a really neat like a really neat like a really neat service well it started uh with u this. Service well it started uh with u this service well it started uh with u this this first meeting with st and people. This first meeting with st and people this first meeting with st and people when sban was still in bet and not even. When sban was still in bet and not even when sban was still in bet and not even on mayet yet so actually we partnered. On mayet yet so actually we partnered on mayet yet so actually we partnered with some key players at the. With some key players at the with some key players at the time okay great could we maybe just kind. Time okay great could we maybe just kind time okay great could we maybe just kind. Of I think we're running out of time but of I think we're running out of time but. Of I think we're running out of time but let's jump into maybe do some just a let's jump into maybe do some just a. Let's jump into maybe do some just a little touch of refractor because it little touch of refractor because it. Little touch of refractor because it is I will do pretty is I will do pretty is I will do pretty. Quick yeah so refractor is a pendant quick yeah so refractor is a pendant quick yeah so refractor is a pendant. Transaction storage and multi aggregator transaction storage and multi aggregator. Transaction storage and multi aggregator for Stellar Network it's a developer for Stellar Network it's a developer. For Stellar Network it's a developer Focus service in the first place but uh Focus service in the first place but uh. Focus service in the first place but uh anyone can use it to store trans ctions anyone can use it to store trans ctions. Anyone can use it to store trans ctions and G signatures required to match sign and G signatures required to match sign. And G signatures required to match sign thresold uh that's the service that been thresold uh that's the service that been. Thresold uh that's the service that been around since 2021 and like many active around since 2021 and like many active. Around since 2021 and like many active Dow organizations are using it uh like Dow organizations are using it uh like. Dow organizations are using it uh like Aquarius reflector uh yel blocks at some Aquarius reflector uh yel blocks at some. Aquarius reflector uh yel blocks at some point so it's a very handy toolkit for D. Point so it's a very handy toolkit for D point so it's a very handy toolkit for D. Administration join castol accounts Administration join castol accounts Administration join castol accounts. Secure scroll server Services treasury secure scroll server Services treasury secure scroll server Services treasury. Management Services like any any kind of Management Services like any any kind of. Management Services like any any kind of uh service that utilize Stellar uh service that utilize Stellar. Uh service that utilize Stellar multi uh why you might need it multi uh why you might need it. Multi uh why you might need it uh It's tricky to check uh what inside uh It's tricky to check uh what inside. Uh It's tricky to check uh what inside the transaction uh what are the the transaction uh what are the. The transaction uh what are the operations requir signatures and operations requir signatures and. Operations requir signatures and something like this when you just get something like this when you just get. Something like this when you just get some random Exar encoded transactions some random Exar encoded transactions. Some random Exar encoded transactions and someone asks you to sign it and someone asks you to sign it. And someone asks you to sign it um G signatures requires uh sending a um G signatures requires uh sending a. Um G signatures requires uh sending a transactions uh via Messengers orail or transactions uh via Messengers orail or. Transactions uh via Messengers orail or some other channel which is like not so some other channel which is like not so. Some other channel which is like not so convenient let's say it um if two or convenient let's say it um if two or. Convenient let's say it um if two or more people sign simultaneously one of more people sign simultaneously one of. More people sign simultaneously one of the signature can be the signature can be the signature can be. Lost lost lost if someone signs the wrong transaction if someone signs the wrong transaction. If someone signs the wrong transaction everyone needs to start from fresh um everyone needs to start from fresh um. Everyone needs to start from fresh um not enough signatures to M the threshold not enough signatures to M the threshold. Not enough signatures to M the threshold and transaction will be discarded by the. And transaction will be discarded by the and transaction will be discarded by the. Network too many signatures uh it will network too many signatures uh it will network too many signatures uh it will. Also be discarded by the also be discarded by the also be discarded by the network um it also requires coordination. Network um it also requires coordination network um it also requires coordination. So someone needs to oversee the process so someone needs to oversee the process so someone needs to oversee the process. Um like contol the signatur submit some um like contol the signatur submit some um like contol the signatur submit some. Transaction submit the assigned transaction submit the assigned transaction submit the assigned. Transaction to the network Etc so we've transaction to the network Etc so we've transaction to the network Etc so we've. Been there and uh that's that's actually been there and uh that's that's actually. Been there and uh that's that's actually a painful experience uh like once you a painful experience uh like once you. A painful experience uh like once you start using multiseq at scale start using multiseq at scale. Start using multiseq at scale it's it's it's it's it's it's problematic U refractor allows you to. Problematic U refractor allows you to problematic U refractor allows you to basically upload your transaction XD. Basically upload your transaction XD basically upload your transaction XD um web form just copy paste transaction. Um web form just copy paste transaction um web form just copy paste transaction exr check selected Network click save. Exr check selected Network click save exr check selected Network click save and that's it optionally you can choose. And that's it optionally you can choose and that's it optionally you can choose Auto submit to the network option which. Auto submit to the network option which Auto submit to the network option which um. Um um which will allow uh the system to which will allow uh the system to which will allow uh the system to. Automatically submit transaction to the automatically submit transaction to the automatically submit transaction to the. Network once it gets uh uh enough network once it gets uh uh enough network once it gets uh uh enough. Signatures for it um and after creating signatures for it um and after creating signatures for it um and after creating. You can simply share the link with all you can simply share the link with all you can simply share the link with all. The signers and that's it the signers and that's it the signers and that's it um that's how the transaction looks. Um that's how the transaction looks um that's how the transaction looks right and we can see here that it's much. Right and we can see here that it's much right and we can see here that it's much. Easier to understand uh what operations easier to understand uh what operations easier to understand uh what operations. Are inside uh what will be the execution are inside uh what will be the execution. Are inside uh what will be the execution result uh what are the probably probable. Result uh what are the probably probable result uh what are the probably probable. Consequences and consequences and consequences and Etc um pinted transaction page also. Etc um pinted transaction page also Etc um pinted transaction page also displays all transaction details current. Displays all transaction details current displays all transaction details current. Signing status and automatically signing status and automatically signing status and automatically. Detected validity period detected validity period detected validity period [Music]. [Music] [Music] um and uh the key part of it um and uh the key part of it um and uh the key part of it. Um uh signatures reflector uh can automatically detect reflector uh can automatically detect. All possible transaction signers uh all possible transaction signers uh all possible transaction signers uh. Their weights uh and total transaction their weights uh and total transaction their weights uh and total transaction. Threshold it will show uh who else can threshold it will show uh who else can threshold it will show uh who else can. Sign and uh it basically prevents the sign and uh it basically prevents the sign and uh it basically prevents the. Situation when too many s uh signatures situation when too many s uh signatures situation when too many s uh signatures. Were added and transaction again be were added and transaction again be were added and transaction again be. Becomes becomes becomes valid here for example you can see uh valid here for example you can see uh. Valid here for example you can see uh like real world examples uh from Real like real world examples uh from Real. Like real world examples uh from Real World signature with different uh World signature with different uh. World signature with different uh thresholds uh how it looks uh in the thresholds uh how it looks uh in the. Thresholds uh how it looks uh in the process of signing and uh how it looks process of signing and uh how it looks. Process of signing and uh how it looks when it's fully when it's fully when it's fully. Signed um web interface um supports signed um web interface um supports signed um web interface um supports. Multiple wallets multiple wallets multiple wallets so there is an option so there is an option. So there is an option to sign the transaction Visa wallet of to sign the transaction Visa wallet of. To sign the transaction Visa wallet of your choice or import assigned ex your choice or import assigned ex. Your choice or import assigned ex directly uh so in case if you have air directly uh so in case if you have air. Directly uh so in case if you have air gab device or something like this uh you gab device or something like this uh you. Gab device or something like this uh you can just copy paste xdr there and can just copy paste xdr there and. Can just copy paste xdr there and reflector will combine valid signatures reflector will combine valid signatures. Reflector will combine valid signatures discard duplicates and uh remove all discard duplicates and uh remove all. Discard duplicates and uh remove all inapplicable signatures so it basically inapplicable signatures so it basically. Inapplicable signatures so it basically makes uh the process much uh more streamlined it's free service it's free. Streamlined it's free service it's free for businesses and individuals without for businesses and individuals without. For businesses and individuals without limitations we have some some rate limitations we have some some rate. Limitations we have some some rate limiting but uh you can use it for free limiting but uh you can use it for free. Limiting but uh you can use it for free um it's been around since 2021 uh it is um it's been around since 2021 uh it is. Um it's been around since 2021 uh it is supported by our team uh it receives uh supported by our team uh it receives uh. Supported by our team uh it receives uh some regular updates so it's been pretty some regular updates so it's been pretty. Some regular updates so it's been pretty reliable servers it is Battle tested as reliable servers it is Battle tested as. Reliable servers it is Battle tested as I told it was employed by different I told it was employed by different. I told it was employed by different DS and um it has open IP so you can open DS and um it has open IP so you can open. DS and um it has open IP so you can open II you can integrate it directly II you can integrate it directly. II you can integrate it directly into into your application or service into into your application or service. Into into your application or service and best of all probably it's open and best of all probably it's open. And best of all probably it's open source everyone can check what's inside source everyone can check what's inside. Source everyone can check what's inside uh or run on instance and work with it uh or run on instance and work with it. Uh or run on instance and work with it so it's pretty handy tool anyone who so it's pretty handy tool anyone who. So it's pretty handy tool anyone who will be managing Dow some kind of multi will be managing Dow some kind of multi. Will be managing Dow some kind of multi setup account you just need to check it setup account you just need to check it. Setup account you just need to check it and maybe it will be right for you and maybe it will be right for you. And maybe it will be right for you that's that's that's I think it's it's very interesting and. I think it's it's very interesting and I think it's it's very interesting and and I think uh multis is not necessarily. And I think uh multis is not necessarily and I think uh multis is not necessarily. Something that's easy to do uh so so something that's easy to do uh so so something that's easy to do uh so so. Having having a tool like this I think having having a tool like this I think having having a tool like this I think. That is super interesting I think that is super interesting I think that is super interesting I think. Actually multii maybe maybe we should do actually multii maybe maybe we should do. Actually multii maybe maybe we should do a a separate uh a separate presentation a a separate uh a separate presentation. A a separate uh a separate presentation on that or separate talk about that on that or separate talk about that. On that or separate talk about that because you guys definitely have some because you guys definitely have some. Because you guys definitely have some experience with that so yes so maybe I experience with that so yes so maybe I. Experience with that so yes so maybe I think that could be an interesting topic think that could be an interesting topic. Think that could be an interesting topic for for for for for for future um presentation but for now we. Future um presentation but for now we future um presentation but for now we unfortunately out of time I need to wrap. Unfortunately out of time I need to wrap unfortunately out of time I need to wrap. It up uh thank you both of both of you it up uh thank you both of both of you it up uh thank you both of both of you. For joining it was super interesting to for joining it was super interesting to for joining it was super interesting to. To learn more about uh about what you're to learn more about uh about what you're. To learn more about uh about what you're working on and yeah can just encourage working on and yeah can just encourage. Working on and yeah can just encourage everyone that needs pricing feeds to everyone that needs pricing feeds to. Everyone that needs pricing feeds to start using it I mean it's it's super start using it I mean it's it's super. Start using it I mean it's it's super easy and it's it's free and it's easy and it's it's free and it's. Easy and it's it's free and it's something that allows you to scale with something that allows you to scale with. Something that allows you to scale with your with your application as well into your with your application as well into. Your with your application as well into into maybe a subscription based model so into maybe a subscription based model so. Into maybe a subscription based model so thank you for joining thanks for having thank you for joining thanks for having. Thank you for joining thanks for having us okay talk to you later thanks us okay talk to you later thanks. Us okay talk to you later thanks everyone by bye.
