Now, yes ladies and gentlemen, good morning, now, yes ladies and gentlemen, good morning,. Good afternoon, we are alive, colors, yum, and YouTube, so just yum, and YouTube, so just. A hello everyone, welcome a hello everyone, welcome a hello everyone, welcome to our Imagine or. To our Imagine or to our Imagine or Finance panel with Botstein, supported by Finance panel with Botstein, supported by. Finance panel with Botstein, supported by Stellar Visa. I am Roberto Dulce and I will be. Stellar Visa. I am Roberto Dulce and I will be Stellar Visa. I am Roberto Dulce and I will be. Moderating today's session. Sharing moderating today's session. Sharing moderating today's session. Sharing. The stage with me are some friends and the stage with me are some friends and the stage with me are some friends and. Experts from the world of INTEC and Botstein, experts from the world of INTEC and Botstein,. Experts from the world of INTEC and Botstein, who were going to introduce themselves a little bit in. Who were going to introduce themselves a little bit in who were going to introduce themselves a little bit in. The videos. My friends, please introduce yourselves the videos. My friends, please introduce yourselves. The videos. My friends, please introduce yourselves in order, your names, and your companies. In order, your names, and your companies. In order, your names, and your companies. That's how they will be in the presentation, and That's how they will be in the presentation, and. That's how they will be in the presentation, and when it's your slide, talk a little bit. When it's your slide, talk a little bit when it's your slide, talk a little bit about your role, your company, and above all,. About your role, your company, and above all, about your role, your company, and above all,. How you ended up working with fintech and how you ended up working with fintech and. How you ended up working with fintech and blogging to give a little blogging to give a little. Blogging to give a little context for our friends on the context for our friends on the. Context for our friends on the call. So, I'll start with call. So, I'll start with. Call. So, I'll start with myself to give an example. My name is myself to give an example. My name is. Myself to give an example. My name is Roberto here in Canada, in the US they call me. Roberto here in Canada, in the US they call me Roberto here in Canada, in the US they call me. Road, in Brazil they call me Vetó, but well, I Road, in Brazil they call me Vetó, but well, I. Road, in Brazil they call me Vetó, but well, I think Roberto is fine for today. I am. Think Roberto is fine for today. I am think Roberto is fine for today. I am the Director of Volume Business. The Director of Volume Business the Director of Volume Business at the Stellar Foundation, and very simply,. At the Stellar Foundation, and very simply, at the Stellar Foundation, and very simply,. For those who are not for those who are not for those who are not familiar with this law, we. Familiar with this law, we familiar with this law, we are one of the first boxing networks. Are one of the first boxing networks are one of the first boxing networks that was developed specifically. That was developed specifically that was developed specifically for For payments and international payments,. For For payments and international payments, for For payments and international payments,. And the functionalities and operations and the functionalities and operations and the functionalities and operations. From the zone, if you're the news, and with my way of if you're the news, and with my way of. Hallucinating, and the one with the bag, well, we had a little more music well, we had a little more music. For us, always well, but for us, always well, but for us, always well, but return to the Stellar presentation. Return to the Stellar presentation. Return to the Stellar presentation. So, a brush for payments, our So, a brush for payments, our So, a brush for payments, our. Focus is on this volcano, it's the focus is on this volcano, it's the focus is on this volcano, it's the. Organization of financial assets and organization of financial assets and organization of financial assets and. International remittances, plus pending international remittances, plus pending international remittances, plus pending. Civil matters, and if civil matters, and if civil matters, and if digital currencies for central banks, and. Digital currencies for central banks, and digital currencies for central banks, and. Just an idea, we enable just an idea, we enable just an idea, we enable international payments 24/7, the speed. International payments 24/7, the speed international payments 24/7, the speed is about five seconds, never more than that,. Is about five seconds, never more than that, is about five seconds, never more than that,. And the cost is a fraction of a cent, and the cost is a fraction of a cent, and the cost is a fraction of a cent,. So a very, very efficient network so a very, very efficient network so a very, very efficient network. For payments. Regarding this, I for payments. Regarding this, I for payments. Regarding this, I. Started my professional career as started my professional career as started my professional career as. A programmer at Citibank in England, and a programmer at Citibank in England, and. A programmer at Citibank in England, and today we have one of the today we have one of the. Today we have one of the people here who started his professional life people here who started his professional life. People here who started his professional life with me, Marcelo, he's in the with me, Marcelo, he's in the. With me, Marcelo, he's in the audience today, and after that, about audience today, and after that, about. Audience today, and after that, about 15 years ago, in multiple banks in the area. 15 years ago, in multiple banks in the area 15 years ago, in multiple banks in the area. Of ​​digital product projects, of ​​digital product projects, of ​​digital product projects,. Silver, Rabobank, Bici, and fintech is something Silver, Rabobank, Bici, and fintech is something. Silver, Rabobank, Bici, and fintech is something more recent for the show, like 2017,. More recent for the show, like 2017, more recent for the show, like 2017, after where Blocks Game and it became my. After where Blocks Game and it became my after where Blocks Game and it became my. Passion, and well, we're going to continue with everything, my passion, and well, we're going to continue with everything, my. Passion, and well, we're going to continue with everything, my friend, with you. Friend, with you. Friend, with you. Thank you very much, Roberto. It's a pleasure to be Thank you very much, Roberto. It's a pleasure to be. Thank you very much, Roberto. It's a pleasure to be with you. My name is Arnold Dos. With you. My name is Arnold Dos with you. My name is Arnold Dos Reyes, and I'm the Vice President of Digital Alliances at Visas. Reyes, and I'm the Vice President of Digital Alliances at Visas. We are the world's largest We are the world's largest international electronic payments network,. International electronic payments network, international electronic payments network,. And our and our and our mission is to connect mission is to connect mission is to connect. People, businesses, governments, and people, businesses, governments, and people, businesses, governments, and. Institutions to move value institutions to move value institutions to move value through our electronic network. I've been with. Through our electronic network. I've been with through our electronic network. I've been with. Visas for exactly four years. I came Visas for exactly four years. I came Visas for exactly four years. I came. To Visas through an entrepreneurial venture to Visas through an entrepreneurial venture. To Visas through an entrepreneurial venture and an investment I made in a and an investment I made in a. And an investment I made in a company called Abra. Now, company called Abra. Now,. Company called Abra. Now, in 2015-2016, we're creating a in 2015-2016, we're creating a. In 2015-2016, we're creating a wallet specifically to focus on wallet specifically to focus on. Wallet specifically to focus on solving solving solving certain problems for certain problems for. Certain problems for consumers in emerging markets, consumers in emerging markets,. Consumers in emerging markets, primarily Latin America and Asia primarily Latin America and Asia. Primarily Latin America and Asia Pacific. Pacific. Pacific. Before that, almost six years ago, I was at Before that, almost six years ago, I was at. Before that, almost six years ago, I was at PayPal in the PayPal in the PayPal in the. Emerging markets team, and then responsible emerging markets team, and then responsible. Emerging markets team, and then responsible for expanding Visas to for expanding Visas to. For expanding Visas to Latin America in more than 20 markets, developing Latin America in more than 20 markets, developing. Latin America in more than 20 markets, developing products, strategies, and alliances. Products, strategies, and alliances. Products, strategies, and alliances. My career has been primarily My career has been primarily My career has been primarily. In financial services, very focused in financial services, very focused in financial services, very focused. On emerging markets, mainly on emerging markets, mainly on emerging markets, mainly. Latin America. I've Latin America. I've Latin America. I've also worked in payment networks like. Also worked in payment networks like Mastercard, Mastercard, and prior to that, I began my career... And prior to that, I began my career... And prior to that, I began my career... Investment brand, the team is taking time to Investment brand, the team is taking time to. Investment brand, the team is taking time to lower criticism but is very focused lower criticism but is very focused. Lower criticism but is very focused on Latin America and some markets in the on Latin America and some markets in the. On Latin America and some markets in the US and Europe, and it's a pleasure to be with. US and Europe, and it's a pleasure to be with US and Europe, and it's a pleasure to be with. You today. I think what's you today. I think what's you today. I think what's happening in Latin America,. Happening in Latin America, happening in Latin America, at least in at least in at least in. My professional career, I've never seen so much my professional career, I've never seen so much. My professional career, I've never seen so much enthusiasm, so much investment, and so much. Enthusiasm, so much investment, and so much enthusiasm, so much investment, and so much. Talent, not to mention some talent, not to mention some talent, not to mention some. Truly incredible companies in our truly incredible companies in our truly incredible companies in our. Region. Thank you for inviting me. Region. Thank you for inviting me. Region. Thank you for inviting me. Gases del Toldo, and well, continuing, Jose, Gases del Toldo, and well, continuing, Jose,. Gases del Toldo, and well, continuing, Jose, with you. Good morning, good afternoon, where are you? Morning, good afternoon, where are you? Thank you, and it's a pleasure to be here today. My name is Thank you, and it's a pleasure to be here today. My name is. Thank you, and it's a pleasure to be here today. My name is Jose Luis Nuñez, I've been in. Jose Luis Nuñez, I've been in Jose Luis Nuñez, I've been in the Pitt arena for 16 years, exporting for. The Pitt arena for 16 years, exporting for the Pitt arena for 16 years, exporting for. International international international e-commerce companies. Today I'm the Vice President of. E-commerce companies. Today I'm the Vice President of e-commerce companies. Today I'm the Vice President of. Sales for Wire, and our company Sales for Wire, and our company Sales for Wire, and our company. Focuses on financial infrastructure and focuses on financial infrastructure and focuses on financial infrastructure and. AFIS, which means putting developers and AFIS, which means putting developers and. AFIS, which means putting developers and entrepreneurs with block entrepreneurs with block. Entrepreneurs with block change projects, equipment purchases, payment methods, and. Change projects, equipment purchases, payment methods, and change projects, equipment purchases, payment methods, and. Value movements. Thank you very much, and it's value movements. Thank you very much, and it's. Value movements. Thank you very much, and it's a pleasure to be here today. A pleasure to be here today. A pleasure to be here today. Wonderful, thank you. I mean, from Ruben with Wonderful, thank you. I mean, from Ruben with. Wonderful, thank you. I mean, from Ruben with you, hello everyone, how are you? And thank you for. Hello everyone, how are you? And thank you for having me here on this panel. I'm having me here on this panel. I'm. Having me here on this panel. I'm excited to be able to specify, excited to be able to specify,. Excited to be able to specify, Jamie, how you can use this Jamie, how you can use this. Jamie, how you can use this technology to solve technology to solve technology to solve. People's financial problems in the world. It's a The people's financial problems in the world. It's a The. People's financial problems in the world. It's a The problem is that I've had the honor of actively. Had the honor of actively trying to solve it. Trying to solve it. For six years now, For six years now, For six years now, working well with him, he kept. Working well with him, he kept working well with him, he kept starting from scratch, back when. Starting from scratch, back when starting from scratch, back when the Cohen beat cost. The Cohen beat cost the Cohen beat cost $200. For me, it's $200. For me, it's $200. For me, it's. Been a been a gigantic personal and technical transformation, and not just inert,. Gigantic personal and technical transformation, and not just inert, but the industry is a super exciting time. But the industry is a super exciting time but the industry is a super exciting time. Because because  well,  well,  well, now those of us who now those of us who. Now those of us who provide services on top of the provide services on top of the. Provide services on top of the technology that exists right now are technology that exists right now are. Perhaps the first to perhaps the first to bring access to it to the people who bring access to it to the people who. Bring access to it to the people who need it, need it, need it, but the change is coming. But the change is coming but the change is coming en masse, and that's a giant network effect. En masse, and that's a giant network effect en masse, and that's a giant network effect. That's pushing us, not pushing anyone, it's that's pushing us, not pushing anyone, it's. That's pushing us, not pushing anyone, it's pushing everyone, so it's a pushing everyone, so it's a. Pushing everyone, so it's a great time to start great time to start great time to start. Taking the last minute to start taking the last minute to start taking the last minute to start. Doing something because later it'll doing something because later it'll doing something because later it'll. Be too late for the party, right? But anyway, it's a be too late for the party, right? But anyway, it's a. Be too late for the party, right? But anyway, it's a pleasure to be here and to talk to you about. Pleasure to be here and to talk to you about pleasure to be here and to talk to you about. Someone who has a someone who has a someone who has a dollar account that people in Latin America. Dollar account that people in Latin America dollar account that people in Latin America. Can use to save, make can use to save, make can use to save, make international payments and receive payments, buy. International payments and receive payments, buy international payments and receive payments, buy. Things, invest, but well, it's practical, things, invest, but well, it's practical,. Things, invest, but well, it's practical, thank you, and if you still have the thank you, and if you still have the. Thank you, and if you still have the $200 Obito Coin, I'll buy it for $250. So $200 Obito Coin, I'll buy it for $250. So. $200 Obito Coin, I'll buy it for $250. So we can Speaking after the we can Speaking after the. We can Speaking after the presentation, but to do it, I generated presentation, but to do it, I generated. Presentation, but to do it, I generated this summer, I was this summer, I was this summer, I was. Selling them, selling a thousand, because selling them, selling a thousand, because. Selling them, selling a thousand, because you have to raise the price. You have to raise the price. You have to raise the price. A good day today, what a marvel, Cesar. A good day today, what a marvel, Cesar. A good day today, what a marvel, Cesar. Last but not least, Last but not least, Last but not least, please, please, please,. Hello everyone, good day, and hello everyone, good day, and hello everyone, good day, and. I appreciate the invitation to this panel. I appreciate the invitation to this panel. I appreciate the invitation to this panel. Speaking of Speaking of Speaking of health, health, health, the reason for being is to signify. The reason for being is to signify the reason for being is to signify business-to-. Business-to- business relationships, as I like to call them, and in business relationships, as I like to call them, and in. Business relationships, as I like to call them, and in recent years we have been focused. Recent years we have been focused recent years we have been focused through the corporate card product,. Through the corporate card product, through the corporate card product, making an impact on small and medium-sized. Making an impact on small and medium-sized businesses and startups, businesses and startups,. Businesses and startups, to be able to facilitate the way and revolve, above to be able to facilitate the way and revolve, above. To be able to facilitate the way and revolve, above all, in which different types of payments are made. All, in which different types of payments are made. All, in which different types of payments are made. Part of what we seek is, through the Part of what we seek is, through the technological power, to offer this. Technological power, to offer this technological power, to offer this platform in which we use several. Platform in which we use several platform in which we use several components that we will talk about throughout. Components that we will talk about throughout components that we will talk about throughout. This session: artificial intelligence, this session: artificial intelligence, this session: artificial intelligence,. Blogging, of course, and in the end, what blogging, of course, and in the end, what. Blogging, of course, and in the end, what we bring is a value proposition that seeks to. We bring is a value proposition that seeks to we bring is a value proposition that seeks to. Maximize time, especially in this era of maximize time, especially in this era of. Maximize time, especially in this era of hyper-connectivity in which we seek to hyper-connectivity in which we seek to. Hyper-connectivity in which we seek to do everything very quickly, do everything very quickly,. Do everything very quickly, a matter of haste and constant a matter of haste and constant. A matter of haste and constant evolution. Briefly speaking about myself, from the. Evolution. Briefly speaking about myself, from the evolution. Briefly speaking about myself, from the. Leap to the decent part, I have been leap to the decent part, I have been leap to the decent part, I have been. Working for the last 18 years in the working for the last 18 years in the working for the last 18 years in the. Area of ​​technology, area of ​​technology, area of ​​technology, the Vittek space, and I see this Boom, what. The Vittek space, and I see this Boom, what the Vittek space, and I see this Boom, what. Arnaldo described in the region, and Arnaldo described in the region, and Arnaldo described in the region, and. Especially how each especially how each especially how each country is absorbing a bit of the. Country is absorbing a bit of the country is absorbing a bit of the dye in the consumption and. Dye in the consumption and dye in the consumption and business sectors. It was, how. Business sectors. It was, how business sectors. It was, how would I say, a game changer for Pay,. Would I say, a game changer for Pay, would I say, a game changer for Pay, because I have to get on board with that,. Because I have to get on board with that, because I have to get on board with that,. Hugo, which is moving very, very fast, and in which a lot of Hugo, which is moving very, very fast, and in which a lot of. Change can be done through innovation, to the benefit of change can be done through innovation, to the benefit of. Simplifying operations and, above all, simplifying operations and, above all, simplifying operations and, above all,. The lives of everyone here. Wonderful! Well said, Wonderful! Well said, thank you very much. So now I'm going to. Thank you very much. So now I'm going to thank you very much. So now I'm going to. Close the screen here and let's go to close the screen here and let's go to close the screen here and let's go to. Our talk page. Of our talk page. Of our talk page. Of course, just one piece of information:. Course, just one piece of information: course, just one piece of information: Sheryl is with us,. Sheryl is with us, Sheryl is with us, and closer to the end of the and closer to the end of the. And closer to the end of the panel, we have a surprise, some very panel, we have a surprise, some very. Panel, we have a surprise, some very important information for important information for. Important information for everyone with us today everyone with us today everyone with us today. Regarding Startup Weekend, which takes regarding Startup Weekend, which takes regarding Startup Weekend, which takes. Place next week. So, place next week. So, place next week. So, this will this will. This will stay with us until the end stay with us until the end stay with us until the end. Because it's important information. Well, from my side, I have some Well, from my side, I have some questions here, but it's a very. Questions here, but it's a very questions here, but it's a very informal panel, and I'd like all the. Informal panel, and I'd like all the informal panel, and I'd like all the participants to join in to. Participants to join in to participants to join in to add comments and add comments and. Add comments and questions as well. So we can questions as well. So we can questions as well. So we can. Begin, I have six questions here that begin, I have six questions here that begin, I have six questions here that. Are grouped under the are grouped under the are grouped under the fintech landscape in Latin America, the click route, and. Fintech landscape in Latin America, the click route, and fintech landscape in Latin America, the click route, and. How we, each of you, how we, each of you, how we, each of you, brought yourselves here today, and for your. Brought yourselves here today, and for your brought yourselves here today, and for your. Companies, and finally, some advice and companies, and finally, some advice and companies, and finally, some advice and. Suggestions for those who suggestions for those who suggestions for those who are starting out in fintech and. Are starting out in fintech and are starting out in fintech and Latin America. To begin, I'd like. Latin America. To begin, I'd like Latin America. To begin, I'd like Rubén to ask you, perhaps the first question, about. Rubén to ask you, perhaps the first question, about Latin America as a Latin America as a. Whole, about your experience whole, about your experience whole, about your experience. Not only with your company but since the not only with your company but since the. Not only with your company but since the arrival of fintech, what do you arrival of fintech, what do you. Arrival of fintech, what do you think are the main think are the main think are the main. Financial technologies that are financial technologies that are financial technologies that are. Growing in Latin America? Yes, and why? Growing in Latin America? Yes, and why? Growing in Latin America? Yes, and why? Why do you think these technologies Why do you think these technologies Why do you think these technologies. Are growing in our region? Well, you see, I think that in Latin America, as in the rest of. Think that in Latin America, as in the rest of the world, the world, the world, we have become accustomed. We have become accustomed we have become accustomed over the last over the last over the last. 20 years 20 years 20 years to the fact that the products to the fact that the products. To the fact that the products we consume are increasingly we consume are increasingly. We consume are increasingly focused on us as focused on us as focused on us as consumers, so much so that your experience. Consumers, so much so that your experience consumers, so much so that your experience. On your Instagram feed is very different on your Instagram feed is very different. On your Instagram feed is very different from mine. From mine. From mine. Yes, yes, friends, your Instagram feed Yes, yes, friends, your Instagram feed Yes, yes, friends, your Instagram feed. Wouldn't be relevant to me, wouldn't be relevant to me, wouldn't be relevant to me,. And I think that concept has permeated the and I think that concept has permeated the. And I think that concept has permeated the whole world. In every whole world. In every. Whole world. In every industry that exists, we as industry that exists, we as industry that exists, we as. Consumers are currently expecting consumers are currently expecting consumers are currently expecting. Products that don't exactly suit products that don't exactly suit products that don't exactly suit. Us, us, us, and that... well, it was and that... well, it was born with the internet and the. Born with the internet and the entrepreneurs who were born with the entrepreneurs who were born with the. Entrepreneurs who were born with the internet, given that it was very easy internet, given that it was very easy. Internet, given that it was very easy to send a new, to send a new, to send a new,. More refined version of a product to their more refined version of a product to their. More refined version of a product to their users. They are basically looking users. They are basically looking. Users. They are basically looking to create the exact product for the to create the exact product for the. To create the exact product for the exact person, and I think that has reached exact person, and I think that has reached. Exact person, and I think that has reached finance. I think there is finance. I think there is. Finance. I think there is a lot of technology that allows a lot of technology that allows. A lot of technology that allows many companies to many companies to many companies to. Offer financial products on the offer financial products on the offer financial products on the. Internet. Internet. Internet. Thanks to this Thanks to this entrepreneurial dynamic, where you are always entrepreneurial dynamic, where you are always. Entrepreneurial dynamic, where you are always looking to give the best looking to give the best. Looking to give the best exact product to the customer, there are exact product to the customer, there are. Exact product to the customer, there are now now now many alternatives many alternatives. Many alternatives of financial products that are hyper- of financial products that are hyper-. Of financial products that are hyper- targeted to specific consumers, and this will cause. Targeted to specific consumers, and this will cause targeted to specific consumers, and this will cause. An abandonment of an abandonment of an abandonment of financial institutions that for a. Financial institutions that for a financial institutions that for a very long time offered a very. Very long time offered a very very long time offered a very generic product. I'm not saying they are. Generic product. I'm not saying they are generic product. I'm not saying they are. Bad, but I am saying that bad, but I am saying that bad, but I am saying that thanks to this advent and this kind of. Thanks to this advent and this kind of convergence of... Convergence of... Convergence of...   premises, there will be premises, there will be premises, there will be. Financial products and services financial products and services financial products and services. Focused on niches that would otherwise focused on niches that would otherwise focused on niches that would otherwise. Be be be served by a provider that didn't served by a provider that didn't served by a provider that didn't. Speak exactly to you, millennial, speak exactly to you, millennial, speak exactly to you, millennial,. Impactful startup company that needs... A impactful startup company that needs... A. Cooler card than the one the cooler card than the one the cooler card than the one the. SOFOM in Mexico gives you, or we have a SOFOM in Mexico gives you, or we have a SOFOM in Mexico gives you, or we have a. More suitable account for you, more suitable account for you, more suitable account for you,. Latin American freelancer, you like gaming, you get Latin American freelancer, you like gaming, you get. Latin American freelancer, you like gaming, you get paid with PayPal, paid with PayPal,. Paid with PayPal, and in Mexico, well, that's why there were so many and in Mexico, well, that's why there were so many. And in Mexico, well, that's why there were so many applications applications applications. For the fintech law because there are for the fintech law because there are for the fintech law because there are. Many types of markets, in niche many types of markets, in niche many types of markets, in niche. Markets, to whom you can give a markets, to whom you can give a markets, to whom you can give a. Very suitable product and make a very suitable product and make a very suitable product and make a. Great business by achieving that. There isn't great business by achieving that. There isn't. Great business by achieving that. There isn't a million clients in a bank, a million clients in a bank,. A million clients in a bank, well, then lending to a million well, then lending to a million. Well, then lending to a million people, people, people, World Davis, you know, I'm sure we're going to. World Davis, you know, I'm sure we're going to World Davis, you know, I'm sure we're going to. Continue expanding throughout continue expanding throughout continue expanding throughout. The region. There will be more John Bond Link, the region. There will be more John Bond Link,. The region. There will be more John Bond Link, more financial services with more more financial services with more. More financial services with more options that are personalized locally, options that are personalized locally,. Options that are personalized locally, or rather, manage to create an offer that is. Or rather, manage to create an offer that is or rather, manage to create an offer that is. Much more suited to much more suited to much more suited to specific needs, and I think we're going to. Specific needs, and I think we're going to specific needs, and I think we're going to. See that not only throughout the see that not only throughout the see that not only throughout the. Region but across the entire range of region but across the entire range of region but across the entire range of. Financial services that exist for financial services that exist for financial services that exist for. Companies and people. Companies and people. Companies and people. Perfect. Well, I think this is a Perfect. Well, I think this is a Perfect. Well, I think this is a. Very important point for our talk very important point for our talk very important point for our talk. Today because Unbond Link is today because Unbond Link is today because Unbond Link is. Allowing new technologies to be allowing new technologies to be allowing new technologies to be. Used for specific cases and uses used for specific cases and uses used for specific cases and uses. In finance, and because before we had, like, in finance, and because before we had, like,. In finance, and because before we had, like, the solutions Grouped the solutions Grouped. The solutions Grouped by banks and the experience for by banks and the experience for. By banks and the experience for remittances, that's what remittances, that's what. Remittances, that's what the work is doing with the work is doing with the work is doing with. The cards for the 'semi'. It was something the cards for the 'semi'. It was something. The cards for the 'semi'. It was something that was very widespread, and so I think. That was very widespread, and so I think that was very widespread, and so I think. That above the 'bund' link, it's that above the 'bund' link, it's that above the 'bund' link, it's. Also creating an opportunity for also creating an opportunity for also creating an opportunity for. Innovation in each of the innovation in each of the innovation in each of the verticals. And at this point, Arnold, you. Verticals. And at this point, Arnold, you verticals. And at this point, Arnold, you. Have a privileged vision because have a privileged vision because have a privileged vision because. You see the corporate side, but also you see the corporate side, but also you see the corporate side, but also. The side of Elvis Are Dangers, and I mean, in this the side of Elvis Are Dangers, and I mean, in this. The side of Elvis Are Dangers, and I mean, in this emergence of new emergence of new. Emergence of new financial technologies with Conan Bund financial technologies with Conan Bund. Financial technologies with Conan Bund Link and HyperFockers, as Rubén Link and HyperFockers, as Rubén. Link and HyperFockers, as Rubén mentioned, I mentioned, I mentioned, I 've seen the investments in NATO funds. 've seen the investments in NATO funds following a specific area or following a specific area or. Trend. And if there's any projection of trend. And if there's any projection of trend. And if there's any projection of. Where these funds are going to where these funds are going to where these funds are going to. Migrate in the near future, migrate in the near future, migrate in the near future,. Where they will be in the world, where they will be in the world, undoubtedly I think there are certain. Undoubtedly I think there are certain macro factors in Latin America that macro factors in Latin America that. Macro factors in Latin America that are in our favor, are in our favor, are in our favor,. And there are regions like Southeast Asia and there are regions like Southeast Asia. And there are regions like Southeast Asia Pacific that also have certain Pacific that also have certain. Pacific that also have certain similarities. We have a market with similarities. We have a market with. Similarities. We have a market with more than 650 million people, more than 650 million people,. More than 650 million people, most of whom are, in quotes, most of whom are, in quotes,. Most of whom are, in quotes, young people, being able to access young people, being able to access. Young people, being able to access a smartphone that is a smartphone that is a smartphone that is. Becoming something every day. More accessible in becoming something every day. More accessible in. Becoming something every day. More accessible in terms of price and development programs, and at the same. Terms of price and development programs, and at the same terms of price and development programs, and at the same. Time we have time we have time we have financial services from financial services from. Financial services from traditional players, traditional players, traditional players,. Which is an extremely profitable business, which is an extremely profitable business,. Which is an extremely profitable business, but at the same time it's a business where. But at the same time it's a business where but at the same time it's a business where. Three, four, or five institutions in a three, four, or five institutions in a three, four, or five institutions in a. Country control 70 or 80 percent of the country control 70 or 80 percent of the country control 70 or 80 percent of the. Banking market. So I think that at a banking market. So I think that at a banking market. So I think that at a. Macro level, when you step back a bit and see macro level, when you step back a bit and see. Macro level, when you step back a bit and see these dynamics, you say, well, there's an. These dynamics, you say, well, there's an these dynamics, you say, well, there's an. Opportunity to offer opportunity to offer opportunity to offer the most basic financial services. The most basic financial services the most basic financial services simply in a much better way and with a. Simply in a much better way and with a simply in a much better way and with a much better experience than what we've been. Much better experience than what we've been much better experience than what we've been. Seeing. So, from the seeing. So, from the seeing. So, from the investors' perspective, both. Investors' perspective, both investors' perspective, both Flequillo Ex and Vista, but also. Flequillo Ex and Vista, but also Flequillo Ex and Vista, but also many of our investors. Many of our investors many of our investors are Valen, Cuide, are Valen, Cuide, are Valen, Cuide,. Etc. We invest with schools; there's etc. We invest with schools; there's etc. We invest with schools; there's. An immense appetite there because, an immense appetite there because, an immense appetite there because,. Despite what we read in the centers that they despite what we read in the centers that they. Despite what we read in the centers that they deny that Plaza So-and-so is raising more money,. Deny that Plaza So-and-so is raising more money, deny that Plaza So-and-so is raising more money,. All these investment rounds all these investment rounds all these investment rounds. Are excellent, but they still don't represent, are excellent, but they still don't represent,. Are excellent, but they still don't represent, in my opinion, even 10% of the in my opinion, even 10% of the. In my opinion, even 10% of the opportunity in Latin America. Opportunity in Latin America. Opportunity in Latin America. In my opinion, there is a market In my opinion, there is a market In my opinion, there is a market. That you could see in Newark, given its that you could see in Newark, given its that you could see in Newark, given its. Size and what we've seen, and I would say and what we've seen, and I would say mainly in the last 24 months, one thing is that there are. Mainly in the last 24 months, one thing is that there are mainly in the last 24 months, one thing is that there are. More crisis activities. They'll more crisis activities. They'll more crisis activities. They'll. Cut us off, Choca, but it's entering a cut us off, Choca, but it's entering a cut us off, Choca, but it's entering a. Bit more aggressively. Bit more aggressively. Bit more aggressively. Traditionally, it's the Traditionally, it's the Traditionally, it's the Vista-type companies, but we're also seeing. Vista-type companies, but we're also seeing Vista-type companies, but we're also seeing. Latin American companies that aren't in Latin American companies that aren't in Latin American companies that aren't in. Financial services. Some are financial services. Some are financial services. Some are. Not very large soda bottlers not very large soda bottlers not very large soda bottlers. That are making investments that are making investments that are making investments. In digital wallets, in digital wallets, in digital wallets, and we saw this case with. And we saw this case with and we saw this case with Conecta in Mexico, where the first. Conecta in Mexico, where the first Conecta in Mexico, where the first big investor was Oxxo, and. Big investor was Oxxo, and big investor was Oxxo, and through the Gente group. So we're. Through the Gente group. So we're through the Gente group. So we're seeing more activity from the. Seeing more activity from the seeing more activity from the difficult side and from traditional funds. What's. Difficult side and from traditional funds. What's difficult side and from traditional funds. What's. Interesting that we're seeing now interesting that we're seeing now interesting that we're seeing now. Is that there's is that there's is that there's a group of funds that a group of funds that. A group of funds that have traditionally been what they have traditionally been what they. Have traditionally been what they call "rose-colored" funds, which are funds that. Call "rose-colored" funds, which are funds that call "rose-colored" funds, which are funds that. Mainly enter mainly enter mainly enter growth rounds, series, growth rounds, series,. Growth rounds, series, etc., etc., etc., by Tim Cairo, etc. And these funds are by Tim Cairo, etc. And these funds are. By Tim Cairo, etc. And these funds are now sometimes getting involved in now sometimes getting involved in. Now sometimes getting involved in the rounds, if not the rounds, if not the rounds, if not. Today, the 'tie-break' and vice, to be today, the 'tie-break' and vice, to be today, the 'tie-break' and vice, to be. Able to have a position in these able to have a position in these able to have a position in these. Companies. So we're seeing, which companies. So we're seeing, which companies. So we're seeing, which. For me is excellent, for me is excellent, for me is excellent, liquidity liquidity. Liquidity because I've never seen, at least in because I've never seen, at least in. Because I've never seen, at least in my career, I tell you, many friends have n't. N't. And the verticals that we're seeing of And the verticals that we're seeing of And the verticals that we're seeing of. Great interest, great interest, great interest, one is infrastructure. One is infrastructure. One is infrastructure. Nowadays, it's not very easy to enable a Nowadays, it's not very easy to enable a. Nowadays, it's not very easy to enable a program, say, for cards in Mexico program, say, for cards in Mexico. Program, say, for cards in Mexico and verify it. A very easy way in and verify it. A very easy way in. And verify it. A very easy way in Brazil, and then launching Brazil, and then launching. Brazil, and then launching that infrastructure in Colombia, shouldn't be the case if there's. That infrastructure in Colombia, shouldn't be the case if there's that infrastructure in Colombia, shouldn't be the case if there's. Demand. It increases, and there are companies that have already demand. It increases, and there are companies that have already. Demand. It increases, and there are companies that have already raised rounds, and. Raised rounds, and raised rounds, and others that are in the process. Others that are in the process. Others that are in the process. All the issues of Cristo, I think more All the issues of Cristo, I think more All the issues of Cristo, I think more. Recently with the benefits of the recently with the benefits of the recently with the benefits of the. Disc market in Del Viso, which melted disc market in Del Viso, which melted disc market in Del Viso, which melted. Two weeks ago, I two weeks ago, I two weeks ago, I think there's a think there's a. Think there's a very big opportunity there, particularly with very big opportunity there, particularly with. Very big opportunity there, particularly with stablecoins, all the stablecoins, all the. Stablecoins, all the solutions around USD/DC and solutions around USD/DC and solutions around USD/DC and. Other very attractive solutions. And then other very attractive solutions. And then. Other very attractive solutions. And then in the area of in the area of in the area of. Basic financial services, I mean, being able to make basic financial services, I mean, being able to make. Basic financial services, I mean, being able to make a payment online, not being able to buy. A payment online, not being able to buy a payment online, not being able to buy or eat without a credit card,. Or eat without a credit card, or eat without a credit card, and being able to get a. And being able to get a consumer loan for basic services consumer loan for basic services. Consumer loan for basic services that are currently offered by that are currently offered by. That are currently offered by traditional players, but whose experiences are traditional players, but whose experiences are. Traditional players, but whose experiences are perhaps not the best. So, perhaps not the best. So,. Perhaps not the best. So, we are very active in the sector. Today we are very active in the sector. Today. We are very active in the sector. Today we have a portfolio of five companies we have a portfolio of five companies. We have a portfolio of five companies in the process of being established, with several more,. In the process of being established, with several more, in the process of being established, with several more,. And we are investing in banking as a and we are investing in banking as a and we are investing in banking as a. Service, service, service, acquiring, or issues of how we grow acquiring, or issues of how we grow. Acquiring, or issues of how we grow merchant acceptance in the region, merchant acceptance in the region,. Merchant acceptance in the region, processors, issuers, many processors, issuers, many. Processors, issuers, many related infrastructures, related infrastructures, related infrastructures,. And so I think we are going to and so I think we are going to and so I think we are going to. See much more traction from see much more traction from see much more traction from. Large investors, funds, and the large investors, funds, and the large investors, funds, and the. Same You see, same You see, same You see, a talent that we're seeing today, a talent that we're seeing today,. A talent that we're seeing today, incredible talent emerging from companies incredible talent emerging from companies. Incredible talent emerging from companies like Braf and Uber Latin America, from like Braf and Uber Latin America, from. Like Braf and Uber Latin America, from Strike, Strike, Strike, and at a good time, The New Band, etc. And at a good time, The New Band, etc. And at a good time, The New Band, etc. So I think the dynamics are So I think the dynamics are So I think the dynamics are. There to start businesses, without a there to start businesses, without a there to start businesses, without a. Doubt. Doubt. Doubt. Well, wonderful also for me, who hasn't been Well, wonderful also for me, who hasn't been. Well, wonderful also for me, who hasn't been in Latin America for a in Latin America for a. In Latin America for a few years, to hear this from someone few years, to hear this from someone. Few years, to hear this from someone who's closer because it makes me who's closer because it makes me. Who's closer because it makes me happy that we have happy that we have happy that we have. This liquidity, this opportunity. He this liquidity, this opportunity. He this liquidity, this opportunity. He. Spoke, and I think the categories he spoke, and I think the categories he spoke, and I think the categories he. Mentioned will be in mentioned will be in mentioned will be in our talk today as well. For example,. Our talk today as well. For example, our talk today as well. For example, the infrastructure, the volume that. The infrastructure, the volume that the infrastructure, the volume that we're doing to scale. We're talking a. We're doing to scale. We're talking a we're doing to scale. We're talking a lot about crypto infrastructure, going to. Lot about crypto infrastructure, going to lot about crypto infrastructure, going to. Companies that today provide companies that today provide companies that today provide. Custody or similar services. To see if custody or similar services. To see if custody or similar services. To see if. Making a deposit in the US making a deposit in the US making a deposit in the US or other countries is almost a million. Or other countries is almost a million or other countries is almost a million dollars in investment in. Dollars in investment in dollars in investment in Latin America, also a considerable amount. Latin America, also a considerable amount. Latin America, also a considerable amount. So, it's very close to So, it's very close to So, it's very close to our perception. And that's it, Carlos. Our perception. And that's it, Carlos. Our perception. And that's it, Carlos. Thank you very much. And Thank you very much. And Thank you very much. And continuing with this, a little. Continuing with this, a little continuing with this, a little more on investments. Have you made any. More on investments. Have you made any more on investments. Have you made any very. Very very recent contributions, and have you done so in an recent contributions, and have you done so in an. Recent contributions, and have you done so in an innovative way? Yes, so can you innovative way? Yes, so can you. Innovative way? Yes, so can you talk a little bit about that? From talk a little bit about that? From. Talk a little bit about that? From your company's experience as a startup your company's experience as a startup. Your company's experience as a startup fundraising in Latin America, and if this fundraising in Latin America, and if this. Investment came from Latin America, the investment came from Latin America, the investment came from Latin America, the. Funds were given more from other funds were given more from other funds were given more from other. Regions, very gladly. Very gladly. At the end of the day, there's an At the end of the day, there's an At the end of the day, there's an. Interesting figure to consider: the population interesting figure to consider: the population. Interesting figure to consider: the population of Latin America is of Latin America is. Of Latin America is 650 million people, which 650 million people, which 650 million people, which. Translates into 650 million translates into 650 million translates into 650 million. Possibilities. Possibilities. Possibilities. So, Frayba has So, Frayba has So, Frayba has been investing in been investing in been investing in. Its own platform, and now, in its own platform, and now, in its own platform, and now, in. Our last our last our last investment round, we worked with various investment round, we worked with various. Investment round, we worked with various players players players in the sector, a combination of. In the sector, a combination of in the sector, a combination of players in North America and also in. Players in North America and also in players in North America and also in the region, precisely because the. The region, precisely because the the region, precisely because the possibilities seen here are quite. Possibilities seen here are quite possibilities seen here are quite extensive. We're talking about a. Extensive. We're talking about a extensive. We're talking about a place where there's a need to have. Place where there's a need to have place where there's a need to have this mechanism to be able to launch. This mechanism to be able to launch this mechanism to be able to launch businesses, especially at this. Businesses, especially at this businesses, especially at this point where we talk about—and I think it's been. Point where we talk about—and I think it's been point where we talk about—and I think it's been. Mentioned—the moment to be mentioned—the moment to be mentioned—the moment to be a founder. So, it's about giving. A founder. So, it's about giving a founder. So, it's about giving these founders the possibilities, the. These founders the possibilities, the these founders the possibilities, the tools to be able to have. Tools to be able to have tools to be able to have financial inclusion. And here the point is, okay, company after. Financial inclusion. And here the point is, okay, company after financial inclusion. And here the point is, okay, company after. Company sees that they are making company sees that they are making company sees that they are making. These connections, so what means do these connections, so what means do these connections, so what means do. We put at their disposal to be able to we put at their disposal to be able to we put at their disposal to be able to. Achieve this objective? And through this, it's achieve this objective? And through this, it's. Achieve this objective? And through this, it's basically the The spirit I bring to the. Basically the The spirit I bring to the basically the The spirit I bring to the. Search, and we've been working hard search, and we've been working hard search, and we've been working hard. With these investors on this mission to with these investors on this mission to with these investors on this mission to. Empower companies and, more empower companies and, more empower companies and, more. Importantly, to facilitate—I'll tell you—their importantly, to facilitate—I'll tell you—their. Importantly, to facilitate—I'll tell you—their lifecycle, especially when we talk. Lifecycle, especially when we talk lifecycle, especially when we talk about tasks that are sometimes part of. About tasks that are sometimes part of about tasks that are sometimes part of everyday life, like simplifying the. Everyday life, like simplifying the everyday life, like simplifying the payroll cycle, being able to make. Payroll cycle, being able to make payroll cycle, being able to make transfers in a matter of minutes, or, well,. Transfers in a matter of minutes, or, well, transfers in a matter of minutes, or, well,. If we go to if we go to if we go to technological precision, seconds. Not having that. Technological precision, seconds. Not having that technological precision, seconds. Not having that. Competitive advantage that helps competitive advantage that helps competitive advantage that helps. Preserve this issue of preserve this issue of preserve this issue of speed—today we sometimes talk about how. Speed—today we sometimes talk about how speed—today we sometimes talk about how technology can cause disruption and. Technology can cause disruption and technology can cause disruption and change—and applied to. Change—and applied to change—and applied to Findeter in particular, we see this new era. Findeter in particular, we see this new era Findeter in particular, we see this new era. Of connecting services, not because we still of connecting services, not because we still. Of connecting services, not because we still have a legacy environment and a have a legacy environment and a. Have a legacy environment and a new one, and now a new one, and now a new one, and now a. New way is emerging that will new way is emerging that will new way is emerging that will. Allow us to have a means to allow us to have a means to allow us to have a means to. Accelerate. Perfect. And you mentioned that, well, Perfect. And you mentioned that, well, part of the funding, while in. Part of the funding, while in part of the funding, while in North America, part of the. North America, part of the North America, part of the Latin American region, and I think an. Latin American region, and I think an Latin American region, and I think an interesting intersection on the topic. Interesting intersection on the topic interesting intersection on the topic of our panel, finance, and. Of our panel, finance, and of our panel, finance, and also the discussion of funding rounds. Also the discussion of funding rounds also the discussion of funding rounds in Latin America, is that you also. In Latin America, is that you also in Latin America, is that you also innovated in the way you do the round. Innovated in the way you do the round. Innovated in the way you do the round. New technologies will be used for New technologies will be used for New technologies will be used for. This. Can you talk about... A little bit of that this. Can you talk about... A little bit of that. This. Can you talk about... A little bit of that too, too, too, in the end there's an. In the end there's an in the end there's an interesting component in the dye part, right? And it's in. Interesting component in the dye part, right? And it's in interesting component in the dye part, right? And it's in. This era where everything is a service. This era where everything is a service. This era where everything is a service. Now we're playing hard with the Now we're playing hard with the Now we're playing hard with the. Banking-as-a-service aspect and banking-as-a-service aspect and banking-as-a-service aspect and. Enabling platforms that allow us to enabling platforms that allow us to enabling platforms that allow us to. Interconnect, especially to interconnect, especially to interconnect, especially to. Accelerate the last transaction. Accelerate the last transaction. Accelerate the last transaction. This greatly simplifies This greatly simplifies This greatly simplifies operations, and we're also introducing. Operations, and we're also introducing operations, and we're also introducing how to accelerate. How to accelerate how to accelerate payments. Payments. Payments. The famous PP professor has The famous PP professor has The famous PP professor has. Been a key issue for been a key issue for been a key issue for us, and all of this is empowered by. Us, and all of this is empowered by us, and all of this is empowered by allowing our clients to. Allowing our clients to allowing our clients to apply for a line of credit apply for a line of credit. Apply for a line of credit in a matter of minutes. In a matter of minutes. In a matter of minutes. This is where we have a This is where we have a This is where we have a certain strong area of ​​the path because. Certain strong area of ​​the path because certain strong area of ​​the path because. We leverage we leverage we leverage artificial intelligence to have a model artificial intelligence to have a model. Artificial intelligence to have a model that that that includes growth vectors. It's not a. Includes growth vectors. It's not a includes growth vectors. It's not a bit about renting the status quo and saying what. Bit about renting the status quo and saying what bit about renting the status quo and saying what. We can do to be a we can do to be a we can do to be a strong partner for these companies and, above. Strong partner for these companies and, above strong partner for these companies and, above. All, help them catalyze all, help them catalyze all, help them catalyze simplicity in their operations. Simplicity in their operations. Simplicity in their operations. In addition to this, there's the issue of In addition to this, there's the issue of. In addition to this, there's the issue of expense management and also expense management and also. Expense management and also integrations with integrations with integrations with. Accounting platforms, which are again the area in the banking-as-a- accounting platforms, which are again the area in the banking-as-a-. Accounting platforms, which are again the area in the banking-as-a- service era, having this. Service era, having this service era, having this information close to real-time and the. Information close to real-time and the information close to real-time and the new result in a matter of seconds. Being. New result in a matter of seconds. Being new result in a matter of seconds. Being. Able to be aligned, okay, what is the able to be aligned, okay, what is the able to be aligned, okay, what is the. Intelligence on the money coming in, intelligence on the money coming in, intelligence on the money coming in,. But also the money going out, and but also the money going out, and but also the money going out, and. Ultimately being able to analyze what ultimately being able to analyze what ultimately being able to analyze what. These trends are, especially where I'm these trends are, especially where I'm these trends are, especially where I'm. Seeing more, where I'm seeing more, where I'm seeing more, where I'm spending more, what my. Spending more, what my spending more, what my needs are, and from there work needs are, and from there work. Needs are, and from there work with other departments that contribute great with other departments that contribute great. With other departments that contribute great value to the company, Edith, but above all, you. Value to the company, Edith, but above all, you value to the company, Edith, but above all, you. Can decide to donate less because of something can decide to donate less because of something. Can decide to donate less because of something that is the data aspect, because here. That is the data aspect, because here that is the data aspect, because here in this new era it is a very. In this new era it is a very in this new era it is a very strong lever for all of us where. Strong lever for all of us where strong lever for all of us where information helps us make better. Information helps us make better information helps us make better decisions. Decisions. Decisions. Perfect. I asked that question Perfect. I asked that question Perfect. I asked that question. Because I know a little about the products you because I know a little about the products you. Because I know a little about the products you bring today. Bring today. Bring today. You started with products that, You started with products that, You started with products that,. Perhaps looking from the outside, seem like perhaps looking from the outside, seem like. Perhaps looking from the outside, seem like normal banking products, like a normal banking products, like a. Normal banking products, like a loan or a line of credit or a loan or a line of credit or a. Loan or a line of credit or a credit card, but you get credit card, but you get credit card, but you get. Closer to understanding how it works. Closer to understanding how it works. Closer to understanding how it works. You are using Block Cheyne and you You are using Block Cheyne and you You are using Block Cheyne and you. Are using this button. You are are using this button. You are are using this button. You are. Using this to enable, in exchange using this to enable, in exchange using this to enable, in exchange. For senders, the price, speed, for senders, the price, speed, for senders, the price, speed,. Better analytics better analytics better analytics to improve it. So, do to improve it. So, do. To improve it. So, do you think it connects a little with what you think it connects a little with what. You think it connects a little with what Rubén and I were talking about, and to finish,. Rubén and I were talking about, and to finish, Rubén and I were talking about, and to finish,. The super spotlights and how to improve the the super spotlights and how to improve the. The super spotlights and how to improve the help experience, and using new help experience, and using new. Help experience, and using new technologies. Sometimes you use technologies. Sometimes you use. Technologies. Sometimes you use products that already exist, but they exist in products that already exist, but they exist in. Products that already exist, but they exist in a different format. That it wasn't addressing some of the. A different format. That it wasn't addressing some of the a different format. That it wasn't addressing some of the. Population's follow-ups, like population's follow-ups, like population's follow-ups, like. For example, fintechs and for example, fintechs and for example, fintechs and startups, and CCO believes that so here's. Startups, and CCO believes that so here's startups, and CCO believes that so here's. A message for those who a message for those who a message for those who are with us about the possibility. Are with us about the possibility are with us about the possibility of reinventing existing products. Of reinventing existing products of reinventing existing products with other with other. With other existing technologies, like blogs themselves. And existing technologies, like blogs themselves. And. Existing technologies, like blogs themselves. And the last question for this section, I'm. The last question for this section, I'm the last question for this section, I'm going to leave it open for. Going to leave it open for going to leave it open for anyone who wants to talk about it,. Anyone who wants to talk about it, anyone who wants to talk about it, but I won't because it was very strong. But I won't because it was very strong but I won't because it was very strong for me that we have room for 45, 90, or. For me that we have room for 45, 90, or for me that we have room for 45, 90, or 45 Mercado Pagos or similar platforms,. 45 Mercado Pagos or similar platforms, 45 Mercado Pagos or similar platforms, and. And and I wonder a bit why we aren't there yet. I mean, it's already being taken for granted that we're at. I wonder a bit why we aren't there yet. I mean, it's already being taken for granted that we're at. The forefront of the the forefront of the fintech revolution, a club that perhaps. Fintech revolution, a club that perhaps fintech revolution, a club that perhaps falls short or that we're lacking to reach its. Falls short or that we're lacking to reach its falls short or that we're lacking to reach its. Full potential. So, if anyone full potential. So, if anyone full potential. So, if anyone. Has an opinion, a point they'd has an opinion, a point they'd has an opinion, a point they'd. Like to bring up, well, I do n't know what other evidence there could be that there is. N't know what other evidence there could be that there is going to be, or is, a fintech revolution. It. Going to be, or is, a fintech revolution. It 's imminent, you know. There's a 's imminent, you know. There's a. Beastly amount of money flowing into the space. Beastly amount of money flowing into the space. Beastly amount of money flowing into the space. There are There are There are 15 alternative financial products 15 alternative financial products. 15 alternative financial products that are competing for your attention all day that are competing for your attention all day. That are competing for your attention all day on Instagram. On Instagram. On Instagram. The "think it" means that you, and I The "think it" means that you, and I The "think it" means that you, and I. Think it's going to be think it's going to be think it's going to be a somewhat painful change because. A somewhat painful change because a somewhat painful change because right now the market is a bit closed. I do. N't think we can expect anything n't think we can expect anything different different. Different from a similar action or reaction from a similar action or reaction from a similar action or reaction. To what the taxi drivers had to what the taxi drivers had to what the taxi drivers had. When Uber came in. And I think when Uber came in. And I think when Uber came in. And I think.    the taxis in this case are much more the taxis in this case are much more. The taxis in this case are much more powerful than the taxis and the unions powerful than the taxis and the unions. Powerful than the taxis and the unions they have, who nevertheless they have, who nevertheless. They have, who nevertheless managed to make certain changes and have managed to make certain changes and have. Managed to make certain changes and have managed to slow things down in several managed to slow things down in several. Managed to slow things down in several cities. And I think that the banks, which cities. And I think that the banks, which. Cities. And I think that the banks, which have a lot of economic interests, are have a lot of economic interests, are. Have a lot of economic interests, are going to protect their motorcycles, just like I. Going to protect their motorcycles, just like I going to protect their motorcycles, just like I. Would, because I'm an executive who would, because I'm an executive who would, because I'm an executive who. Has a company, I have, well, has a company, I have, well, has a company, I have, well,. The game, because I'm not going to do anything but the game, because I'm not going to do anything but. The game, because I'm not going to do anything but protect what's mine, you know? And I say, I. Protect what's mine, you know? And I say, I protect what's mine, you know? And I say, I. 'm very capitalist, for me anything goes. I mean, as long as it's 'm very capitalist, for me anything goes. I mean, as long as it's. 'm very capitalist, for me anything goes. I mean, as long as it's ethical and moral, but. Ethical and moral, but ethical and moral, but if it's a way, a license, you take advantage of it. That's how. If it's a way, a license, you take advantage of it. That's how if it's a way, a license, you take advantage of it. That's how. I'm looking for the I'm looking for the I'm looking for the license because it's going to be another way, and I know they're. License because it's going to be another way, and I know they're license because it's going to be another way, and I know they're. Not going to let me do certain not going to let me do certain not going to let me do certain. Things because these Delmonte guys, the banks, we're things because these Delmonte guys, the banks, we're. Things because these Delmonte guys, the banks, we're also going to do things with the banks,. Also going to do things with the banks, also going to do things with the banks, and if it becomes a case like. And if it becomes a case like and if it becomes a case like Venezuela, well, if there are cases like That. Venezuela, well, if there are cases like That Venezuela, well, if there are cases like That. Person who also serves in those person who also serves in those person who also serves in those. Places, places, places, anything goes, and I think we have to anything goes, and I think we have to. Anything goes, and I think we have to work together and work together and work together and. Support our friends at Vista support our friends at Vista support our friends at Vista. Estelar because in a way you Estelar because in a way you Estelar because in a way you. Have have have a key; a key; a key; you can you can you can give a person in a country a. Give a person in a country a give a person in a country a card with which they can spend their. Card with which they can spend their card with which they can spend their money. It's a super powerful channel, and. Money. It's a super powerful channel, and money. It's a super powerful channel, and. Visa Visa Visa has to decide has to decide has to decide if it wants to be on the team of. If it wants to be on the team of if it wants to be on the team of innovation, inclusion, and progress,. Innovation, inclusion, and progress, innovation, inclusion, and progress, or if it wants to help the banks. Or if it wants to help the banks or if it wants to help the banks save their money. And I think it's And I think it's a question for more because a question for more because. A question for more because I think there's a lot of I think there's a lot of I think there's a lot of. Infrastructure that doesn't depend on infrastructure that doesn't depend on infrastructure that doesn't depend on. Banks; it's there for the banks, which banks; it's there for the banks, which banks; it's there for the banks, which. Can also be used by Intex can also be used by Intex can also be used by Intex so that Intex can offer. So that Intex can offer so that Intex can offer financial services. And this financial services. And this. Financial services. And this is gay, and Pérez can either not conspire is gay, and Pérez can either not conspire. Is gay, and Pérez can either not conspire or they can join the fight for or they can join the fight for. Or they can join the fight for financial freedom, financial freedom, financial freedom,. And Biz is a very clear example and Biz is a very clear example and Biz is a very clear example. Because they're right there in the middle. But for because they're right there in the middle. But for. Because they're right there in the middle. But for example, Kaká or Page weren't allowed to. Example, Kaká or Page weren't allowed to example, Kaká or Page weren't allowed to. Operate in Mexico anymore, so operate in Mexico anymore, so operate in Mexico anymore, so. Now you're going to see everyone going now you're going to see everyone going now you're going to see everyone going. Directly with Visa to launch their programs directly with Visa to launch their programs. Directly with Visa to launch their programs or with a sponsoring bank. Or with a sponsoring bank. Or with a sponsoring bank. But But But the question the question the question here for Visa is, what do you think? Which. Here for Visa is, what do you think? Which here for Visa is, what do you think? Which. Side are you going to take? And what I say is to be side are you going to take? And what I say is to be. Side are you going to take? And what I say is to be careful. I'm going to knock on your door. Careful. I'm going to knock on your door careful. I'm going to knock on your door. On Monday. Arnoldo, neutral, because under on Monday. Arnoldo, neutral, because under. On Monday. Arnoldo, neutral, because under clause 27, article 2 of our clause 27, article 2 of our. Clause 27, article 2 of our rules, your company is mentioned in the rules, your company is mentioned in the. Rules, your company is mentioned in the panel and has priority of response. Panel and has priority of response. Panel and has priority of response. So no, there's no So no, there's no So no, there's no problem. Actually, Vista is. Problem. Actually, Vista is problem. Actually, Vista is in a very interesting position. In a very interesting position. In a very interesting position. We're literally sitting in the middle We're literally sitting in the middle We're literally sitting in the middle. Of several ecosystems. Not of several ecosystems. Not of several ecosystems. Not traditionally, if you know our history, it. Traditionally, if you know our history, it traditionally, if you know our history, it. Started started started with a consortium of banks in the US. With a consortium of banks in the US. With a consortium of banks in the US. But I would say that although today But I would say that although today But I would say that although today. Most of the payment network business, most of the payment network business, most of the payment network business,. Not just Vista but other not just Vista but other not just Vista but other payment networks, comes from a. Payment networks, comes from a relatively simple business—not very relatively simple business—not very. Complex technologies, but very simple. You have complex technologies, but very simple. You have. Complex technologies, but very simple. You have members who are licensed for these. Members who are licensed for these members who are licensed for these networks. They partner with the networks, and these. Networks. They partner with the networks, and these networks. They partner with the networks, and these. Members today members today members today are mostly banks, and they issue or distribute. Are mostly banks, and they issue or distribute are mostly banks, and they issue or distribute. Vista payment credentials with Vista payment credentials with Vista payment credentials with. Any other brand. Any other brand. Any other brand. And our role is basically to And our role is basically to And our role is basically to. Ensure that the flow of money between those parties— ensure that the flow of money between those parties—. Ensure that the flow of money between those parties— the banks, the acquirers, the. The banks, the acquirers, the the banks, the acquirers, the merchants, the consumers—. Merchants, the consumers— merchants, the consumers— occurs. And at the end of the day, that's. Occurs. And at the end of the day, that's occurs. And at the end of the day, that's. Visa's technology. And what we Visa's technology. And what we Visa's technology. And what we. 've done in recent years 've done in recent years 've done in recent years is issue primary licenses. Is issue primary licenses is issue primary licenses to FinText, like FinText. You paint. To FinText, like FinText. You paint to FinText, like FinText. You paint so that they are another member of. So that they are another member of so that they are another member of Vista, not at the same time. Vista, not at the same time. Vista, not at the same time. Today you have companies that are Today you have companies that are Today you have companies that are. Based in Latin America that are already based in Latin America that are already based in Latin America that are already. Major members, just like a major members, just like a major members, just like a bank, and they can transact, they can. Bank, and they can transact, they can bank, and they can transact, they can consume Vista products, etc. Consume Vista products, etc. Consume Vista products, etc. But historically, I would say that companies But historically, I would say that companies. But historically, I would say that companies and other payment methods have been and other payment methods have been. And other payment methods have been grouped with banks because the grouped with banks because the. Grouped with banks because the business model comes from there. I think there is business model comes from there. I think there is. Business model comes from there. I think there is a regulatory issue a regulatory issue. A regulatory issue that we also have to deal with, just like that we also have to deal with, just like. That we also have to deal with, just like the dyes. I'm the dyes. I'm the dyes. I'm. Not going to get into specific cases, not going to get into specific cases, not going to get into specific cases,. But to say, issues with cacao, but to say, issues with cacao, but to say, issues with cacao,. It's a decision of the CNV or the other it's a decision of the CNV or the other it's a decision of the CNV or the other. Regulators, not Vista's decision. Regulators, not Vista's decision. Regulators, not Vista's decision. Rather, we have a strategic alliance with Rather, we have a strategic alliance with. Rather, we have a strategic alliance with cacao and many others because they help us. Cacao and many others because they help us cacao and many others because they help us. Enable Exintex, and in many cases, they enable Exintex, and in many cases, they enable Exintex, and in many cases, they. Help these farms to issue, say, help these farms to issue, say, help these farms to issue, say,. A prepaid credit or debit card, a prepaid credit or debit card, a prepaid credit or debit card,. In a fairly agile way. In a fairly agile way. In a fairly agile way. So I believe that our position is So I believe that our position is So I believe that our position is. And will continue to be and will continue to be and will continue to be how we contribute to the growth of the. How we contribute to the growth of the how we contribute to the growth of the ecosystem,. Ecosystem, ecosystem, and at the end of the day, our philosophy is that the and at the end of the day, our philosophy is that the. And at the end of the day, our philosophy is that the consumer will choose the best product, whether it's. Consumer will choose the best product, whether it's a card from a Mexican bank or. A card from a Mexican bank or any other country, and we... What we've been doing, let's. Any other country, and we... What we've been doing, let's call it through a program we. Call it through a program we call Central CAFTA, which involves thinking call Central CAFTA, which involves thinking. Call Central CAFTA, which involves thinking with Axtel, Victor Red, and through with Axtel, Victor Red, and through. With Axtel, Victor Red, and through Angers' view, is to help Angers' view, is to help. Angers' view, is to help the ecosystem grow. The ecosystem grow. The ecosystem grow. When money moves through When money moves through When money moves through Visa networks, this money may have been. Visa networks, this money may have been Visa networks, this money may have been generated by payments made by. Generated by payments made by generated by payments made by card players or traditional banks. Card players or traditional banks. Card players or traditional banks. But I do think there's a lot of work But I do think there's a lot of work to be done in the region because some. To be done in the region because some to be done in the region because some markets, some countries, say. Markets, some countries, say markets, some countries, say they're driving innovation, but at the. They're driving innovation, but at the they're driving innovation, but at the same time, you see and say, "Well, you say you're. Same time, you see and say, "Well, you say you're same time, you see and say, "Well, you say you're. Driving innovation, but the driving innovation, but the driving innovation, but the. Regulations don't allow for anything that regulations don't allow for anything that. Regulations don't allow for anything that can be done." And can be done." And can be done." And. Part of our role is precisely to part of our role is precisely to part of our role is precisely to. Educate regulators, from educate regulators, from educate regulators, from what cryptocurrencies are and what. What cryptocurrencies are and what what cryptocurrencies are and what browsing is, to how a VILLA ONION works,. Browsing is, to how a VILLA ONION works, browsing is, to how a VILLA ONION works,. Because they are relatively new models because they are relatively new models because they are relatively new models. Within the ecosystem. But today, it's But today, it's an effort that doesn't just exist; I think an effort that doesn't just exist; I think. An effort that doesn't just exist; I think the rest of the payment networks that the rest of the payment networks that. The rest of the payment networks that we're trying to streamline today are also involved. And the. We're trying to streamline today are also involved. And the we're trying to streamline today are also involved. And the. Point is not whether we're on the point is not whether we're on the point is not whether we're on the. Side of the banks or on the side of the numbers; side of the banks or on the side of the numbers;. Side of the banks or on the side of the numbers; I think it's that we're in the middle, and. I think it's that we're in the middle, and I think it's that we're in the middle, and. The business model... Rather, it the business model... Rather, it the business model... Rather, it. Feeds and grows as feeds and grows as feeds and grows as more companies go towards what it. More companies go towards what it does, does, does, managing products seen from other. Managing products seen from other managing products seen from other networks. In general, the ecosystem grows,. Networks. In general, the ecosystem grows, networks. In general, the ecosystem grows,. Not necessarily by taking the side not necessarily by taking the side not necessarily by taking the side. Of a personality, and Arnoldo, you don't of a personality, and Arnoldo, you don't. Of a personality, and Arnoldo, you don't feel like I'm attacking, but you feel like I'm attacking, but you. Feel like I'm attacking, but you clearly see it clearly see it clearly see it [Applause]. [Applause] [Applause] pushing the technology, and you're on this pushing the technology, and you're on this. Pushing the technology, and you're on this panel, talking with those on panel, talking with those on. Panel, talking with those on this side, and those from Bring Dance, and those from. This side, and those from Bring Dance, and those from this side, and those from Bring Dance, and those from. Wire or Serpents. Clearly, you Wire or Serpents. Clearly, you Wire or Serpents. Clearly, you. Are pushing for that, but are pushing for that, but are pushing for that, but my question is, how, and no, I don't. My question is, how, and no, I don't my question is, how, and no, I don't know much about the. Know much about the know much about the integration that Visa integration that Visa. Integration that Visa Stellar is doing, but could it be that could it be that a client can spend their money. A client can spend their money a client can spend their money in their World directly on Visa and Visa. In their World directly on Visa and Visa in their World directly on Visa and Visa. Receives, for example, some in receives, for example, some in receives, for example, some in. Exchange for that money they are going to exchange for that money they are going to. Exchange for that money they are going to spend, or will there always have to be a. Spend, or will there always have to be a spend, or will there always have to be a. Bank in between Visa and people who don't look bank in between Visa and people who don't look. Bank in between Visa and people who don't look at the more specific part at the more specific part. At the more specific part of the written work, of the written work, of the written work,. We will see that we have enabled we will see that we have enabled we will see that we have enabled. Settlement, which is the status of the settlement, which is the status of the settlement, which is the status of the. Transaction. In your case, it's different, so we have transaction. In your case, it's different, so we have. Transaction. In your case, it's different, so we have added WebBike, we have integrated the age. Added WebBike, we have integrated the age added WebBike, we have integrated the age. Of the 150 coins within the of the 150 coins within the of the 150 coins within the. Visa ecosystem, and so it has accepted Visa ecosystem, and so it has accepted Visa ecosystem, and so it has accepted. Players. They can settle players. They can settle players. They can settle directly on Vista Net with Diversity. Directly on Vista Net with Diversity. Directly on Vista Net with Diversity. We launched the Betia Club We launched the Betia Club We launched the Betia Club through an investment we made. Through an investment we made through an investment we made with the registration in the US to. With the registration in the US to with the registration in the US to offer any offer any. Offer any player in Latin America who wants to provide player in Latin America who wants to provide. Player in Latin America who wants to provide those services of buying, selling, and. Those services of buying, selling, and those services of buying, selling, and storing Christ's coins to 13 Vista. Storing Christ's coins to 13 Vista storing Christ's coins to 13 Vista Delights. There are. Delights. There are Delights. There are some things we are developing some things we are developing. Some things we are developing around energy and how to help around energy and how to help. Around energy and how to help people who are generating energy to people who are generating energy to. People who are generating energy to market it. So I think at the market it. So I think at the. Market it. So I think at the end of the day it's end of the day it's end of the day it's. Not necessarily about not necessarily about not necessarily about ensuring there's always an. Ensuring there's always an ensuring there's always an intermediary; it's about how we can. Intermediary; it's about how we can intermediary; it's about how we can move value. Move value move value as long as it's safe and reliable. As long as it's safe and reliable. As long as it's safe and reliable. And all that because there's one thing we And all that because there's one thing we. And all that because there's one thing we know: the most intimate thing for a know: the most intimate thing for a. Know: the most intimate thing for a person is their money, or for a person is their money, or for a. Person is their money, or for a company. So I think there's still a company. So I think there's still a. Company. So I think there's still a lot to be done. Lot to be done. Lot to be done. Right now, the Right now, the Right now, the philosophy was... what philosophy was... what. Philosophy was... what we're doing now is to eliminate we're doing now is to eliminate. We're doing now is to eliminate intermediaries, not person-to-person or whatever. Intermediaries, not person-to-person or whatever. Intermediaries, not person-to-person or whatever. And so I think And so I think And so I think eventually we're going to find eventually we're going to find. Eventually we're going to find use cases where there's no reason to use cases where there's no reason to. Use cases where there's no reason to have two or three intermediaries. That's have two or three intermediaries. That's. Have two or three intermediaries. That's not necessarily what it's about, but to be. Not necessarily what it's about, but to be not necessarily what it's about, but to be. Honest, it's great honest, it's great honest, it's great because many tasks are relatively. Because many tasks are relatively because many tasks are relatively new for payment networks. Yes, I. New for payment networks. Yes, I new for payment networks. Yes, I think this discussion connects very. Think this discussion connects very think this discussion connects very well to the question because... Maybe it's in. Well to the question because... Maybe it's in well to the question because... Maybe it's in. The middle, yes, I mean, I see how Rubén the middle, yes, I mean, I see how Rubén. The middle, yes, I mean, I see how Rubén spoke about whether it's ethical or spoke about whether it's ethical or. Spoke about whether it's ethical or correct to use it in the correct to use it in the. Correct to use it in the capitalist game, and he believes that Visa has capitalist game, and he believes that Visa has. Capitalist game, and he believes that Visa has interests in maintaining the 'Big Ben'. Interests in maintaining the 'Big Ben' interests in maintaining the 'Big Ben' XXXII and they continue to use Visas,. XXXII and they continue to use Visas, XXXII and they continue to use Visas, but they have the possibility of bringing. But they have the possibility of bringing but they have the possibility of bringing. Startup technology to the startup technology to the startup technology to the levels and also bringing. Levels and also bringing levels and also bringing non-credit access cards for the 21st century. Non-credit access cards for the 21st century. Non-credit access cards for the 21st century. So what we were looking at So what we were looking at So what we were looking at is that the university competition is an. Is that the university competition is an is that the university competition is an. Initial opportunity for, and other estimated initial opportunity for, and other estimated. Initial opportunity for, and other estimated coins in other currencies like the yen,. Coins in other currencies like the yen, coins in other currencies like the yen, Bridgetown euro, and things like that. If you. Bridgetown euro, and things like that. If you Bridgetown euro, and things like that. If you. Want an option to delve want an option to delve want an option to delve deeper into other geographies where,. Deeper into other geographies where, deeper into other geographies where, for the prescribers first, this is much. For the prescribers first, this is much for the prescribers first, this is much more natural than going through. More natural than going through more natural than going through a bank and having more costs. And. A bank and having more costs. And a bank and having more costs. And so I think there's, like, Roberto,. So I think there's, like, Roberto, so I think there's, like, Roberto, excuse me, just one question, what you're. Excuse me, just one question, what you're excuse me, just one question, what you're. Saying, and given that the panel is saying, and given that the panel is saying, and given that the panel is. From Latin America, is there currently a from Latin America, is there currently a. From Latin America, is there currently a product you're interested in creating, product you're interested in creating,. Obviously over time, to give that obviously over time, to give that same access to those. Same access to those same access to those Visa accounts that are connected to Visa accounts that are connected to. Visa accounts that are connected to you, yes, to people throughout the you, yes, to people throughout the. You, yes, to people throughout the Latin American region? Giving them plastic cards Giving them plastic cards with which they can spend their. With which they can spend their with which they can spend their money, and in any country. Like this, I imagine the answer is yes, of course. Like this, I imagine the answer is yes, of course. We're even seeing a We're even seeing a We're even seeing a use case in Latin America today. Use case in Latin America today use case in Latin America today with marketplaces, and so. With marketplaces, and so with marketplaces, and so wallets in certain markets will be. Wallets in certain markets will be wallets in certain markets will be able to receive those payments directly. Able to receive those payments directly able to receive those payments directly to the wallet. To the wallet. To the wallet. A user decides and will have a A user decides and will have a A user decides and will have a. Payment credential, whether the company wants it digital or payment credential, whether the company wants it digital or. Payment credential, whether the company wants it digital or physical, and this person automatically. Physical, and this person automatically physical, and this person automatically receives this payment in their wallet, it. Receives this payment in their wallet, it receives this payment in their wallet, it. Pushes it to a Vista credential, pushes it to a Vista credential, pushes it to a Vista credential,. Whether it's digital or physical. So there are or physical. So there are use cases that we are already. Use cases that we are already use cases that we are already working on in this sense. Working on in this sense. Working on in this sense. The other opportunity is The other opportunity is The other opportunity is international promises. When. International promises. When international promises. When you think of iurgi, you can think of iurgi. You think of iurgi, you can think of iurgi you think of iurgi, you can think of iurgi. Payments, between the Payments, between the Payments, between the international sales version, but also. International sales version, but also international sales version, but also domestic goals within Latin America,. Domestic goals within Latin America, domestic goals within Latin America, where there are countless cases. I would rather. Talk about which use case talk about which use case you would be interested in building because my. You would be interested in building because my you would be interested in building because my. Team is leading these issues, team is leading these issues, team is leading these issues,. And the more abuse cases we and the more abuse cases we and the more abuse cases we. Raise, the better for us. Raise, the better for us. Raise, the better for us. We are Vista customers, and we are We are Vista customers, and we are We are Vista customers, and we are. Very happy because we have a very happy because we have a very happy because we have a. Prepaid card that we can use to spend our prepaid card that we can use to spend our. Prepaid card that we can use to spend our money. Over time, but obviously there are. Money. Over time, but obviously there are money. Over time, but obviously there are. Many improvements that can be made to the many improvements that can be made to the. Many improvements that can be made to the product, and there's networking, Roberts, but. Product, and there's networking, Roberts, but product, and there's networking, Roberts, but. It's incredible that you're here it's incredible that you're here it's incredible that you're here. Representing a company with so much power in this a company with so much power in this. Battle, and battle because I think we're battle, and battle because I think we're. Battle, and battle because I think we're all doing something to help people all doing something to help people. All doing something to help people have better financial prospects. I have better financial prospects. I. Have better financial prospects. I agree, and I have a somewhat agree, and I have a somewhat. Agree, and I have a somewhat interesting role, not because I interesting role, not because I. Interesting role, not because I 'm involved in and pushing all 'm involved in and pushing all. 'm involved in and pushing all these initiatives, but at the same time, I these initiatives, but at the same time, I. These initiatives, but at the same time, I sit on the board of several sit on the board of several. Sit on the board of several Syntex companies, and I come to this world, Syntex companies, and I come to this world,. Syntex companies, and I come to this world, so I also have this field of so I also have this field of. So I also have this field of influence, and it's interesting because the dynamics. And it's interesting because the dynamics are... sometimes you can gain an are... sometimes you can gain an. Are... sometimes you can gain an advantage, but the point is to be able to open the. Advantage, but the point is to be able to open the advantage, but the point is to be able to open the. Ecosystem as much as possible. And gentlemen, ecosystem as much as possible. And gentlemen,. Ecosystem as much as possible. And gentlemen, we're here, like, on the final time channel. We're here, like, on the final time channel. We're here, like, on the final time channel. We have a question that comes into the We have a question that comes into the We have a question that comes into the. Chat, and Roger Rengifo asks, "Could it be chat, and Roger Rengifo asks, "Could it be. Chat, and Roger Rengifo asks, "Could it be done so that through a done so that through a. Done so that through a Visa card, a person can buy Visa card, a person can buy Visa card, a person can buy. A token on the bot network list?" a token on the bot network list?" a token on the bot network list?". Then Roger Olori says, "Yes, it's already Then Roger Olori says, "Yes, it's already. Then Roger Olori says, "Yes, it's already possible today, some tokens that are possible today, some tokens that are. Possible today, some tokens that are connected to this, to the RACC set, on Visa and. Connected to this, to the RACC set, on Visa and connected to this, to the RACC set, on Visa and. Mastercard through third parties like Mastercard through third parties like Mastercard through third parties like. PaySimple, to withdraw and others." And so PaySimple, to withdraw and others." And so. PaySimple, to withdraw and others." And so here it's believed that these are a wallet. Here it's believed that these are a wallet here it's believed that these are a wallet. Where they can buy the... 'Stable' where they can buy the... 'Stable' where they can buy the... 'Stable'. Currency also uses them and tokens that have been currency also uses them and tokens that have been. Currency also uses them and tokens that have been using a using a using a credit card, but Carnoedo. Credit card, but Carnoedo credit card, but Carnoedo mentioned here to Rubén that one of the. Mentioned here to Rubén that one of the mentioned here to Rubén that one of the things they are working on with. Things they are working on with things they are working on with Visa is the fast track to. Visa is the fast track to Visa is the fast track to issue a Visa card for the cards,. Issue a Visa card for the cards, issue a Visa card for the cards, which also serves the interest,. Which also serves the interest, which also serves the interest, not only to allow. Not only to allow not only to allow people to buy people to buy people to buy and hold. And hold and hold crypto assets using the card, crypto assets using the card, crypto assets using the card,. But also for the company that but also for the company that but also for the company that. Issues the card to settle the balance issues the card to settle the balance issues the card to settle the balance. Using another using another using another digital currency, yes, because there we have a. Digital currency, yes, because there we have a digital currency, yes, because there we have a. Described ecosystem; otherwise, there's no need to described ecosystem; otherwise, there's no need to. Described ecosystem; otherwise, there's no need to go through banks and go through banks and. Go through banks and fees, and it takes from one or two days. Fees, and it takes from one or two days. Fees, and it takes from one or two days. So the answer, what do you think, is that we So the answer, what do you think, is that we. So the answer, what do you think, is that we have something like that. Well, before I go over. Have something like that. Well, before I go over have something like that. Well, before I go over. To him and talk a little bit about startups, I to him and talk a little bit about startups, I. To him and talk a little bit about startups, I think I'm going to ask a think I'm going to ask a. Think I'm going to ask a final question here for the panel, and I'm left with final question here for the panel, and I'm left with. Final question here for the panel, and I'm left with the truth that time goes by the truth that time goes by. The truth that time goes by very quickly when we have such an very quickly when we have such an. Very quickly when we have such an interesting topic. We have, I think, interesting topic. We have, I think,. Interesting topic. We have, I think, entrepreneurs and people who are entrepreneurs and people who are. Entrepreneurs and people who are starting their projects starting their projects starting their projects. In the group. Do in the group. Do in the group. Do you have any advice or you have any advice or. You have any advice or final comments from your side for final comments from your side for. Final comments from your side for them who are starting them who are starting them who are starting. Their startups? The bed and I think their startups? The bed and I think their startups? The bed and I think. Many positive words were many positive words were many positive words were spoken today, as you say, about the. Spoken today, as you say, about the spoken today, as you say, about the pound and the ERC now existing, as Rubén. Pound and the ERC now existing, as Rubén pound and the ERC now existing, as Rubén. Spoke to José, to you too. No, I don't talk spoke to José, to you too. No, I don't talk. Spoke to José, to you too. No, I don't talk much because of it, if possible, start. Much because of it, if possible, start much because of it, if possible, start perhaps with some thought of yours and. Perhaps with some thought of yours and perhaps with some thought of yours and then I open it for us,. Then I open it for us, then I open it for us, then I put it on the screen for him and. Then I put it on the screen for him and then I put it on the screen for him and absolutely for me, and as he said,. Absolutely for me, and as he said, absolutely for me, and as he said, Wire also bet that the. Wire also bet that the Wire also bet that the winning play was in supporting the community. Winning play was in supporting the community winning play was in supporting the community. Of developers and entrepreneurs of developers and entrepreneurs of developers and entrepreneurs. With the crisis, invoices and with the crisis, invoices and with the crisis, invoices and. Technological tools and licenses to build technological tools and licenses to build. Technological tools and licenses to build the companies of the financial future with. The companies of the financial future with the companies of the financial future with. Blogging projects, buying clips, blogging projects, buying clips, blogging projects, buying clips,. Coins, which are wallets, described coins, which are wallets, described coins, which are wallets, described. Stablecoins, stablecoins, stablecoins, they mentioned stablecoins with Sidor, they mentioned stablecoins with Sidor,. They mentioned stablecoins with Sidor, it is exactly the work we are it is exactly the work we are. It is exactly the work we are doing to be able to buy those stablecoins doing to be able to buy those stablecoins. Doing to be able to buy those stablecoins with a Visa card, payments, with a Visa card, payments,. With a Visa card, payments, final value movement, a final value movement, a final value movement, a. Very important part of building our network, very important part of building our network,. Very important part of building our network, and it is working very closely with the Ibiza Council,. And it is working very closely with the Ibiza Council, and it is working very closely with the Ibiza Council,. The Latin American ecosystem and the rest the Latin American ecosystem and the rest. Of the world, so for us it is of the world, so for us it is of the world, so for us it is. Exactly the bet we made, it is to be exactly the bet we made, it is to be exactly the bet we made, it is to be. Able to support those who are able to support those who are able to support those who are. Starting to starting to starting to build the companies of the financial future, build the companies of the financial future,. Build the companies of the financial future, I like this advice, it also came out with. I like this advice, it also came out with an idea, an idea, an idea, we are also clients of. We are also clients of we are also clients of Jose's company and waiting and visas,. Jose's company and waiting and visas, Jose's company and waiting and visas, I think. I think I think The best advice I could give The best advice I could give The best advice I could give. Someone someone someone in the dyeing industry who wants to start a business in the dyeing industry who wants to start a business. In the dyeing industry who wants to start a business is to take a moment and think about. Is to take a moment and think about is to take a moment and think about which financial service they don't. Which financial service they don't which financial service they don't like how it's being offered, whatever it. And then take that step and say, "How and then take that step and say, "How can I do it better? How much. Can I do it better? How much can I do it better? How much better can I do it?" And. Better can I do it?" And better can I do it?" And if being good, well, God knows, it's. If being good, well, God knows, it's if being good, well, God knows, it's better to earn a 30% margin on what. Better to earn a 30% margin on what better to earn a 30% margin on what I'm selling. Start a company and then explore Start a company and then explore what technology is out there to. What technology is out there to solve those problems, and create a solve those problems, and create a. Product tailored to a specific product tailored to a specific product tailored to a specific. Problem, an offer that isn't problem, an offer that isn't problem, an offer that isn't. Personalized. It's like saying, "This is like I personalized. It's like saying, "This is like I. Personalized. It's like saying, "This is like I 'm using Windows XP, but 'm using Windows XP, but. 'm using Windows XP, but we have to use different we have to use different we have to use different. Versions." will be the node, maybe there will be some downside to the will be the node, maybe there will be some downside to the. Question of entrepreneurship with question of entrepreneurship with question of entrepreneurship with. Crowdsourcing. So I think crowdsourcing. So I think crowdsourcing. So I think when Rubén talks about some. When Rubén talks about some when Rubén talks about some experiences that weren't good, but at. Experiences that weren't good, but at experiences that weren't good, but at least for that, he emigrated from. Least for that, he emigrated from least for that, he emigrated from Latin America to Canada when he was. Latin America to Canada when he was Latin America to Canada when he was young, and the process of sending. Young, and the process of sending young, and the process of sending cash here was terrible. Yes, so I. Cash here was terrible. Yes, so I cash here was terrible. Yes, so I think TransferWay was the first one. Think TransferWay was the first one think TransferWay was the first one I used, besides the... banks. I used, besides the... banks I used, besides the... banks because they are my because they are my. Because they are my best experience and today I have 10 TransferWise accounts best experience and today I have 10 TransferWise accounts. Best experience and today I have 10 TransferWise accounts to use many of them from. To use many of them from to use many of them from Latin America, as I said, they are. Latin America, as I said, they are Latin America, as I said, they are doing a very good job in. Doing a very good job in doing a very good job in Mexico, so I think that connects. Mexico, so I think that connects Mexico, so I think that connects with your question. With your question. Well, gentlemen, let's turn up the Well, gentlemen, let's turn up the screen so he can talk a. Screen so he can talk a screen so he can talk a little bit about Startup Weekend, and I'd like to. Little bit about Startup Weekend, and I'd like to little bit about Startup Weekend, and I'd like to. Close my part by close my part by close my part by thanking you all very much for your time, your. Thanking you all very much for your time, your thanking you all very much for your time, your. Sincerity, the uniqueness of your sincerity, the uniqueness of your sincerity, the uniqueness of your. Answers, and your ideas, or how you answers, and your ideas, or how you answers, and your ideas, or how you. Inspire entrepreneurs inspire entrepreneurs inspire entrepreneurs here in Latin America to make the. Here in Latin America to make the here in Latin America to make the region grow faster so that we can. Region grow faster so that we can region grow faster so that we can understand the leadership position. So, thank you all very much,. Understand the leadership position. So, thank you all very much, and I hope to speak to you again soon. And I hope to speak to you again soon. Well, he and I Well, he and I Well, he and I will... thank you all very much, thank you very much,. Roberto, and well, I Roberto, and well, I am Eloy Becerril, I am the regional manager. Am Eloy Becerril, I am the regional manager am Eloy Becerril, I am the regional manager. For Latin America of the for Latin America of the for Latin America of the community programs in Texts, and I also want to. Community programs in Texts, and I also want to community programs in Texts, and I also want to. Give you an additional piece of advice from the give you an additional piece of advice from the. Give you an additional piece of advice from the panelists, which is to start your own business right now, go ahead and. Panelists, which is to start your own business right now, go ahead and panelists, which is to start your own business right now, go ahead and. Participate in the participate in the participate in the next Texts Weekend, in blogs,. Next Texts Weekend, in blogs, next Texts Weekend, in blogs, link with Visas and with Stellar. We're currently. Link with Visas and with Stellar. We're currently link with Visas and with Stellar. We're currently. Developing developing developing this project, this great event, so that this project, this great event, so that. This project, this great event, so that all the ideas all the ideas all the ideas. Discussed in this panel, and many discussed in this panel, and many discussed in this panel, and many. Other financial problems that need other financial problems that need other financial problems that need. Solving in the region, solving in the region, solving in the region, can be brought together with people from all over. Can be brought together with people from all over can be brought together with people from all over. Latin America who are also interested in Latin America who are also interested in. Latin America who are also interested in entrepreneurship, entrepreneurship, entrepreneurship,. Blogging, and giving blogging, and giving blogging, and giving finance a different perspective. We'll be. Finance a different perspective. We'll be finance a different perspective. We'll be. Working over a weekend working over a weekend working over a weekend where you can take your idea a. Where you can take your idea a where you can take your idea a step further, to a prototype, to a. Step further, to a prototype, to a step further, to a prototype, to a validated model. We'll have a. Validated model. We'll have a validated model. We'll have a fantastic group of mentors and judges. Fantastic group of mentors and judges fantastic group of mentors and judges during this weekend who will. During this weekend who will during this weekend who will surely help you connect. Surely help you connect surely help you connect and learn a great deal. And learn a great deal. And learn a great deal. If you want to skip to the next If you want to skip to the next If you want to skip to the next. Slide, Robert, it's a slide, Robert, it's a slide, Robert, it's a completely immersive and 100% online experience. On. Completely immersive and 100% online experience. On completely immersive and 100% online experience. On. Day one, you'll share your idea with day one, you'll share your idea with day one, you'll share your idea with. The entire group of participants, and the entire group of participants, and the entire group of participants, and. These multidisciplinary teams will be formed these multidisciplinary teams will be formed. These multidisciplinary teams will be formed with people from different parts of with people from different parts of. With people from different parts of Latin America. To give you an idea, we already have. Latin America. To give you an idea, we already have Latin America. To give you an idea, we already have. People registered from people registered from people registered from Mexico, Argentina, Costa Rica, the. Mexico, Argentina, Costa Rica, the Mexico, Argentina, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, and even some. Dominican Republic, Ecuador, and even some Dominican Republic, Ecuador, and even some. Spanish-speaking friends in Spain. Spanish-speaking friends in Spain. Spanish-speaking friends in Spain. So, we're really connecting the So, we're really connecting the So, we're really connecting the. Spanish-speaking community to the wider community. Spanish-speaking community to the wider community. Latin American women are getting down to Latin American women are getting down to. Latin American women are getting down to work and transforming finance in work and transforming finance in. Work and transforming finance in Latin America with Block Sing. On Latin America with Block Sing. On. Latin America with Block Sing. On Saturday, the 2nd, we have Saturday, the 2nd, we have. Saturday, the 2nd, we have a phenomenal group of a phenomenal group of a phenomenal group of. Industry experts who have worked in industry experts who have worked in industry experts who have worked in. Different startups and different startups and different startups and financial organizations across. Financial organizations across financial organizations across Latin America, and who. Latin America, and who Latin America, and who also lead Block Change communities in the region. They will be your. Also lead Block Change communities in the region. They will be your also lead Block Change communities in the region. They will be your. Mentors, guiding you mentors, guiding you through the day to create a prototype and. Through the day to create a prototype and a a a business model that makes sense, as. Business model that makes sense, as business model that makes sense, as the panelists discussed. Finally, on. The panelists discussed. Finally, on the panelists discussed. Finally, on Sunday, the 3rd, you will present everything you. Sunday, the 3rd, you will present everything you Sunday, the 3rd, you will present everything you. Built over the weekend in a built over the weekend in a pitch format pitch format. To a jury. Thanks to Avisa and the to a jury. Thanks to Avisa and the to a jury. Thanks to Avisa and the. Measurement program, we will have Measurement program, we will have Measurement program, we will have. Special prizes, and if that weren't enough, special prizes, and if that weren't enough,. Special prizes, and if that weren't enough, all the money raised from all the money raised from. All the money raised from ticket sales will go to ticket sales will go to ticket sales will go to. Laboratorio Punto de Lea, a Laboratorio Punto de Lea, a Laboratorio Punto de Lea, a. Non-profit organization that non-profit organization that non-profit organization that. Seeks to bring greater diversity and seeks to bring greater diversity and seeks to bring greater diversity and. Opportunities for women in opportunities for women in opportunities for women in Latin America so they can continue. Latin America so they can continue Latin America so they can continue developing by learning to. Developing by learning to developing by learning to program. So, it's an event with. Program. So, it's an event with program. So, it's an event with many positive aspects; it's a great. Many positive aspects; it's a great many positive aspects; it's a great opportunity, as they already mentioned, to... Entrepreneurship. Opportunity, as they already mentioned, to... Entrepreneurship opportunity, as they already mentioned, to... Entrepreneurship. In Latin America continues this momentum in Latin America continues this momentum. In Latin America continues this momentum to transform finance in the region. To transform finance in the region. To transform finance in the region. This event will take place This event will take place This event will take place next weekend, from October 15th to 17th,. Next weekend, from October 15th to 17th, next weekend, from October 15th to 17th,. 100% online for everyone in 100% online for everyone in 100% online for everyone in. Latin America. The page is sw blog Latin America. The page is sw blog Latin America. The page is sw blog. Change latam dot 0. For joining us change latam dot 0. For joining us change latam dot 0. For joining us. At this event, you have a at this event, you have a at this event, you have a special 50%. Special 50% special 50% discount code: sw l 50. We hope you can discount code: sw l 50. We hope you can. Discount code: sw l 50. We hope you can share this event with share this event with. Share this event with people in your community and join us people in your community and join us. People in your community and join us next next next weekend, starting October 15th. Thank. Weekend, starting October 15th. Thank weekend, starting October 15th. Thank you so much for. You so much for you so much for making this happen. It's a privilege to promote this. Making this happen. It's a privilege to promote this making this happen. It's a privilege to promote this. Initiative and initiative and initiative and encourage everyone encourage everyone. Encourage everyone participating here to participating here to participating here to. Join the event. So, join the event. So, join the event. So, thank you again to the panelists and. Thank you again to the panelists and thank you again to the panelists and everyone who joined us. I'll. Everyone who joined us. I'll everyone who joined us. I'll stay a few minutes to stay a few minutes to. Stay a few minutes to answer some questions in the chat, answer some questions in the chat,. Answer some questions in the chat, but that's all for today. Thank God, and have a. But that's all for today. Thank God, and have a but that's all for today. Thank God, and have a. Great rest of the week.
