Hello and welcome to the Stellar open hello and welcome to the Stellar open protocol discussion . Protocol discussion protocol discussion in these meetings we discussed . In these meetings we discussed in these meetings we discussed core advancement proposals aka caps. Core advancement proposals aka caps core advancement proposals aka caps which are technical specs that suggest. Which are technical specs that suggest which are technical specs that suggest changes to the Stellar protocol they're. Changes to the Stellar protocol they're changes to the Stellar protocol they're necessary to allow the protocol to. Necessary to allow the protocol to necessary to allow the protocol to continue to evolve to meet the needs of. Continue to evolve to meet the needs of continue to evolve to meet the needs of the ecosystem. The ecosystem the ecosystem so we we live stream these meetings so we we live stream these meetings. So we we live stream these meetings so that anyone who's interested can so that anyone who's interested can. So that anyone who's interested can follow along follow along follow along although I do want to note it is a. Although I do want to note it is a although I do want to note it is a technical discussion so if you're. Technical discussion so if you're technical discussion so if you're watching you may want to take a look at. Watching you may want to take a look at watching you may want to take a look at the cap link to in the show description. The cap link to in the show description the cap link to in the show description there's also a description in the. There's also a description in the there's also a description in the description all the participants are. Description all the participants are description all the participants are listed . Listed listed we do keep an eye on sort of the the we do keep an eye on sort of the the. we do keep an eye on sort of the the dialogue that's happening in the chat dialogue that's happening in the chat. Dialogue that's happening in the chat box but the goal really is to talk box but the goal really is to talk. Box but the goal really is to talk through questions about the cap that through questions about the cap that. Through questions about the cap that we're discussing which is cat 42 so we we're discussing which is cat 42 so we. We're discussing which is cat 42 so we will only really address questions if will only really address questions if. Will only really address questions if they're directly related to that goal they're directly related to that goal. They're directly related to that goal but we will collect them and take a look but we will collect them and take a look. But we will collect them and take a look at them later too at them later too at them later too. Today the cap we're discussing is cap 42 today the cap we're discussing is cap 42. Today the cap we're discussing is cap 42 titled multi-part transaction sets it. Titled multi-part transaction sets it titled multi-part transaction sets it. Suggests a mechanism that makes it suggests a mechanism that makes it suggests a mechanism that makes it. Possible to implement different fee possible to implement different fee possible to implement different fee. Structures based on transaction set structures based on transaction set structures based on transaction set. Composition so currently in transaction composition so currently in transaction composition so currently in transaction. Set composition it can sometimes be set composition it can sometimes be set composition it can sometimes be. Heavily biased towards undesirable heavily biased towards undesirable heavily biased towards undesirable. Behaviors including spikes of arbitrage behaviors including spikes of arbitrage behaviors including spikes of arbitrage. Trades that eventually fail this cap trades that eventually fail this cap trades that eventually fail this cap. Basically empowers validators to isolate basically empowers validators to isolate. Basically empowers validators to isolate subsets of transactions that can compete. Subsets of transactions that can compete subsets of transactions that can compete. On fees without causing overall fees to on fees without causing overall fees to on fees without causing overall fees to. Increase and it also makes it possible increase and it also makes it possible increase and it also makes it possible. To expand policies to other dimensions to expand policies to other dimensions to expand policies to other dimensions. In the future in the future in the future so cap 42. So cap 42. So cap 42. again it's linked to before this again it's linked to before this again it's linked to before this. Meeting cap 42 is drafted that's the meeting cap 42 is drafted that's the meeting cap 42 is drafted that's the. Link to it there it was also link to it there it was also link to it there it was also. Discussed on the mailing list and discussed on the mailing list and discussed on the mailing list and. There's a link to the thread to that to there's a link to the thread to that to there's a link to the thread to that to. That discussion thread as well so our that discussion thread as well so our that discussion thread as well so our. Goal today is really just to see if goal today is really just to see if goal today is really just to see if. There are any blockers that would there are any blockers that would there are any blockers that would. Prevent us from moving it forward prevent us from moving it forward prevent us from moving it forward. To the next step of its life cycle and I to the next step of its life cycle and i. To the next step of its life cycle and I will stop talking and I'm going to turn will stop talking and I'm going to turn. Will stop talking and I'm going to turn it over to nico who is the original it over to nico who is the original. It over to nico who is the original author of this cap to see author of this cap to see. Author of this cap to see sort of what if he has any questions sort of what if he has any questions . Sort of what if he has any questions that he wants addressed by this meeting that he wants addressed by this meeting. That he wants addressed by this meeting nico nico nico take it away take it away take it away. Hi hi hi you can hear me you can hear me you can hear me all right so yeah I'm happy that I got. All right so yeah I'm happy that I got all right so yeah I'm happy that I got to get gap 42 because you know it is the. To get gap 42 because you know it is the to get gap 42 because you know it is the. Answer to everything of course answer to everything of course answer to everything of course. And in particular the problem with and in particular the problem with and in particular the problem with. Fees and fees and fees and i've already networks in some i've already networks in some. I've already networks in some ways that we're not ways that we're not ways that we're not. Necessarily happy with and when I say we necessarily happy with and when I say we. Necessarily happy with and when I say we here it's the community that has been here it's the community that has been. Here it's the community that has been also complaining quite a bit about also complaining quite a bit about. Also complaining quite a bit about the number of failed transactions or the number of failed transactions or. The number of failed transactions or or like or like or like patterns that that are just not. Patterns that that are just not patterns that that are just not the type of patterns we want to see . The type of patterns we want to see the type of patterns we want to see on the network so anyways like maybe. On the network so anyways like maybe on the network so anyways like maybe a little additional background that. A little additional background that a little additional background that is not in the cap itself is that. Is not in the cap itself is that is not in the cap itself is that it's actually on the dev mailing list. it's actually on the dev mailing list it's actually on the dev mailing list. But not in the cap is that but not in the cap is that but not in the cap is that . As part of of as part of of as part of of of the of this of the of this. Of the of this we actually had to roll out some we actually had to roll out some. We actually had to roll out some changes to overlay in back in changes to overlay in back in. Changes to overlay in back in december that we're december that we're december that we're. Dropping dropping dropping based on a heuristic based on a heuristic based on a heuristic. like but like but like but we think are we think are we think are. Likely to be arbitrage trades likely to be arbitrage trades likely to be arbitrage trades. And and and which mitigated to certain extent which mitigated to certain extent . Which mitigated to certain extent some of the things that some of the things that. Some of the things that we were seeing at the time we were seeing at the time we were seeing at the time. But but but that has a lot of undesirable properties that has a lot of undesirable properties. That has a lot of undesirable properties and I think as part of cap 42 my hope. And I think as part of cap 42 my hope and I think as part of cap 42 my hope. Is that we can actually go and fix the is that we can actually go and fix the is that we can actually go and fix the. Some of those aspects that we introduced some of those aspects that we introduced. Some of those aspects that we introduced at the time at the time at the time so in particular like the the type of. so in particular like the the type of so in particular like the the type of. aspect I'm looking forward that to aspect I'm looking forward that to. aspect I'm looking forward that to to fix here is to fix here is to fix here is. and this is actually true in all and this is actually true in all and this is actually true in all. Networks like it's not actually a networks like it's not actually a networks like it's not actually a. Stellar specific type of problem Stellar specific type of problem Stellar specific type of problem. There has been discussions in the past there has been discussions in the past there has been discussions in the past. Few months few months few months on on on ethereum ethereum ethereum and and and solana i'd like to name a couple. Solana i'd like to name a couple solana i'd like to name a couple on changing these structures when it. On changing these structures when it on changing these structures when it comes to. Comes to comes to to this kind of spam and when I say to this kind of spam and when I say. To this kind of spam and when I say spam here I mean it's kind of a funny spam here I mean it's kind of a funny. Spam here I mean it's kind of a funny thing but it's basically thing but it's basically. Thing but it's basically like a natural thing that happens I like a natural thing that happens i. like a natural thing that happens I guess when when you have guess when when you have . Guess when when you have an opportunity an opportunity an opportunity to for somebody to make money. To for somebody to make money to for somebody to make money is based on based on. the cost that you have to submit the cost that you have to submit the cost that you have to submit. Transactions transactions transactions if you can make let's say a thousand if you can make let's say a thousand. if you can make let's say a thousand dollars on on a trade dollars on on a trade. Dollars on on a trade well you you'd be okay actually to pay well you you'd be okay actually to pay. Well you you'd be okay actually to pay 900 dollars in fees because you make 900 dollars in fees because you make. 900 dollars in fees because you make some money some money some money obviously. This is like this is like this is where this is where this is where like the the way. Like the the way like the the way you can end up with you can end up with you can end up with . And at the same time if and at the same time if and at the same time if if all. If all if all the transactions on the network are kind the transactions on the network are kind. The transactions on the network are kind of of of derived on the step of keys derived on the step of keys. derived on the step of keys then it kind of kills off a whole then it kind of kills off a whole. Then it kind of kills off a whole category of of other category of of other. Category of of other use cases that use cases that use cases that that you want the network to have so. That you want the network to have so that you want the network to have so for example. For example for example payments or like simple payments or like simple payments or like simple. airdrops or whatever like people want to airdrops or whatever like people want to. Airdrops or whatever like people want to do that do that do that that are actually. That are actually that are actually unrelated to those unrelated to those unrelated to those . To this type of trading trading to this type of trading trading to this type of trading trading. Activity activity activity so anyways so anyways so anyways that's for the background on why why. That's for the background on why why that's for the background on why why this cap. This cap this cap and and and yeah so like the I don't know like yeah so like the I don't know like . Yeah so like the I don't know like people had time to to look over in people had time to to look over in. People had time to to look over in more detail at the refreshed cap that more detail at the refreshed cap that. More detail at the refreshed cap that I did it yesterday I did it yesterday I did it yesterday. like it has actually two parts to it is like it has actually two parts to it is. Like it has actually two parts to it is one part that is extending the what one part that is extending the what. One part that is extending the what is the is the is the what is attached to a transaction set. What is attached to a transaction set what is attached to a transaction set basically so that we can add like new. Basically so that we can add like new basically so that we can add like new. Properties to the transaction set properties to the transaction set properties to the transaction set. And and the second part is and and the second part is and and the second part is . Actually the actually the actually the the actual reason for this gap which is the actual reason for this gap which is. The actual reason for this gap which is changing changing changing how . How how how fees get calculated within a how fees get calculated within a. How fees get calculated within a transaction set transaction set transaction set. Sorry is the latest version the one sorry is the latest version the one sorry is the latest version the one. That's in that's in the master branch that's in that's in the master branch. That's in that's in the master branch in the repo 22 hours ago okay yeah in the repo 22 hours ago okay yeah. In the repo 22 hours ago okay yeah that's it yeah and I'm sure there are that's it yeah and I'm sure there are. That's it yeah and I'm sure there are typos because I kind of updated it typos because I kind of updated it. Typos because I kind of updated it quickly yesterday to make sure that quickly yesterday to make sure that. Quickly yesterday to make sure that people had time to and to have access to people had time to and to have access to. People had time to and to have access to it but it's a early trough summer did you raise a hand. Summer did you raise a hand yes I did otherwise I tried to be polite yes I did otherwise I tried to be polite. Yes I did otherwise I tried to be polite but niko didn't see but niko didn't see . But niko didn't see so so so first of all I think this is this is first of all I think this is this is. First of all I think this is this is pretty cool because it takes pretty cool because it takes. Pretty cool because it takes advantage of something that's unique to advantage of something that's unique to. Advantage of something that's unique to the ecosystem and like we can the ecosystem and like we can. The ecosystem and like we can actually prioritize transactions not actually prioritize transactions not. Actually prioritize transactions not only based on fees only based on fees only based on fees. This is very this is very this is very different in other ecosystems because different in other ecosystems because . Different in other ecosystems because you know validators are kind of like you know validators are kind of like. You know validators are kind of like incentivized by transaction awards so so incentivized by transaction awards so so. Incentivized by transaction awards so so they don't have the motivation to they don't have the motivation to. They don't have the motivation to actually push these kind of changes actually push these kind of changes . Actually push these kind of changes it's pretty cool nico i'd like to hear it's pretty cool nico i'd like to hear. It's pretty cool nico i'd like to hear your take on we've been talking a lot your take on we've been talking a lot. Your take on we've been talking a lot about strategy for 2022 recently and about strategy for 2022 recently and. About strategy for 2022 recently and things like things like things like speed x and things like smart contracts. Speed x and things like smart contracts speed x and things like smart contracts in the future these are like. In the future these are like in the future these are like you know more you know more. you know more transaction engines or like transactors transaction engines or like transactors. Transaction engines or like transactors how will cap 42 how will cap 42 how will cap 42. Interact with these or how do you interact with these or how do you interact with these or how do you. Think they'll like it'll interact with think they'll like it'll interact with think they'll like it'll interact with. These features these features these features yeah that's a good question and I think. Yeah that's a good question and I think yeah that's a good question and I think the this is actually in line with . The this is actually in line with the this is actually in line with when I wrote it I was I thought that. When I wrote it I was I thought that when I wrote it I was I thought that we we would actually. We we would actually we we would actually over time over time over time kind of create more sea lanes or for. Kind of create more sea lanes or for kind of create more sea lanes or for lack of better words so an example of. Lack of better words so an example of lack of better words so an example of. A three lane that I think would make a three lane that I think would make a three lane that I think would make. Complete sense is complete sense is complete sense is to have a separate lane for speed x. To have a separate lane for speed x to have a separate lane for speed x trades trades. Trades given that they're a lot more given that they're a lot more given that they're a lot more. Efficient efficient efficient compared to compared to compared to existing dex operations. Existing dex operations existing dex operations and yeah we basically say okay if you. And yeah we basically say okay if you and yeah we basically say okay if you. You have the choice between a speed x you have the choice between a speed x you have the choice between a speed x. Trade and a submitted a managed offer to trade and a submitted a managed offer to. Trade and a submitted a managed offer to the network the network the network you're going to go and have. You're going to go and have you're going to go and have more space basically on that ledger. And for smart contracts I mean it's I and for smart contracts I mean it's i. Mean it gets I think a little more mean it gets I think a little more mean it gets I think a little more. Complicated when we talk about smart on complicated when we talk about smart on complicated when we talk about smart on. Tracks like a very tracks like a very tracks like a very primitive version of this would be well. Primitive version of this would be well primitive version of this would be well we are going to maybe create a lane just. We are going to maybe create a lane just we are going to maybe create a lane just. For smart contracts that would be like a for smart contracts that would be like a. For smart contracts that would be like a simple simple simple first step first step. First step obviously there might be obviously there might be obviously there might be. More interesting more interesting more interesting interesting things that can be done. Interesting things that can be done interesting things that can be done on that front but at the minimum it. on that front but at the minimum it on that front but at the minimum it would be you would create a different. Would be you would create a different would be you would create a different kind of. Kind of kind of free regime right for free regime right for free regime right for. For smartphone tracks I mean I guess the thing is it seems I mean I guess the thing is it seems. Like not really optimal for those use like not really optimal for those use like not really optimal for those use. Cases like in those use cases it would cases like in those use cases it would cases like in those use cases it would. Be much better to just partition the be much better to just partition the be much better to just partition the. Transactions because you could you know transactions because you could you know transactions because you could you know. Then you could just you might want to then you could just you might want to then you could just you might want to. For example say that all the smart for example say that all the smart for example say that all the smart. Contracts get contracts get contracts get executed like after all the regular executed like after all the regular. Executed like after all the regular operations right so just kind of having operations right so just kind of having. Operations right so just kind of having these like these like these like . Intermingled like this index set just intermingled like this index set just intermingled like this index set just. Seems like it's gonna add a lot of seems like it's gonna add a lot of seems like it's gonna add a lot of. Overhead and and not be you know what overhead and and not be you know what overhead and and not be you know what. You would want you would want you would want so so so I kind of have two reservations. So so so I kind of have two reservations so so so I kind of have two reservations. About this right one is that it just about this right one is that it just about this right one is that it just. Seems like a little bit too seems like a little bit too seems like a little bit too. Complicated for what we really need complicated for what we really need complicated for what we really need. Especially if you want to start having especially if you want to start having especially if you want to start having. You know you know blocks with like you know you know blocks with like you know you know blocks with like. 100 000 transactions for example which 100 000 transactions for example which 100 000 transactions for example which. Would be like totally doable with would be like totally doable with would be like totally doable with. With something like speedx if they were with something like speedx if they were with something like speedx if they were. All speedx transactions right you're not all speedx transactions right you're not. All speedx transactions right you're not going to want to also have a added going to want to also have a added. Going to want to also have a added overhead of like sanity checking these overhead of like sanity checking these. Overhead of like sanity checking these index checks and whatever you're just index checks and whatever you're just. Index checks and whatever you're just going to want to blast through your going to want to blast through your. Going to want to blast through your array of speed x trades and do like a array of speed x trades and do like a. Array of speed x trades and do like a parallel execution of those parallel execution of those. Parallel execution of those and I guess the second thing that like and I guess the second thing that like. And I guess the second thing that like bugs me a little bit about this bugs me a little bit about this . Bugs me a little bit about this it just seems like very indirect right it just seems like very indirect right. It just seems like very indirect right either we believe that dutch auctions either we believe that dutch auctions. Either we believe that dutch auctions are the right thing or we don't right are the right thing or we don't right. Are the right thing or we don't right and and and maybe dutch auctions aren't aren't the. Maybe dutch auctions aren't aren't the maybe dutch auctions aren't aren't the right thing. Right thing right thing but what we're we're sort of trying but what we're we're sort of trying. but what we're we're sort of trying to say like well we're sort of going to to say like well we're sort of going to. To say like well we're sort of going to keep the dutch oxygen but we're sort of keep the dutch oxygen but we're sort of. Keep the dutch oxygen but we're sort of not because we're going to let not because we're going to let. Not because we're going to let validators really kind of pick and validators really kind of pick and. Validators really kind of pick and choose different sets of transactions choose different sets of transactions. Choose different sets of transactions that are going to going to pay different. That are going to going to pay different that are going to going to pay different. Fees fees fees and and and I think the reason is because we want to I think the reason is because we want to. I think the reason is because we want to filter out spam so like filter out spam so like. Filter out spam so like that is a form of censorship maybe it's that is a form of censorship maybe it's. That is a form of censorship maybe it's okay but like maybe we should just like okay but like maybe we should just like. Okay but like maybe we should just like be a little bit more direct and say like be a little bit more direct and say like. Be a little bit more direct and say like validators should you know we're gonna validators should you know we're gonna. Validators should you know we're gonna just have a way for like different just have a way for like different. Just have a way for like different validators to like filter out certain validators to like filter out certain. Validators to like filter out certain transactions that we we don't think are transactions that we we don't think are. Transactions that we we don't think are are productive and to the extent that are productive and to the extent that. Are productive and to the extent that you might not want that you might want you might not want that you might want. You might not want that you might want to say well what if my transaction is to say well what if my transaction is. To say well what if my transaction is like really really important then I like really really important then i. Like really really important then I should be able to like pay a high fee should be able to like pay a high fee. Should be able to like pay a high fee and like get it in the problem is that and like get it in the problem is that. And like get it in the problem is that this doesn't actually solve that problem this doesn't actually solve that problem. This doesn't actually solve that problem right because I could I could put a right because I could I could put a. Right because I could I could put a maximum fee of you know two to the 32 maximum fee of you know two to the 32. Maximum fee of you know two to the 32 lumens in my transaction but a validator. Lumens in my transaction but a validator lumens in my transaction but a validator. Who wants to censor me could like put me who wants to censor me could like put me. Who wants to censor me could like put me in my own group with a very low base in my own group with a very low base. In my own group with a very low base fee and then put everybody else in a fee and then put everybody else in a. Fee and then put everybody else in a group with a higher base fee and it'll group with a higher base fee and it'll. Group with a higher base fee and it'll look like you know look like you know look like you know. You know like the block with that you know like the block with that you know like the block with that. Transaction will like not compare transaction will like not compare transaction will like not compare. Favorably favorably favorably potentially to to to other blocks so potentially to to to other blocks so. potentially to to to other blocks so or I mean whatever you could just like or I mean whatever you could just like. Or I mean whatever you could just like filter out the transaction anyway so I filter out the transaction anyway so i. Filter out the transaction anyway so I just just just I don't see I don't see I don't see. This doesn't seem like as much it seems this doesn't seem like as much it seems this doesn't seem like as much it seems. Like this is partly to solve a problem like this is partly to solve a problem like this is partly to solve a problem. But also but also but also partly to partly to partly to I don't know like for to appear to be. I don't know like for to appear to be I don't know like for to appear to be preserving the dutch auction when we're. Preserving the dutch auction when we're preserving the dutch auction when we're not and if we're going to have some. Not and if we're going to have some not and if we're going to have some extensible way for validators to filter. Extensible way for validators to filter extensible way for validators to filter out transactions why don't we just do. Out transactions why don't we just do out transactions why don't we just do that in a more straightforward way. That in a more straightforward way that in a more straightforward way well well well. So first of all like the when you say so first of all like the when you say so first of all like the when you say. Like we're not preserving the auction like we're not preserving the auction like we're not preserving the auction. Mechanism here what I'm saying is that mechanism here what I'm saying is that mechanism here what I'm saying is that. validators when they nominate validators when they nominate validators when they nominate. Those transactions those transaction those transactions those transaction those transactions those transaction. Sets sets sets the expectation is that they would the expectation is that they would. the expectation is that they would actually actually actually be doing this type of action in in any. Be doing this type of action in in any be doing this type of action in in any given group. Given group given group but if they can choose the groups they but if they can choose the groups they. But if they can choose the groups they might as well not you might as well just might as well not you might as well just. Might as well not you might as well just let validators choose the fee for every let validators choose the fee for every. Let validators choose the fee for every transaction and just as well it's the transaction and just as well it's the. Transaction and just as well it's the same thing yeah yeah you can you can do same thing yeah yeah you can you can do. Same thing yeah yeah you can you can do that straightforward thing just annotate that straightforward thing just annotate. That straightforward thing just annotate each transaction with the fee that would. Each transaction with the fee that would each transaction with the fee that would. Like you know a 32-bit number that's like you know a 32-bit number that's like you know a 32-bit number that's. Like or 60 on the right list actually was to just on the right list actually was to just. Annotate every transaction with the fee annotate every transaction with the fee annotate every transaction with the fee. Yeah yeah yeah but that's like that's actually but that's like that's actually. But that's like that's actually even less transparent in terms of what even less transparent in terms of what. Even less transparent in terms of what the intent is the intent is the intent is so that's why I didn't do that. So that's why I didn't do that so that's why I didn't do that like it's a like it's a. like it's a like like like that's effectively what you're doing that's effectively what you're doing. That's effectively what you're doing yeah no I know I know I'm doing that yeah no I know I know I'm doing that. Yeah no I know I know I'm doing that like I'm basically allowing for this but like I'm basically allowing for this but. Like I'm basically allowing for this but I don't want I don't want I don't want people to be doing like arbitrary fee. People to be doing like arbitrary fee people to be doing like arbitrary fee structure per transaction but that's. Structure per transaction but that's structure per transaction but that's what you're enabling right you're just. What you're enabling right you're just what you're enabling right you're just making I mean I know it's being enabled. Making I mean I know it's being enabled making I mean I know it's being enabled but that's not what what we. But that's not what what we but that's not what what we we don't expect for the data to do that. We don't expect for the data to do that we don't expect for the data to do that and actually this is there's a. And actually this is there's a and actually this is there's a discussion in the discussion in the. Discussion in the later in the document that that talks later in the document that that talks. later in the document that that talks about about about because like basically today validators. Because like basically today validators because like basically today validators can already. Can already can already censor quite a bit censor quite a bit censor quite a bit . Like what gets into a transaction set so like what gets into a transaction set so. Like what gets into a transaction set so the example of the example of the example of. Like following the fee structure today like following the fee structure today like following the fee structure today. Is already not is already not is already not exactly right like like if if validity. Exactly right like like if if validity exactly right like like if if validity doesn't want to do it they just don't do. Doesn't want to do it they just don't do doesn't want to do it they just don't do. It it it and and and yeah like here what I'm trying to yeah like here what I'm trying to. yeah like here what I'm trying to promote is more of a compact promote is more of a compact. Promote is more of a compact I guess like the yeah the I guess like the yeah the . I guess like the yeah the those indexes thing I agree those indexes thing I agree. Those indexes thing I agree this could be done maybe in a slightly this could be done maybe in a slightly. This could be done maybe in a slightly different way I was trying to preserve different way I was trying to preserve. Different way I was trying to preserve the transaction set the transaction set the transaction set. Itself like the existing transaction itself like the existing transaction itself like the existing transaction. Sets sets sets but that's not good either if it turns but that's not good either if it turns. But that's not good either if it turns out that we want to like actually change out that we want to like actually change. Out that we want to like actually change the order in which we execute the order in which we execute. The order in which we execute transactions then like preserving the transactions then like preserving the. Transactions then like preserving the transaction set isn't actually transaction set isn't actually. Transaction set isn't actually that useful that useful that useful right we already so for speed x what we. Right we already so for speed x what we right we already so for speed x what we are what is in the current proposal. Are what is in the current proposal are what is in the current proposal is to just like we partition on type and. Is to just like we partition on type and is to just like we partition on type and. It's actually not it's actually not it's actually not we actually keep the transaction set at. We actually keep the transaction set at we actually keep the transaction set at it as it is. It as it is it as it is like from a serialized version like from a serialized version. Like from a serialized version because we can always partition after because we can always partition after. Because we can always partition after the fact yeah but it just seems more the fact yeah but it just seems more. The fact yeah but it just seems more useful to have to have it partitioned useful to have to have it partitioned. Useful to have to have it partitioned ahead of time if you have sort of like ahead of time if you have sort of like. Ahead of time if you have sort of like just totally different phases of block just totally different phases of block. Just totally different phases of block execution I see no execution I see no execution I see no. Intermingling transactions from the intermingling transactions from the intermingling transactions from the. Different phases that's true that's true so I mean I guess what I'm saying is so I mean I guess what I'm saying is. So I mean I guess what I'm saying is like this will get the job done but I like this will get the job done but i. Like this will get the job done but I can think of sort of can think of sort of can think of sort of. Much simpler ways of getting the job much simpler ways of getting the job much simpler ways of getting the job. Done and done and done and it seems like it seems like it seems like this cap is too concerned with sort of. This cap is too concerned with sort of this cap is too concerned with sort of like appearances. Like appearances like appearances and those appearances you know and those appearances you know. And those appearances you know effectively don't matter when what effectively don't matter when what. Effectively don't matter when what you're doing is equivalent to something you're doing is equivalent to something. You're doing is equivalent to something where every whatever validator wins where every whatever validator wins. Where every whatever validator wins nomination can just like literally set nomination can just like literally set. Nomination can just like literally set the fee for every transaction the fee for every transaction. The fee for every transaction so like so like so like we're giving value if we're going to. We're giving value if we're going to we're giving value if we're going to give validators that power let's just be. Give validators that power let's just be give validators that power let's just be. Upfront about it upfront about it upfront about it I mean I thought it was pretty upfront i. I mean I thought it was pretty upfront I mean I thought it was pretty upfront i. Was optimizing again for was optimizing again for was optimizing again for like ease of audit and. like ease of audit and like ease of audit and and and and and like maybe like more compact. And like maybe like more compact and like maybe like more compact potentially format. Potentially format potentially format but but but that's true it could be more compact or. That's true it could be more compact or that's true it could be more compact or it could be less compact depending on. It could be less compact depending on it could be less compact depending on how many. How many how many if you have an extension point per if you have an extension point per. If you have an extension point per transaction you at least have an integer transaction you at least have an integer. Transaction you at least have an integer their transaction additional well you their transaction additional well you. Their transaction additional well you could just change the transaction set could just change the transaction set. Could just change the transaction set format and add like a four byte feed you format and add like a four byte feed you. Format and add like a four byte feed you know know know no but then no but then no but then. Less expensive like less expensive like less expensive like david can you can you articulate your. David can you can you articulate your david can you can you articulate your alternative for a second so that we're. Alternative for a second so that we're alternative for a second so that we're all on the same page. All on the same page all on the same page but but but the thing is that what we are discussing. The thing is that what we are discussing the thing is that what we are discussing. Here is more like we're actually not here is more like we're actually not here is more like we're actually not. Discussing I think we are discussing more like the I think we are discussing more like the. Format of the like the transaction set format of the like the transaction set format of the like the transaction set. We're actually not we're actually not we're actually not talking I don't think we are discussing. Talking I don't think we are discussing talking I don't think we are discussing and maybe we should start with that. and maybe we should start with that and maybe we should start with that the the. The the the the premise of premise of premise of allowing to control allowing to control. Allowing to control fees right because I think that's the fees right because I think that's the. fees right because I think that's the important one I mean I guess I can see important one I mean I guess I can see. Important one I mean I guess I can see two I can see two I can see two I can see . I don't have a particular sort of I don't have a particular sort of I don't have a particular sort of. Alternative proposal because it seems alternative proposal because it seems alternative proposal because it seems. Like we're trying to do two different like we're trying to do two different like we're trying to do two different. Things and those might be better things and those might be better things and those might be better. Served by like two different mechanisms served by like two different mechanisms served by like two different mechanisms. That are that are that are you know each that some of which is like you know each that some of which is like. You know each that some of which is like maybe less complicated or more efficient. Maybe less complicated or more efficient maybe less complicated or more efficient. To implement than this right so the to implement than this right so the to implement than this right so the. First thing that we want is we want kind first thing that we want is we want kind. First thing that we want is we want kind of multi-phase block execution down of multi-phase block execution down. Of multi-phase block execution down the line so we'd like to lay the the line so we'd like to lay the. The line so we'd like to lay the groundwork for things like speedx and groundwork for things like speedx and. Groundwork for things like speedx and smart contracts and stuff to coexist smart contracts and stuff to coexist. Smart contracts and stuff to coexist with the legacy Stellar transaction with the legacy Stellar transaction. With the legacy Stellar transaction format format format and then the second thing that we want. And then the second thing that we want and then the second thing that we want is we want to like weed out spam or you. Is we want to like weed out spam or you is we want to like weed out spam or you know transactions that are gonna gonna. Know transactions that are gonna gonna know transactions that are gonna gonna fail a lot and so. Fail a lot and so fail a lot and so I just think you know these could be. I just think you know these could be I just think you know these could be handled in two separate ways or if you. Handled in two separate ways or if you handled in two separate ways or if you wanna have multi-phase blocks let's just. Wanna have multi-phase blocks let's just wanna have multi-phase blocks let's just. Have multiple phases in the blocks and have multiple phases in the blocks and have multiple phases in the blocks and. Potentially have like fees per phase if potentially have like fees per phase if potentially have like fees per phase if. We want to weed out spam then let's just we want to weed out spam then let's just. We want to weed out spam then let's just you know have a way to weed out spam and. You know have a way to weed out spam and you know have a way to weed out spam and. You know regardless of fees we can just regardless of fees we can just weed out the transactions. Without spam without doing it via without spam without doing it via fees is kind of what we're doing now and. Fees is kind of what we're doing now and fees is kind of what we're doing now and. It's it's it's actually very actually very actually very hard to keep up with whatever people do. Hard to keep up with whatever people do hard to keep up with whatever people do like you know people are very clever. Like you know people are very clever like you know people are very clever right they will find better ways to get. Right they will find better ways to get right they will find better ways to get around it. Around it around it what power does this give us to weed out what power does this give us to weed out. What power does this give us to weed out spam spam spam that that we don't have in the existing. That that we don't have in the existing that that we don't have in the existing consensus layer in other words I agree. Consensus layer in other words I agree consensus layer in other words I agree that we want to be able to kind of. That we want to be able to kind of that we want to be able to kind of unilaterally update like update. Unilaterally update like update unilaterally update like update Stellar core without going through the. Stellar core without going through the Stellar core without going through the transaction layer or like you know. Transaction layer or like you know transaction layer or like you know eventually have like a configurable. Eventually have like a configurable eventually have like a configurable algorithm to weed out spam potentially. Algorithm to weed out spam potentially algorithm to weed out spam potentially and maybe different validators have. And maybe different validators have and maybe different validators have different different mechanisms but i. Different different mechanisms but I different different mechanisms but I don't see how this change to the. Don't see how this change to the don't see how this change to the consensus layer. Consensus layer consensus layer actually gives us more power to do that actually gives us more power to do that. Actually gives us more power to do that it may give us some sort of plausible it may give us some sort of plausible. It may give us some sort of plausible deniability or something that works it deniability or something that works it. Deniability or something that works it actually gives quite a bit of new actually gives quite a bit of new. Actually gives quite a bit of new super powers to the network because super powers to the network because . Super powers to the network because like I was saying like I was saying like I was saying. Earlier like earlier like earlier like if I have an arbitrage trade if I have an arbitrage trade. If I have an arbitrage trade where I can make a thousand dollars where I can make a thousand dollars. Where I can make a thousand dollars ideally I would want people to actually ideally I would want people to actually. Ideally I would want people to actually pay up to a thousand dollars in fees if pay up to a thousand dollars in fees if. Pay up to a thousand dollars in fees if they if they are really serious about they if they are really serious about. They if they are really serious about that transaction that transaction that transaction. Right now they don't that's not what right now they don't that's not what right now they don't that's not what. Happens because they're actually happens because they're actually happens because they're actually. Competing with the entire pool of of competing with the entire pool of of competing with the entire pool of of. Transactions transactions transactions and they are filling up entire ledgers and they are filling up entire ledgers. And they are filling up entire ledgers and then the the ledger fees go up to and then the the ledger fees go up to. And then the the ledger fees go up to okay 20 bucks you know for a transaction okay 20 bucks you know for a transaction. Okay 20 bucks you know for a transaction but that's so that's not a thousand but that's so that's not a thousand. But that's so that's not a thousand dollars but that's still ridiculously dollars but that's still ridiculously. Dollars but that's still ridiculously high high high and 20 bucks is not the number I think. And 20 bucks is not the number I think and 20 bucks is not the number I think it was like what we saw was . It was like what we saw was it was like what we saw was close to five dollars I think per. Close to five dollars I think per close to five dollars I think per transaction transaction. Transaction so your point is you you want the spam so your point is you you want the spam. So your point is you you want the spam you just don't want it to be as you just don't want it to be as. You just don't want it to be as profitable like if someone can do like profitable like if someone can do like. Profitable like if someone can do like this this this yeah that's what that's kind of the idea. Yeah that's what that's kind of the idea yeah that's what that's kind of the idea. Here is that like you know in the here is that like you know in the here is that like you know in the. Current proposal I'm say I'm saying well current proposal I'm say I'm saying well. Current proposal I'm say I'm saying well any decks any operation that may cross any decks any operation that may cross. Any decks any operation that may cross an offer an offer an offer is going to be put in a separate bin. Is going to be put in a separate bin is going to be put in a separate bin and then that bin. And then that bin and then that bin we do this the action system on that so so. And then if you're not interacting with and then if you're not interacting with and then if you're not interacting with. The dex then you're in the you know the dex then you're in the you know the dex then you're in the you know. General general general group so it's you know that's like first step so it's you know that's like first step. Like you know we can probably do much like you know we can probably do much like you know we can probably do much. Better than this but you know so why better than this but you know so why better than this but you know so why. Don't we just throw in phases and say don't we just throw in phases and say don't we just throw in phases and say. That you know like that's what I'm that you know like that's what I'm that you know like that's what I'm. Saying that's already what I'm saying saying that's already what I'm saying saying that's already what I'm saying. Sorry I'm saying instead of indexes sorry I'm saying instead of indexes sorry I'm saying instead of indexes. Let's just have straight up phases and let's just have straight up phases and let's just have straight up phases and. Let's just execute them let's just execute them let's just execute them in you know. In you know in you know like it's just such that like the dex like it's just such that like the dex. like it's just such that like the dex operation oh like you would want also operation oh like you would want also. Operation oh like you would want also execution order to change I mean like execution order to change I mean like. Execution order to change I mean like yeah yeah yeah that's fine we want to that's fine we want to. That's fine we want to we want we want to like we want we want to like we want we want to like. Segregate segregate segregate is going to lay the groundwork for is going to lay the groundwork for. Is going to lay the groundwork for paralyzation right and so if we're going paralyzation right and so if we're going. Paralyzation right and so if we're going to do a change like this or segregating to do a change like this or segregating. To do a change like this or segregating operations eventually we're going to operations eventually we're going to. Operations eventually we're going to want sort of the community of operations want sort of the community of operations. Want sort of the community of operations in one group and the non-community in in one group and the non-community in. In one group and the non-community in another and so the another and so the another and so the. Legacy dex operations are exactly never legacy dex operations are exactly never legacy dex operations are exactly never. Going to be able to make community going to be able to make community going to be able to make community. Yeah like but like I think the issue yeah like but like I think the issue yeah like but like I think the issue. Here if we have groups in here if we have groups in here if we have groups in like impact somehow . Like impact somehow like impact somehow apply order like because we can have. Apply order like because we can have apply order like because we can have transactions with multiple operations. Transactions with multiple operations transactions with multiple operations I think you can basically take that use. I think you can basically take that use I think you can basically take that use that to your advantage to maybe. That to your advantage to maybe that to your advantage to maybe get executed in front of somebody else. Get executed in front of somebody else get executed in front of somebody else just because you happen to have the. Just because you happen to have the just because you happen to have the right operation no it's because you. Right operation no it's because you right operation no it's because you don't you'll be people will say that the. Don't you'll be people will say that the don't you'll be people will say that the. Like we'll flag certain operations like like we'll flag certain operations like like we'll flag certain operations like. Path payment and you know manage offer path payment and you know manage offer path payment and you know manage offer. And whatever and say that these and whatever and say that these and whatever and say that these. Visa visa visa any you know there's a first phase any you know there's a first phase . Any you know there's a first phase which is might have a lower fee but the which is might have a lower fee but the. Which is might have a lower fee but the in order to get into the first phase in order to get into the first phase. In order to get into the first phase there's certain operations that are off there's certain operations that are off. There's certain operations that are off limit like the ones that we we can't limit like the ones that we we can't. Limit like the ones that we we can't necessarily make efficient and then in necessarily make efficient and then in. Necessarily make efficient and then in the second phase you can you know the second phase you can you know. The second phase you can you know have arbitrary like my point is that have arbitrary like my point is that. Have arbitrary like my point is that this forces the to think about those this forces the to think about those . This forces the to think about those those those feelings or whatever have those those feelings or whatever have. Those those feelings or whatever have to be to be to be somehow somehow somehow. Completely independent or something like completely independent or something like. Completely independent or something like like and I'm not sure it's like and I'm not sure it's. like and I'm not sure it's you can always claim that not you can always claim that not. you can always claim that not necessarily you could have like you know necessarily you could have like you know. Necessarily you could have like you know like I can see like for speed x like like I can see like for speed x like. Like I can see like for speed x like things like that yes you know that makes things like that yes you know that makes. Things like that yes you know that makes total sense for the existing total sense for the existing. Total sense for the existing transaction subsystem I don't know if transaction subsystem I don't know if. Transaction subsystem I don't know if well I think well I think well I think. We're going to want to have like fast we're going to want to have like fast we're going to want to have like fast. Payments and faster payments than we can payments and faster payments than we can. Payments and faster payments than we can do order book operations so do order book operations so. Do order book operations so to to to just to you know if we're going to be just to you know if we're going to be. just to you know if we're going to be making this this change like why not making this this change like why not. Making this this change like why not make it in a way that is is will kind of make it in a way that is is will kind of. Make it in a way that is is will kind of facilitate that that future where facilitate that that future where. Facilitate that that future where maybe you know payment processing could maybe you know payment processing could. Maybe you know payment processing could be parallelized even if order book be parallelized even if order book. Be parallelized even if order book processing can't be it's more like I think of this as it's. It's more like I think of this as it's it's it may be a multi-dimensional thing it's it may be a multi-dimensional thing. It's it may be a multi-dimensional thing coffees coffees coffees and then and then. And then how do you how do you turn that into a how do you how do you turn that into a. How do you how do you turn that into a something that makes sense from a something that makes sense from a. Something that makes sense from a like a an ordering point of view right that's kind of I think I don't i. Right that's kind of I think I don't I think that's leave it as open-ended as think that's leave it as open-ended as. Think that's leave it as open-ended as the current draft you could just say the current draft you could just say. The current draft you could just say that we're going to do that with our that we're going to do that with our. That we're going to do that with our groups groups groups sorry sorry sorry I think if you say they are groups . I think if you say they are groups I think if you say they are groups if you're linking the groups to. If you're linking the groups to if you're linking the groups to execution or yeah so you have to apply. Execution or yeah so you have to apply execution or yeah so you have to apply other groups. Other groups other groups yeah and so each group has yeah and so each group has yeah and so each group has. It has a different apply order and a it has a different apply order and a it has a different apply order and a. Different fee structure and then we can different fee structure and then we can different fee structure and then we can. Kind of kind of kind of you know have different rules for for you know have different rules for for. you know have different rules for for different groups if you want to different groups if you want to. Different groups if you want to execute early and execute early and execute early and. Fast then you know fast then you know fast then you know you should you should have a transaction. You should you should have a transaction you should you should have a transaction. That goes in one group I think we could that goes in one group I think we could that goes in one group I think we could. Also also also I mean it might be worth considering I mean it might be worth considering . I mean it might be worth considering if if we're changing the fee structure if if we're changing the fee structure. If if we're changing the fee structure anyway to have a separate anyway to have a separate. Anyway to have a separate base fee for successful versus failed base fee for successful versus failed. Base fee for successful versus failed transactions right transactions right transactions right. No no no that is wrong like that doesn't work that is wrong like that doesn't work. That is wrong like that doesn't work like I don't see like doesn't work it like I don't see like doesn't work it. Like I don't see like doesn't work it makes things so complicated in the makes things so complicated in the. Makes things so complicated in the existing transaction subsystem that existing transaction subsystem that. Existing transaction subsystem that we've talked about that one a couple we've talked about that one a couple. We've talked about that one a couple times before yeah that would be pretty times before yeah that would be pretty. Times before yeah that would be pretty tricky tricky tricky it's super complicated because you can. It's super complicated because you can it's super complicated because you can merge accounts that's kind of one of the. Merge accounts that's kind of one of the merge accounts that's kind of one of the. Reason for example one of the things reason for example one of the things reason for example one of the things. That can happen that can happen that can happen you have to refund people at the end. You have to refund people at the end you have to refund people at the end yeah it is kind of crazy stuff. Yeah it is kind of crazy stuff yeah it is kind of crazy stuff and it doesn't and and this actually. And it doesn't and and this actually and it doesn't and and this actually doesn't solve the. Doesn't solve the doesn't solve the it's it's it's not that we want to it's it's it's not that we want to. It's it's it's not that we want to penalize transactions you're going to penalize transactions you're going to. Penalize transactions you're going to have buckets the the buckets could they have buckets the the buckets could they. Have buckets the the buckets could they could be morgan your granularity on the could be morgan your granularity on the. Could be morgan your granularity on the fee but that's fine I believe you that fee but that's fine I believe you that. Fee but that's fine I believe you that that would be too hard for me the most interesting question was. For me the most interesting question was your first question david which was just. Your first question david which was just your first question david which was just. Like like like do we believe in the do we believe in the do we believe in the dutch auction still like let's just like. Dutch auction still like let's just like dutch auction still like let's just like. Start with that like do we think that start with that like do we think that start with that like do we think that. Even works like do we think that is a even works like do we think that is a even works like do we think that is a. System that is a good system for system that is a good system for system that is a good system for. Blockchains because like we thought that blockchains because like we thought that. Blockchains because like we thought that what like in 2018 well maybe 2018 us was. What like in 2018 well maybe 2018 us was what like in 2018 well maybe 2018 us was. Wrong right like I wouldn't deny that wrong right like I wouldn't deny that wrong right like I wouldn't deny that. 2018 me was wrong about a whole bunch of 2018 me was wrong about a whole bunch of. 2018 me was wrong about a whole bunch of stuff yeah stuff yeah stuff yeah but that way but the thing is that. But that way but the thing is that but that way but the thing is that if you even if you go back to the. If you even if you go back to the if you even if you go back to the regular fees it doesn't solve the. Regular fees it doesn't solve the regular fees it doesn't solve the problem that people are still going to. Problem that people are still going to problem that people are still going to be be. Be a stupid number and you take over the a stupid number and you take over the a stupid number and you take over the. Ledger ledger ledger agreed but like if we don't believe in agreed but like if we don't believe in. Agreed but like if we don't believe in the the the dutch auction thing like one of the. Dutch auction thing like one of the dutch auction thing like one of the things that I mentioned in like my email. Things that I mentioned in like my email things that I mentioned in like my email. Was like was like was like we could just like chart instead of like we could just like chart instead of like. We could just like chart instead of like assigning a base fee to different groups. Assigning a base fee to different groups assigning a base fee to different groups. We could just say like hey like if we could just say like hey like if we could just say like hey like if. You're inserting groups you actually pay you're inserting groups you actually pay. You're inserting groups you actually pay your bid your bid your bid so instead of being like a dutch auction. So instead of being like a dutch auction so instead of being like a dutch auction. Now you become like a first price now you become like a first price now you become like a first price. Yeah I guess like a first price auction yeah I guess like a first price auction yeah I guess like a first price auction. Basically basically basically and then like that that's really and then like that that's really. And then like that that's really punitive basically to people who choose punitive basically to people who choose. Punitive basically to people who choose high bid high fee bids high bid high fee bids. High bid high fee bids but then if you choose those high fee but then if you choose those high fee. But then if you choose those high fee bids you are guaranteed to pay them bids you are guaranteed to pay them. Bids you are guaranteed to pay them basically so it avoids that situation basically so it avoids that situation. Basically so it avoids that situation where it's like oh there's a thousand where it's like oh there's a thousand. Where it's like oh there's a thousand dollar opportunity you build 900 dollars dollar opportunity you build 900 dollars. Dollar opportunity you build 900 dollars but you end up paying 20. it's like no i. But you end up paying 20. it's like no I but you end up paying 20. it's like no i. Mean mean mean transactions right so this is one thing transactions right so this is one thing. Transactions right so this is one thing that's changed now so one of the reasons that's changed now so one of the reasons. That's changed now so one of the reasons why you might want to have bid a fairly why you might want to have bid a fairly. Why you might want to have bid a fairly high amount in 2018 is because you were high amount in 2018 is because you were. High amount in 2018 is because you were like pre-signing a transaction right and like pre-signing a transaction right and. Like pre-signing a transaction right and now we have a solution to that now we have a solution to that. Now we have a solution to that it's not just that but also like for it's not just that but also like for. It's not just that but also like for like clients like it it really avoids like clients like it it really avoids. Like clients like it it really avoids having to having to having to to keep track of market activity like. To keep track of market activity like to keep track of market activity like the activity like and especially if you. The activity like and especially if you the activity like and especially if you start to say okay. Start to say okay start to say okay the the the predicting fees is basically predicting fees is basically. Predicting fees is basically is is becoming even harder is is becoming even harder. is is becoming even harder I think you have to have this kind of I think you have to have this kind of. I think you have to have this kind of mechanism well no but I mean what this mechanism well no but I mean what this. Mechanism well no but I mean what this current mechanism is is basically you current mechanism is is basically you. Current mechanism is is basically you say the maximum fee and then whichever say the maximum fee and then whichever. Say the maximum fee and then whichever validator wins nomination decides how validator wins nomination decides how. Validator wins nomination decides how much you actually pay right like that's much you actually pay right like that's. Much you actually pay right like that's that's what this is going on but it's that's what this is going on but it's. That's what this is going on but it's sort of right sort of right sort of right looks like a dutch auction. looks like a dutch auction looks like a dutch auction kind of because there's these groups are. Kind of because there's these groups are kind of because there's these groups are. You running the dutch auction but like you running the dutch auction but like you running the dutch auction but like. If I can kind of if I can kind of if I can kind of pull people into different groups who. Pull people into different groups who pull people into different groups who are paying who are gonna end up paying. Are paying who are gonna end up paying are paying who are gonna end up paying different amounts for the same good then. Different amounts for the same good then different amounts for the same good then. It's like I might as well just set the it's like I might as well just set the it's like I might as well just set the. Price price price you know it just it seems like it's you know it just it seems like it's. You know it just it seems like it's trying to look like it's still a dutch trying to look like it's still a dutch. Trying to look like it's still a dutch auction when it's not so let's just be auction when it's not so let's just be. Auction when it's not so let's just be more directly what it is which is more directly what it is which is. More directly what it is which is validators setting fees per transaction validators setting fees per transaction. Validators setting fees per transaction but it's like saying oh yeah like but it's like saying oh yeah like. But it's like saying oh yeah like because like validators may decide to because like validators may decide to. Because like validators may decide to not do what we want people to do not do what we want people to do. Not do what we want people to do then then then let's throw away the whole thing let's throw away the whole thing. Let's throw away the whole thing right and make plans as complicated as right and make plans as complicated as. Right and make plans as complicated as possible no I'm just saying like figure possible no I'm just saying like figure. Possible no I'm just saying like figure out what we want validators to do and out what we want validators to do and. Out what we want validators to do and just directly give them that power just directly give them that power. Just directly give them that power instead of no but like that that's fine instead of no but like that that's fine. Instead of no but like that that's fine like we already like that's the point of like we already like that's the point of. Like we already like that's the point of this cap is we give them that power but this cap is we give them that power but. This cap is we give them that power but then saying then saying then saying we also get rid of the bidding aspect. Well validators could decide to run a well validators could decide to run a dutch auction right the point is if we. Dutch auction right the point is if we dutch auction right the point is if we if we're giving values the discretion to. If we're giving values the discretion to if we're giving values the discretion to. Set fees then one of the things they set fees then one of the things they set fees then one of the things they. Could do is run a dutch auction but could do is run a dutch auction but could do is run a dutch auction but. There's no reason to still have like to there's no reason to still have like to there's no reason to still have like to. Have cap five somehow wired into the have cap five somehow wired into the have cap five somehow wired into the. Consensus layer cap five is now going to consensus layer cap five is now going to. Consensus layer cap five is now going to be be be true yeah that's yeah exactly that's. True yeah that's yeah exactly that's true yeah that's yeah exactly that's actually that's what the cap 42 already. Actually that's what the cap 42 already actually that's what the cap 42 already says it. Says it says it there's no more there's no more there's no more search prices we're running these we're. Search prices we're running these we're search prices we're running these we're running these dutch auctions per group. Running these dutch auctions per group running these dutch auctions per group which just seems like an inefficient. Which just seems like an inefficient which just seems like an inefficient we're adding this unnecessary level of. We're adding this unnecessary level of we're adding this unnecessary level of indirection right we're giving we're. Indirection right we're giving we're indirection right we're giving we're giving validators the ability to set the. Giving validators the ability to set the giving validators the ability to set the. Fee of every transaction and then fee of every transaction and then fee of every transaction and then. We're doing it in this like weird clumsy we're doing it in this like weird clumsy. We're doing it in this like weird clumsy bucketing way that you know is gonna bucketing way that you know is gonna. Bucketing way that you know is gonna require you to like check large sets of require you to like check large sets of. Require you to like check large sets of integers that they're not overlapping integers that they're not overlapping. Integers that they're not overlapping and all this other stuff which is just and all this other stuff which is just. And all this other stuff which is just like like like you know you know you know why just like set the fee per. Why just like set the fee per why just like set the fee per transaction transaction. Transaction but how would you resolve contention if but how would you resolve contention if. But how would you resolve contention if it came up like if everyone submitted it came up like if everyone submitted. It came up like if everyone submitted the same kind of transaction all at once the same kind of transaction all at once. The same kind of transaction all at once and there's contention for ledger space and there's contention for ledger space. And there's contention for ledger space in that situation in that situation in that situation. It's just you know highest it's it's just you know highest it's it's just you know highest it's. Basically the normal basically the normal basically the normal you know like I'm speaking. You know like I'm speaking you know like I'm speaking at auction or a first at auction or a first. At auction or a first price auction but just not at the price auction but just not at the. Price auction but just not at the consensus layer like it would be the consensus layer like it would be the. Consensus layer like it would be the block the nominator would be the one block the nominator would be the one. Block the nominator would be the one who's basically setting the fee rules who's basically setting the fee rules. Who's basically setting the fee rules for the block as opposed to for the block as opposed to. For the block as opposed to having having having happen at the consensus layer. And like you don't like when I was and like you don't like when I was saying that like we don't necessarily. Saying that like we don't necessarily saying that like we don't necessarily want to do the dot auction I wasn't. Want to do the dot auction I wasn't want to do the dot auction I wasn't saying we don't want to do it for any. Saying we don't want to do it for any saying we don't want to do it for any transactions but what do you do but. Transactions but what do you do but transactions but what do you do but there's no reason you can't implement a. There's no reason you can't implement a there's no reason you can't implement a duns auction like as you're nominating a. Duns auction like as you're nominating a duns auction like as you're nominating a. Block right but we might want to like block right but we might want to like block right but we might want to like. For certain types of transactions that for certain types of transactions that for certain types of transactions that. We think are very benign we might we think are very benign we might we think are very benign we might. Actually want to mandate it basically actually want to mandate it basically actually want to mandate it basically. Leave it giving clients the opportunity leave it giving clients the opportunity leave it giving clients the opportunity. To do very simple fee estimation to do very simple fee estimation to do very simple fee estimation. And then if you're trying to do and then if you're trying to do and then if you're trying to do. Something that's very you know something that's very you know something that's very you know. Profit generating deliberately profit profit generating deliberately profit profit generating deliberately profit. Generating but not otherwise useful generating but not otherwise useful generating but not otherwise useful. then you have this more complicated then you have this more complicated then you have this more complicated. Fee situation to deal with and you pay fee situation to deal with and you pay fee situation to deal with and you pay. Higher fees okay but if you want to higher fees okay but if you want to higher fees okay but if you want to. Audit that then it's going to be easier audit that then it's going to be easier audit that then it's going to be easier. To segregate the transactions right I to segregate the transactions right I to segregate the transactions right i. Think I'm not opposed to that at all we think I'm not opposed to that at all we think I'm not opposed to that at all we. Can say like I could definitely see a can say like I could definitely see a can say like I could definitely see a. Thing where we say like at the consensus thing where we say like at the consensus. Thing where we say like at the consensus layer you know group zero layer you know group zero. Layer you know group zero is transaction envelope group zero is is transaction envelope group zero is. Is transaction envelope group zero is going to be not going to allow order going to be not going to allow order. Going to be not going to allow order book things and it's gonna have to be a book things and it's gonna have to be a. Book things and it's gonna have to be a dutch auction right and then like number dutch auction right and then like number. Dutch auction right and then like number one you know group one is like one you know group one is like. One you know group one is like discretionary discretionary discretionary sure yeah that. Sure yeah that sure yeah that I would be super comfortable with that I would be super comfortable with that. I would be super comfortable with that but like for me it just comes back to but like for me it just comes back to. But like for me it just comes back to like like like do do do do we want to do stuff like that do like. Do we want to do stuff like that do like do we want to do stuff like that do like. If we want to keep the dutch auction if we want to keep the dutch auction if we want to keep the dutch auction. Aspect of it I think we should probably aspect of it I think we should probably aspect of it I think we should probably. Mandate it in some parts and if we don't mandate it in some parts and if we don't. Mandate it in some parts and if we don't want to keep it then we should just be want to keep it then we should just be. Want to keep it then we should just be honest like you were saying and just honest like you were saying and just. Honest like you were saying and just like like like not even have any pretense of doing it. Not even have any pretense of doing it not even have any pretense of doing it and just say okay like validators you. And just say okay like validators you and just say okay like validators you choose whatever you want and this is . Choose whatever you want and this is choose whatever you want and this is like cat 42 supports this. Like cat 42 supports this like cat 42 supports this basically my argument here would be just. Basically my argument here would be just basically my argument here would be just. Like remove the directions like remove the directions like remove the directions for what you're supposed to do and. for what you're supposed to do and for what you're supposed to do and say like do whatever you want I mean. Say like do whatever you want I mean say like do whatever you want I mean like to mandated. Like to mandated like to mandated you have to actually include whatever you have to actually include whatever. You have to actually include whatever rule is used for partitioning has to be rule is used for partitioning has to be. Rule is used for partitioning has to be part of the protocol then exactly part of the protocol then exactly. Part of the protocol then exactly at least which makes it into that one at least which makes it into that one. At least which makes it into that one subset the rest of them which means that subset the rest of them which means that. Subset the rest of them which means that for any any change we want to make for any any change we want to make. For any any change we want to make to to to this partitioning scheme is a protocol. This partitioning scheme is a protocol this partitioning scheme is a protocol change only to that one partition. Change only to that one partition change only to that one partition well like it could be a parameter too it. Well like it could be a parameter too it well like it could be a parameter too it. Could be like you know a bitmap of the could be like you know a bitmap of the could be like you know a bitmap of the. Operation types that are allowed in operation types that are allowed in operation types that are allowed in. Like actually the first version of this like actually the first version of this like actually the first version of this. Cap was not it was not operation type it cap was not it was not operation type it. Cap was not it was not operation type it was based on which markets was based on which markets. Was based on which markets you would you would you would will you be will you be. will you be you know doing so it was you know doing so it was you know doing so it was. Much more much more much more granular granular granular so that's not the type of thing you. So that's not the type of thing you so that's not the type of thing you would want to you can encode as a. Would want to you can encode as a would want to you can encode as a parameter it's but those would be the. Parameter it's but those would be the parameter it's but those would be the. Things that aren't in things that aren't in things that aren't in so basically like when you do a path. So basically like when you do a path payment you are not guaranteed to pay payment you are not guaranteed to pay. Payment you are not guaranteed to pay dutch auction to get the dutch auction dutch auction to get the dutch auction. Dutch auction to get the dutch auction treatment if you do a simple treatment if you do a simple. Treatment if you do a simple payment you're guaranteed to get the payment you're guaranteed to get the. Payment you're guaranteed to get the dutch auction treatment that's exactly dutch auction treatment that's exactly. Dutch auction treatment that's exactly the kind of thing I'm talking about the kind of thing I'm talking about. The kind of thing I'm talking about and then of course whether or not you and then of course whether or not you. And then of course whether or not you get the dutch auction or something close get the dutch auction or something close. Get the dutch auction or something close to it would depend on the particular to it would depend on the particular. To it would depend on the particular validator and that validator could validator and that validator could. Validator and that validator could decide it depends on the particular decide it depends on the particular. Decide it depends on the particular assets that you're touching do we think that changing the fee. Do we think that changing the fee structure for these kinds of operations structure for these kinds of operations. Structure for these kinds of operations meaning like these non the non super meaning like these non the non super. Meaning like these non the non super benign very efficiently implementable benign very efficiently implementable. Benign very efficiently implementable operations operations operations would make a big difference. Would make a big difference would make a big difference I think I think I think that david you were already questioning. That david you were already questioning that david you were already questioning that like is this enough control to. That like is this enough control to that like is this enough control to discourage those kinds of things or. Discourage those kinds of things or discourage those kinds of things or split things up appropriately. Split things up appropriately split things up appropriately is that right is the fees the thing that. Is that right is the fees the thing that is that right is the fees the thing that. Matters is the matters is the matters is the segregation in terms of number of those. Segregation in terms of number of those segregation in terms of number of those operations that can enter the. Operations that can enter the operations that can enter the transaction set the right thing to. Transaction set the right thing to transaction set the right thing to control control. Control like what is the thing that matters I mean I you know I think that I mean I you know I think that. Oh yeah of course we want to get oh yeah of course we want to get oh yeah of course we want to get . You know we want to you know we want to you know we want to some of this is going to be subjective. Some of this is going to be subjective some of this is going to be subjective right it's going to be like validators. Right it's going to be like validators right it's going to be like validators are gonna have an idea that there's some. Are gonna have an idea that there's some are gonna have an idea that there's some. Stuff that is you know more valuable stuff that is you know more valuable stuff that is you know more valuable. To the network than other stuff to the network than other stuff to the network than other stuff. Right right right and then people creating transactions and then people creating transactions. And then people creating transactions are gonna have some idea of how are gonna have some idea of how. Are gonna have some idea of how important their transactions are which important their transactions are which. Important their transactions are which is going to be is going to be is going to be. reflected in the fee reflected in the fee reflected in the fee or the max fee that they're they're. Or the max fee that they're they're or the max fee that they're they're willing to bid for that transaction. Willing to bid for that transaction willing to bid for that transaction and so I think we kind of. And so I think we kind of and so I think we kind of we like the idea that you know if my. We like the idea that you know if my we like the idea that you know if my transaction's really important I can. Transaction's really important I can transaction's really important I can like pay a lot of money and and get it. Like pay a lot of money and and get it like pay a lot of money and and get it included. Included included this cap doesn't actually guarantee that this cap doesn't actually guarantee that. This cap doesn't actually guarantee that right because I could bid like a large right because I could bid like a large. Right because I could bid like a large amount for my transaction but the amount for my transaction but the. Amount for my transaction but the validator could you know either not validator could you know either not. Validator could you know either not included or could include it in a included or could include it in a. Included or could include it in a transaction set with a low a subset with transaction set with a low a subset with. Transaction set with a low a subset with a low a low a low base fee and then this my the block. base fee and then this my the block base fee and then this my the block that contained my transaction would like. That contained my transaction would like that contained my transaction would like. Compare unfavorably to a block that has compare unfavorably to a block that has compare unfavorably to a block that has. Like higher fees like higher fees like higher fees for other transactions even though their. For other transactions even though their for other transactions even though their. Max fees are lower max fees are lower max fees are lower the way that so so that we actually. The way that so so that we actually the way that so so that we actually almost never compare blocks it's true. Almost never compare blocks it's true almost never compare blocks it's true that's true so and then the the. That's true so and then the the that's true so and then the the the spell spell that's actually already. The spell spell that's actually already the spell spell that's actually already going to happen today so I don't want. Going to happen today so I don't want going to happen today so I don't want that okay. That okay that okay I suppose there's not really much I suppose there's not really much. I suppose there's not really much guarantee that any validator will guarantee that any validator will. Guarantee that any validator will include your trend like you can imagine include your trend like you can imagine. Include your trend like you can imagine that david you know you like want to that david you know you like want to. That david you know you like want to send justin a payment or something to send justin a payment or something to. Send justin a payment or something to like close out a payment channel or like close out a payment channel or. Like close out a payment channel or something something something and you're willing to pay like a million. And you're willing to pay like a million and you're willing to pay like a million. Xlm to do it yeah but like maybe me xlm to do it yeah but like maybe me xlm to do it yeah but like maybe me. And nico and tomer are the validators and nico and tomer are the validators and nico and tomer are the validators. And we're just like yeah maybe not and then we just like maybe not and then we just like. Refused to include your transaction is refused to include your transaction is refused to include your transaction is. That that you know that that you know that that you know if some if some. If some if some validator eventually if if some validator eventually if. If some validator eventually if there's some validator willing to do it there's some validator willing to do it. There's some validator willing to do it and that validator eventually wins and that validator eventually wins. And that validator eventually wins consensus then it will your transaction consensus then it will your transaction. Consensus then it will your transaction will see the light of day yeah right you need consent you need. Right you need consent you need some some some offline agreement basically to really. Offline agreement basically to really offline agreement basically to really. Censor transactions and that's that doesn't change this cap and that's that doesn't change this cap. I don't think this cap can change that I don't think this cap can change that I don't think this cap can change that. It changes it a little it changes it a little it changes it a little well no I guess not not really. Well no I guess not not really well no I guess not not really not any amount that matters I think. We have not heard from we have not heard from lee and lee and lee and not much from tumer where do you guys. Not much from tumer where do you guys not much from tumer where do you guys kind of stand on all of this. I kind of want to understand I kind of want to understand it sounds like david has a much like. It sounds like david has a much like it sounds like david has a much like more simplified approach I'm trying. More simplified approach I'm trying more simplified approach I'm trying to understand like from a mechanical. To understand like from a mechanical to understand like from a mechanical perspective what this looks like. Perspective what this looks like perspective what this looks like what is what is. What is what are the protocol changes required what are the protocol changes required. What are the protocol changes required if any for validators to start assigning if any for validators to start assigning. If any for validators to start assigning random fees random fees random fees or not random fees to . Or not random fees to or not random fees to to transactions to transactions. To transactions yeah I'm yeah I'm yeah I'm yeah I think about this but I think like. Yeah I think about this but I think like yeah I think about this but I think like. David has a point if we're just like david has a point if we're just like david has a point if we're just like. Pretending with this pretending with this pretending with this with this like group based. with this like group based with this like group based approach approach. Approach you know like we can implement that you know like we can implement that you know like we can implement that. Logic without that so I mean like I mean like so the group thing is more like yeah. So the group thing is more like yeah so the group thing is more like yeah like I don't really care that's more. Like I don't really care that's more like I don't really care that's more like like. Like like I said it's a sterilization format like I said it's a sterilization format. Like I said it's a sterilization format problem like I think we still have problem like I think we still have. Problem like I think we still have like the new thing I think the the new like the new thing I think the the new. Like the new thing I think the the new point that that david raised which is point that that david raised which is. Point that that david raised which is interesting is interesting is interesting is. Should we should we should we basically hard code basically hard code basically hard code. The the the this split that is in the proposal right this split that is in the proposal right. This split that is in the proposal right now as an optional thing now as an optional thing. Now as an optional thing so that should like this split being that that there's like a presumption there that . There's like a presumption there that there's like a presumption there that . That non-decks operations operations operations or yeah transactions or yeah transactions . or yeah transactions we're not going to need to do to we're not going to need to do to. We're not going to need to do to to split that further to split that further to split that further. You know you know you know oh oh oh sure sure sure or without going through consensus sure. Or without going through consensus sure or without going through consensus sure I guess. I guess I guess put another way do we feel that for put another way do we feel that for. Put another way do we feel that for certain kinds of transactions people certain kinds of transactions people. Certain kinds of transactions people should be guaranteed the dutch auction should be guaranteed the dutch auction. Should be guaranteed the dutch auction and the and the and the validator shouldn't have discretion. Validator shouldn't have discretion validator shouldn't have discretion that's the question I was wondering too. That's the question I was wondering too that's the question I was wondering too david and. David and david and I think nico thinks the answer to that I think nico thinks the answer to that. I think nico thinks the answer to that is yes is yes is yes I am also inclined to think the answer. I am also inclined to think the answer I am also inclined to think the answer. To that is probably to that is probably to that is probably yes yes yes I'm not sure maybe I'm wrong that niko. I'm not sure maybe I'm wrong that niko I'm not sure maybe I'm wrong that niko thinks that but I think he thinks that. Thinks that but I think he thinks that thinks that but I think he thinks that based on his reaction when we were. Based on his reaction when we were based on his reaction when we were talking about removing the dutch auction. Talking about removing the dutch auction talking about removing the dutch auction. I mean I like the I mean I like the I mean I like the that system that you basically express. That system that you basically express that system that you basically express you know a maximum bid and then you. you know a maximum bid and then you you know a maximum bid and then you and then it's the job of adidas to try. And then it's the job of adidas to try and then it's the job of adidas to try to minimize this. To minimize this to minimize this for you for you for you okay so this okay so this. Okay so this this does not currently guarantee that this does not currently guarantee that. This does not currently guarantee that right cap 42. Right cap 42. Right cap 42. So so so the the the the the the the the the well there is no I guess like the I guess like the. Yeah there's no guarantee yeah there's no guarantee yeah there's no guarantee either even with the current system. Either even with the current system either even with the current system right like I could basically decide as a. Right like I could basically decide as a right like I could basically decide as a. Validator or all the ideas could decide validator or all the ideas could decide validator or all the ideas could decide. That that that they're going to they're going to they're going to group all expensive. Group all expensive group all expensive transactions in one ledger I know you transactions in one ledger I know you. transactions in one ledger I know you know that ledger is the stupid ledger know that ledger is the stupid ledger. Know that ledger is the stupid ledger right yeah right yeah right yeah at least you know that is a valid dutch. At least you know that is a valid dutch at least you know that is a valid dutch auction right you know at least you know. Auction right you know at least you know auction right you know at least you know. There's you know 999 other operations there's you know 999 other operations there's you know 999 other operations. That are willing to pay that that base that are willing to pay that that base that are willing to pay that that base. Fee or whatever fee or whatever fee or whatever right but I mean but I mean or you could say like fine you don't. Or you could say like fine you don't or you could say like fine you don't really have that guarantee because you. Really have that guarantee because you really have that guarantee because you know the validators could hold the. Know the validators could hold the know the validators could hold the expensive operations. Expensive operations expensive operations but but but it's the so I guess like maybe what. It's the so I guess like maybe what it's the so I guess like maybe what you're getting at is. You're getting at is you're getting at is we're effectively giving validators the. We're effectively giving validators the we're effectively giving validators the ability to just set a different fee for. Ability to just set a different fee for ability to just set a different fee for every transaction then let's just do. Every transaction then let's just do every transaction then let's just do that and not like wrap it up in some. That and not like wrap it up in some that and not like wrap it up in some kind of auction thing. Kind of auction thing kind of auction thing no but I can't so either yeah I mean no but I can't so either yeah I mean. No but I can't so either yeah I mean like it's I agree but like the like it's I agree but like the. Like it's I agree but like the alternative to this would be to say alternative to this would be to say. Alternative to this would be to say okay like because your point about okay like because your point about. Okay like because your point about okay I'm going to have a transaction okay I'm going to have a transaction. Okay I'm going to have a transaction where I put a fee of million dollars where I put a fee of million dollars. Where I put a fee of million dollars right and right and right and I mean as a I mean as a. I mean as a as a transaction submitter as a transaction submitter as a transaction submitter. I would feel very nervous about this I would feel very nervous about this I would feel very nervous about this. Because now if I have a because now if I have a because now if I have a leader that wants to play a joke on me. Leader that wants to play a joke on me leader that wants to play a joke on me they can. They can they can and they would actually pay nothing I and they would actually pay nothing i. And they would actually pay nothing I mean nobody's actually I mean only that mean nobody's actually I mean only that. Mean nobody's actually I mean only that one person is going to pay one million one person is going to pay one million. One person is going to pay one million right and that's what cap 42 lets you do right and that's what cap 42 lets you do. Right and that's what cap 42 lets you do so right now I have 42 lets you do that so right now I have 42 lets you do that. So right now I have 42 lets you do that I the I the I the original version that I wrote was. Original version that I wrote was original version that I wrote was actually actually . Actually requiring that those groups would be of requiring that those groups would be of. Requiring that those groups would be of a minimum size a minimum size a minimum size. To actually avoid this type of situation to actually avoid this type of situation. To actually avoid this type of situation but I thought it was maybe not but I thought it was maybe not. But I thought it was maybe not so basically you require to do this so basically you require to do this. So basically you require to do this those those those this bidding system. This bidding system this bidding system on on on at least some number of at least some number of . At least some number of of transactions of transactions of transactions. But yeah I don't know but yeah I don't know but yeah I don't know that would maybe mitigate this. And it kind of makes and it kind of makes it kind of makes both versions work in a. It kind of makes both versions work in a it kind of makes both versions work in a. Way because now you can have arbitrary sets because now you can have arbitrary sets. Or arbitrary groups or arbitrary groups or arbitrary groups where you do this bidding thing. I mean I mean I wonder if the right thing I'm just kind wonder if the right thing I'm just kind. Wonder if the right thing I'm just kind of breaking it down that this is of breaking it down that this is. Of breaking it down that this is not not not very nice very nice very nice in terms of like how much of the. In terms of like how much of the in terms of like how much of the ecosystem it impacts but I mean I almost. Ecosystem it impacts but I mean I almost ecosystem it impacts but I mean I almost. Wonder if you sort of you want to give wonder if you sort of you want to give wonder if you sort of you want to give. You want to give people submitting you want to give people submitting you want to give people submitting. Transactions a choice so if I had transactions a choice so if I had transactions a choice so if I had. Some flags on my transaction then I some flags on my transaction then I some flags on my transaction then i. Could say hey I'm willing to could say hey I'm willing to could say hey I'm willing to. I prefer the validators play with the I prefer the validators play with the I prefer the validators play with the. Priority of my transaction delayed or I priority of my transaction delayed or I priority of my transaction delayed or i. Prefer that validators play with the fee prefer that validators play with the fee. Prefer that validators play with the fee that I'm paying or something right and that I'm paying or something right and. That I'm paying or something right and so then you'll either so then you'll either. So then you'll either you'll you'll depending on what you you'll you'll depending on what you. You'll you'll depending on what you select you'll either pay a potentially select you'll either pay a potentially. Select you'll either pay a potentially very high fee if validators want you to very high fee if validators want you to. Very high fee if validators want you to or you'll get de-prioritized or you'll get de-prioritized. Or you'll get de-prioritized if they don't like the fact that it's a if they don't like the fact that it's a. If they don't like the fact that it's a path payment or that it's touching some path payment or that it's touching some. Path payment or that it's touching some asset that we think is a spam asset asset that we think is a spam asset. Asset that we think is a spam asset yeah I strongly oppose that idea I yeah I strongly oppose that idea i. Yeah I strongly oppose that idea I think that we have a problem right now think that we have a problem right now. Think that we have a problem right now with with the dutch auction where with with the dutch auction where . With with the dutch auction where people don't understand it because it's people don't understand it because it's. People don't understand it because it's so different from other networks so different from other networks. So different from other networks and understanding and understanding and understanding. Like adding other dimensions to like adding other dimensions to like adding other dimensions to. To like prioritization besides just to like prioritization besides just to like prioritization besides just. Feet feet feet is is just gonna is is just gonna is is just gonna confuse the hell out of people. Well what if there's just one bit which well what if there's just one bit which says I want to participate in the dutch. Says I want to participate in the dutch says I want to participate in the dutch auction or I want to pay this fee. Auction or I want to pay this fee auction or I want to pay this fee and so then and so then. And so then like like yeah why I mean I still like like yeah why I mean I still like like yeah why I mean I still. Understand why you would want people to understand why you would want people to understand why you would want people to. Like what the what the current contract like what the what the current contract like what the what the current contract. With the network is is that you put a with the network is is that you put a with the network is is that you put a. Fee bid and you may pay up to this fee bid and you may pay up to this fee bid and you may pay up to this. Number number number that's good that's the contract it's that's good that's the contract it's. That's good that's the contract it's fairly simple I think to understand fairly simple I think to understand. Fairly simple I think to understand maybe you don't maybe it's harder to maybe you don't maybe it's harder to. maybe you don't maybe it's harder to understand when my transaction is going understand when my transaction is going. Understand when my transaction is going to be included to be included to be included. but at least you know but at least you know but at least you know it's it's. It's the contract is simple the contract is simple the contract is simple yeah I agree with niko I think that like. Yeah I agree with niko I think that like yeah I agree with niko I think that like. The current the current contract doesn't the current the current contract doesn't. The current the current contract doesn't have to change even if the underlying have to change even if the underlying. Have to change even if the underlying mechanism changed like basically this is mechanism changed like basically this is. Mechanism changed like basically this is the amount the maximum amount I'm the amount the maximum amount I'm. The amount the maximum amount I'm willing to pay maybe if it's an willing to pay maybe if it's an. Willing to pay maybe if it's an opportunity I'm going to pay the whole opportunity I'm going to pay the whole. Opportunity I'm going to pay the whole thing maybe it's for something else thing maybe it's for something else. Thing maybe it's for something else you're going to pay like the validators you're going to pay like the validators. You're going to pay like the validators can change the logic without having to can change the logic without having to. Can change the logic without having to have like wallets start like exposing a have like wallets start like exposing a. Have like wallets start like exposing a weird interface that's true but but we weird interface that's true but but we. Weird interface that's true but but we are the validators are gonna have to are the validators are gonna have to. Are the validators are gonna have to make a decision right they're gonna say make a decision right they're gonna say. Make a decision right they're gonna say like either you're willing to pay a lot like either you're willing to pay a lot. Like either you're willing to pay a lot and either I'm going to you know and either I'm going to you know. And either I'm going to you know charge you a lot or I'm gonna charge you charge you a lot or I'm gonna charge you. Charge you a lot or I'm gonna charge you the same as everybody else the same as everybody else. The same as everybody else right so we're now giving the validators right so we're now giving the validators. Right so we're now giving the validators that discretion and you know if we think that the if we. And you know if we think that the if we think that the dutch auction is a good think that the dutch auction is a good. Think that the dutch auction is a good thing and we think that certain thing and we think that certain. Thing and we think that certain transactions should be guaranteed the transactions should be guaranteed the. Transactions should be guaranteed the dutch auction I'm I'm not sure I believe dutch auction I'm I'm not sure I believe. Dutch auction I'm I'm not sure I believe this right but it's it's plausible like this right but it's it's plausible like. This right but it's it's plausible like I'm I'm not taking it aside I'm I'm not taking it aside. I'm I'm not taking it aside then maybe make it explicit in the in then maybe make it explicit in the in. then maybe make it explicit in the in the transaction itself and the transaction itself and . The transaction itself and as opposed to   I don't see how like that you can make. I don't see how like that you can make I don't see how like that you can make it really explicit I mean like you have. It really explicit I mean like you have it really explicit I mean like you have to have a market to afford this to. To have a market to afford this to to have a market to afford this to to work to work. To work that's why I was saying like maybe it's that's why I was saying like maybe it's. That's why I was saying like maybe it's more like more like more like I ensuring that people are actually part. Ensuring that people are actually part ensuring that people are actually part of a market when they are doing this. Of a market when they are doing this of a market when they are doing this building they expect some bidding. Like you know I want to be competing like you know I want to be competing with at least. With at least with at least five people or ten people I don't know five people or ten people I don't know. Five people or ten people I don't know what the number is but like what the number is but like. What the number is but like sometimes something like that can we go back a little bit to this . Can we go back a little bit to this like if we actually like if we actually like if we actually. Combine combine combine the the the    groups and apply order like make them. Groups and apply order like make them groups and apply order like make them the same thing. The same thing the same thing I think this I think this I think this may create. May create may create it depends if like how many groups we it depends if like how many groups we. It depends if like how many groups we have but like I have but like I have but like i. Think think think if we think that people are going to be if we think that people are going to be. If we think that people are going to be if we want people to add more groups of if we want people to add more groups of. If we want people to add more groups of our time doesn't that leave too much. Doesn't that leave too much doesn't that leave too much does that give too much kind of power. Does that give too much kind of power does that give too much kind of power. To validators now that they can control to validators now that they can control to validators now that they can control. Apply order right now they don't really apply order right now they don't really apply order right now they don't really. Control that control that control that well I mean the the the rules for well I mean the the the rules for. Well I mean the the the rules for apply order could go through consensus apply order could go through consensus. Apply order could go through consensus potentially potentially potentially or some some rules I mean so like i. or some some rules I mean so like I or some some rules I mean so like I could definitely imagine a situation. Could definitely imagine a situation could definitely imagine a situation where like you know in the long term. Where like you know in the long term where like you know in the long term there's like four groups you know. There's like four groups you know there's like four groups you know there's there's. There's there's speed x there's there's speed x there's there's speed x there's fast legacy operations there's slow. Fast legacy operations there's slow fast legacy operations there's slow legacy operations and then there's like. Legacy operations and then there's like legacy operations and then there's like smart contracts. Smart contracts smart contracts yeah exactly like so those groups I yeah exactly like so those groups I i. Yeah exactly like so those groups I understand those groups I don't understand those groups I don't. Understand those groups I don't understand how inside those groups inside those groups. Fees would impact apply order okay two things to interject here one okay two things to interject here one. There's actually already a cap about there's actually already a cap about there's actually already a cap about. Arbitrary transaction orders so we arbitrary transaction orders so we arbitrary transaction orders so we. Should probably all review it at some should probably all review it at some should probably all review it at some. Point and incorporate that information point and incorporate that information point and incorporate that information. Into this conversation because we into this conversation because we into this conversation because we. Probably already argued about this like probably already argued about this like probably already argued about this like. Three years ago three years ago three years ago and since we didn't do that for all the. And since we didn't do that for all the and since we didn't do that for all the reasons so we should learn what we. Reasons so we should learn what we reasons so we should learn what we learned back then. It's 14. it was written by jeremy it's 14. it was written by jeremy I don't remember what it says either i. I don't remember what it says either I don't remember what it says either i. Just remember it having it I just just remember it having it I just just remember it having it I just. Remembered having the word adversarial remembered having the word adversarial remembered having the word adversarial. Transaction ordering and I'm like ah yes transaction ordering and I'm like ah yes. Transaction ordering and I'm like ah yes the I think the word adversarial made the I think the word adversarial made. The I think the word adversarial made this pretty unpopular this pretty unpopular. This pretty unpopular but the but the but the the second thing I want to add is like. The second thing I want to add is like the second thing I want to add is like I think probably to make this grouping. I think probably to make this grouping I think probably to make this grouping thing sane. Thing sane thing sane the fees and the groups would have to be the fees and the groups would have to be. The fees and the groups would have to be on different like unorthogonal axes on different like unorthogonal axes. On different like unorthogonal axes otherwise like this is gonna just be a otherwise like this is gonna just be a. Otherwise like this is gonna just be a nightmare I think nico nightmare I think nico. Nightmare I think nico probably probably probably okay what's that what's your. Okay what's that what's your okay what's that what's your sorry I missed your comment. Sorry I missed your comment sorry I missed your comment like you were saying like how would. like you were saying like how would like you were saying like how would the fees. The fees the fees impact the ordering within the groups impact the ordering within the groups. Impact the ordering within the groups and like you know what about the number and like you know what about the number. And like you know what about the number of groups and stuff like that I mean of groups and stuff like that I mean. Of groups and stuff like that I mean probably like fees and apply and like probably like fees and apply and like. Probably like fees and apply and like phases should be separate kind of phases should be separate kind of. Phases should be separate kind of grouping or tagging or whatever system I grouping or tagging or whatever system i. Grouping or tagging or whatever system I know that's that's what I'm saying like know that's that's what I'm saying like. Know that's that's what I'm saying like I don't like the idea of mixing the two I don't like the idea of mixing the two. I don't like the idea of mixing the two concepts yeah yeah I don't think they concepts yeah yeah I don't think they. Concepts yeah yeah I don't think they should be mixed I think that would be a should be mixed I think that would be a. Should be mixed I think that would be a mess mess mess that'd be really really complicated. That'd be really really complicated that'd be really really complicated right but like. Right but like right but like maybe the the things that maybe as part maybe the the things that maybe as part. Maybe the the things that maybe as part of those changes if we mess with the of those changes if we mess with the. Of those changes if we mess with the transaction set we should make it that transaction set we should make it that. Transaction set we should make it that it's easy to add more it's easy to add more. It's easy to add more phases I guess phases I guess phases I guess even if we're not adding a phase with. Even if we're not adding a phase with even if we're not adding a phase with this this. This with with with this change because we don't have the this change because we don't have the. This change because we don't have the need for that need for that need for that right now. right now right now I think we I mean I can see given that I think we I mean I can see given that. I think we I mean I can see given that I'm adding this generalized transaction I'm adding this generalized transaction. I'm adding this generalized transaction set thing like maybe set thing like maybe. Set thing like maybe it should be easier to have phases to it should be easier to have phases to. it should be easier to have phases to it it it now I don't think it's that easy. Now I don't think it's that easy now I don't think it's that easy actually because it's using this index thing. Because it's using this index thing and yeah maybe I should just ditch that and yeah maybe I should just ditch that. And yeah maybe I should just ditch that and then instead it's like you actually and then instead it's like you actually. And then instead it's like you actually have actual have actual have actual vectors and yeah. Vectors and yeah vectors and yeah I would like that more   so we are getting close to the hour and. So we are getting close to the hour and so we are getting close to the hour and I guess my question is you know it seems. I guess my question is you know it seems I guess my question is you know it seems. Like there are like there are like there are there's more to discuss than there's. There's more to discuss than there's there's more to discuss than there's more to think about. More to think about more to think about what's the best way to move the what's the best way to move the. What's the best way to move the discussion forward discussion forward discussion forward. I mean I think there are like a few so I mean I think there are like a few so I mean I think there are like a few so. There are like a few interesting there are like a few interesting there are like a few interesting. Questions here there's the questions here there's the questions here there's the . yeah the action system yeah the action system yeah the action system like what do we do with this. Like what do we do with this like what do we do with this and then there's the actual structure of. And then there's the actual structure of the like the like the like how can we do. How can we do how can we do what type of groups can exist or not what type of groups can exist or not. What type of groups can exist or not exist outside of the protocol exist outside of the protocol. Exist outside of the protocol so I think there's also work that so I think there's also work that. So I think there's also work that there's something that doesn't need to there's something that doesn't need to. There's something that doesn't need to go through the transaction there I don't go through the transaction there I don't. Go through the transaction there I don't know how you guys have like what the know how you guys have like what the. Know how you guys have like what the current state of this is but I think current state of this is but I think. Current state of this is but I think that there's going to be some that there's going to be some. That there's going to be some configuration configuration configuration  .  some way of configuring Stellar core to some way of configuring Stellar core to. Some way of configuring Stellar core to say like which transactions we think are say like which transactions we think are. Say like which transactions we think are you know should be prioritized and so you know should be prioritized and so. You know should be prioritized and so that doesn't need to go through the that doesn't need to go through the. That doesn't need to go through the consensus layer that's what's going to consensus layer that's what's going to. Consensus layer that's what's going to like you know basically like you know basically. Like you know basically implement the discretion that validators implement the discretion that validators. Implement the discretion that validators have but have but have but having having. Having some part of that kind of design some part of that kind of design some part of that kind of design. Sketched out I think would potentially sketched out I think would potentially sketched out I think would potentially. Inform inform inform the debate over what the the consensus the debate over what the the consensus. The debate over what the the consensus layer like transaction segregation layer like transaction segregation. Layer like transaction segregation mechanism should look like mechanism should look like. Mechanism should look like there is a like a super duper ultra there is a like a super duper ultra. There is a like a super duper ultra primitive version of that that already primitive version of that that already. Primitive version of that that already exists exists exists super super primitive. Super super primitive super super primitive but I do think it'd be interesting to. but I do think it'd be interesting to but I do think it'd be interesting to. Kind of think about like kind of think about like kind of think about like what what. What like what could we actually make like what could we actually make like what could we actually make. Expressible in a pretty simple way expressible in a pretty simple way expressible in a pretty simple way. Because like if there's nothing that's because like if there's nothing that's because like if there's nothing that's. Really useful that we can express really useful that we can express really useful that we can express. Then that really lends itself towards then that really lends itself towards then that really lends itself towards. Saying like okay like these things saying like okay like these things saying like okay like these things. Probably like too complicated to express probably like too complicated to express. Probably like too complicated to express they're not configurable validators they're not configurable validators. They're not configurable validators won't be able to do it etc whereas if we won't be able to do it etc whereas if we. Won't be able to do it etc whereas if we can think of lots of useful things that can think of lots of useful things that. Can think of lots of useful things that you can express simply and it's like you can express simply and it's like. You can express simply and it's like actually like we should feel free to actually like we should feel free to. Actually like we should feel free to give validators a lot of power to make give validators a lot of power to make. Give validators a lot of power to make you know same decisions and they can you know same decisions and they can. You know same decisions and they can configure it easily configure it easily configure it easily. I think that matters a lot I mean like I think that matters a lot I mean like I think that matters a lot I mean like. The yeah like the I guess they're like the yeah like the I guess they're like the yeah like the I guess they're like. Different things here there's like different things here there's like different things here there's like. Because my because my because my what I thought here my intent here was what I thought here my intent here was. What I thought here my intent here was not necessarily to make it not necessarily to make it. Not necessarily to make it like like like something that you would necessarily something that you would necessarily. Something that you would necessarily you know do you know do you know do in as a config right it's not like a. In as a config right it's not like a in as a config right it's not like a config file that people deploy I thought. Config file that people deploy I thought config file that people deploy I thought. It would be more of a it would be more of a it would be more of a you make actual changes to Stellar call. You make actual changes to Stellar call you make actual changes to Stellar call and then those things get. And then those things get and then those things get you know I mean I think a config file. You know I mean I think a config file you know I mean I think a config file would be better because I mean it would. Would be better because I mean it would would be better because I mean it would the point is it's better but it's. The point is it's better but it's the point is it's better but it's it's it gets a lot more complicated. It's it gets a lot more complicated it's it gets a lot more complicated in terms of I mean I really changing. In terms of I mean I really changing in terms of I mean I really changing Stellar. Stellar Stellar changing consensus of course is is changing consensus of course is is. Changing consensus of course is is easier right and we'd rather tell people easier right and we'd rather tell people. Easier right and we'd rather tell people hey you know because of this thing like hey you know because of this thing like. Hey you know because of this thing like please compile the you know this latest please compile the you know this latest. Please compile the you know this latest version of Stellar core which is still version of Stellar core which is still. Version of Stellar core which is still the same protocol version but that's the same protocol version but that's. The same protocol version but that's still pretty heavyweight so still pretty heavyweight so. Still pretty heavyweight so it would be nice at least to rule out it would be nice at least to rule out. It would be nice at least to rule out that a config file isn't sufficient that a config file isn't sufficient. That a config file isn't sufficient how do you feel about a hook david like how do you feel about a hook david like. How do you feel about a hook david like what we do for history maybe yeah maybe yeah. Because then we could just like because then we could just like because then we could just like. Basically just like vomit out the set of basically just like vomit out the set of. Basically just like vomit out the set of transactions that we have in memory at transactions that we have in memory at. Transactions that we have in memory at your script your script your script and say like hey man this is your. And say like hey man this is your and say like hey man this is your problem you figure it out. Problem you figure it out problem you figure it out yeah or you know it could even be if we. Yeah or you know it could even be if we yeah or you know it could even be if we keep care about efficiency it could be. Keep care about efficiency it could be keep care about efficiency it could be like a plug-in or something right that. Like a plug-in or something right that like a plug-in or something right that you know. you know you know but but like what does it but but like what does it but but like what does it. Look like maybe the plug-in just like look like maybe the plug-in just like look like maybe the plug-in just like. Assigns a small integer to each assigns a small integer to each assigns a small integer to each. Transaction which is it's sort of it's transaction which is it's sort of it's transaction which is it's sort of it's. Bucket number or something and then bucket number or something and then bucket number or something and then. There's a config file that assigns there's a config file that assigns there's a config file that assigns. Minimum fees or relations of fees minimum fees or relations of fees minimum fees or relations of fees. Between buckets I don't know like and between buckets I don't know like and between buckets I don't know like and. Right now I'm just making some up so but right now I'm just making some up so but. Right now I'm just making some up so but to have at least one concrete design on to have at least one concrete design on. To have at least one concrete design on the table not an implementation just a the table not an implementation just a. The table not an implementation just a design I think would design I think would. Design I think would would make the the would make it a lot would make the the would make it a lot. Would make the the would make it a lot easier to discuss cap 42 and the various easier to discuss cap 42 and the various. Easier to discuss cap 42 and the various possible changes to cap 42 in in in like. Possible changes to cap 42 in in in like possible changes to cap 42 in in in like. Its concrete context I mean like the other thing that would I mean like the other thing that would. Happen that sounds like like happen that sounds like like happen that sounds like like. Like it's getting into let's see how like it's getting into let's see how like it's getting into let's see how. What type of complicated policy we would what type of complicated policy we would. What type of complicated policy we would want to implement want to implement want to implement. And and is too expressive enough or is and and is too expressive enough or is and and is too expressive enough or is. It too complicated for the things that it too complicated for the things that it too complicated for the things that. We want to do well like like like I mean like like which policy like like I mean like like which policy like. Like I mean like like which policy like I had a previous example of policy in I had a previous example of policy in. I had a previous example of policy in there that I thought was way too there that I thought was way too. There that I thought was way too complicated in the context of this guy complicated in the context of this guy. Complicated in the context of this guy because for for me what I want the cap because for for me what I want the cap. Because for for me what I want the cap to be is actually to be is actually to be is actually. What are the consensus changes what are the consensus changes what are the consensus changes. Like I like the things that are really like I like the things that are really like I like the things that are really. Part of the protocol part of the protocol part of the protocol I don't in a way like I want to. I don't in a way like I want to I don't in a way like I want to to kind of set aside as much as possible. To kind of set aside as much as possible to kind of set aside as much as possible. Yeah like those type of more complicated yeah like those type of more complicated. Yeah like those type of more complicated changes that actually we can changes that actually we can. Changes that actually we can do later on and this doesn't require a do later on and this doesn't require a. Do later on and this doesn't require a cap cap cap no but I mean I just you know I want to. No but I mean I just you know I want to no but I mean I just you know I want to know like you know like for example i. Know like you know like for example I know like you know like for example I don't know if this is true but maybe. Don't know if this is true but maybe don't know if this is true but maybe what we want to do is we want to keep. What we want to do is we want to keep what we want to do is we want to keep track of sort of for each asset the. Track of sort of for each asset the track of sort of for each asset the fraction of failed you know path. Fraction of failed you know path fraction of failed you know path payments that involves that asset and. Payments that involves that asset and payments that involves that asset and you know and then for when it crosses a. You know and then for when it crosses a you know and then for when it crosses a certain threshold we want to like you. Certain threshold we want to like you certain threshold we want to like you know know. Know de-prioritize or raise the cost of de-prioritize or raise the cost of de-prioritize or raise the cost of. Transactions involving that asset or you transactions involving that asset or you. Transactions involving that asset or you know just I but now I'm just making that. Know just I but now I'm just making that know just I but now I'm just making that. Up right but like let's have an actual up right but like let's have an actual up right but like let's have an actual. Concrete thing of like places where this concrete thing of like places where this. Concrete thing of like places where this would be useful and how it would work in. Would be useful and how it would work in would be useful and how it would work in. Stellar core Stellar core Stellar core and once we have that I think it'd be and once we have that I think it'd be. And once we have that I think it'd be easier to say like well do we really easier to say like well do we really. Easier to say like well do we really need cap 42 or would it be simpler just need cap 42 or would it be simpler just. Need cap 42 or would it be simpler just like set the price for each transaction like set the price for each transaction. Like set the price for each transaction or to have like separate arrays that or to have like separate arrays that. Or to have like separate arrays that would then also facilitate the phase would then also facilitate the phase. Would then also facilitate the phase thing because it could be that the thing because it could be that the. Thing because it could be that the phases and the the fees for spam should phases and the the fees for spam should. Phases and the the fees for spam should be solved by two totally separate be solved by two totally separate. Be solved by two totally separate mechanisms or it could be that like we mechanisms or it could be that like we. Mechanisms or it could be that like we should have one mechanism and like cap should have one mechanism and like cap. Should have one mechanism and like cap 42 should basically like solve both 42 should basically like solve both. 42 should basically like solve both problems at once and I actually don't problems at once and I actually don't. Problems at once and I actually don't know know know right now with like so few use cases. Right now with like so few use cases right now with like so few use cases whether we should be doing this as like. Whether we should be doing this as like whether we should be doing this as like two separate mechanisms or a single one. The other thing I'm interested in here the other thing I'm interested in here is just like. Is just like is just like what's our goal what's our goal what's our goal like like. Like is our goal to have less of these is our goal to have less of these is our goal to have less of these. Transactions to have them pay more to transactions to have them pay more to transactions to have them pay more to. Have a better distribution of have a better distribution of have a better distribution of. Transactions what is the thing we're transactions what is the thing we're transactions what is the thing we're. Actually trying to achieve actually trying to achieve actually trying to achieve I feel like we'd have more ease. I feel like we'd have more ease I feel like we'd have more ease agreeing on the mechanism if we all. Agreeing on the mechanism if we all agreeing on the mechanism if we all agreed on the thing that we wanted to. Agreed on the thing that we wanted to agreed on the thing that we wanted to happen. Happen happen I don't think we all necessarily have I don't think we all necessarily have. I don't think we all necessarily have the same picture of what we want to the same picture of what we want to. The same picture of what we want to happen I don't even know if someone I'm happen I don't even know if someone I'm. Happen I don't even know if someone I'm not sure if I even have a picture of not sure if I even have a picture of. Not sure if I even have a picture of what I want to happen what I want to happen what I want to happen. I don't like what's the current I don't like what's the current I don't like what's the current. Situation situation situation but what is the good situation I but what is the good situation i. But what is the good situation I don't know and that's what I mean by the don't know and that's what I mean by the. Don't know and that's what I mean by the concrete thing like let's just say like concrete thing like let's just say like. Concrete thing like let's just say like here's what Stellar core could do here's here's what Stellar core could do here's. Here's what Stellar core could do here's a couple of scenarios in which the a couple of scenarios in which the. A couple of scenarios in which the network's not going to behave well and network's not going to behave well and. Network's not going to behave well and here's how it would be solved with this here's how it would be solved with this. Here's how it would be solved with this plus some cap 42 like thing plus some cap 42 like thing. Plus some cap 42 like thing and then we can and then we can and then we can even we want more examples like the like. Even we want more examples like the like even we want more examples like the like. The one right now in the cap is the the one right now in the cap is the the one right now in the cap is the. We can do we can do we can do groups based on groups based on groups based on. dex activity so you want more of that dex activity so you want more of that. dex activity so you want more of that yeah yeah yeah and I want but I also want to. And I want but I also want to and I want but I also want to maybe know like how this would be. Maybe know like how this would be maybe know like how this would be implemented in Stellar core like again. Implemented in Stellar core like again implemented in Stellar core like again like config file change to siebel's plus. Like config file change to siebel's plus like config file change to siebel's plus. Plug-in like you know because is it is plug-in like you know because is it is plug-in like you know because is it is. It realistic like how how often can we it realistic like how how often can we it realistic like how how often can we. Get people to like get people to like get people to like compile new versions of compile new versions of. Compile new versions of of we get a new version every month of we get a new version every month. Of we get a new version every month right so that's why I'm like right so that's why I'm like. Right so that's why I'm like do we need people to go and mess with do we need people to go and mess with. Do we need people to go and mess with that more often than that I don't know that more often than that I don't know. That more often than that I don't know in a in a in a super uncoordinated way I don't know I could do it very. I don't know I could do it very interesting interesting interesting do you know people actually do. do you know people actually do do you know people actually do upgrade every month or just for the new. Upgrade every month or just for the new upgrade every month or just for the new protocols. Protocols protocols I mean like every yeah at most it's I mean like every yeah at most it's. I mean like every yeah at most it's like people yeah like like people yeah like. Like people yeah like upgrade after like three months or upgrade after like three months or. Upgrade after like three months or something yeah so like if people are something yeah so like if people are. Something yeah so like if people are only upgrading like for the new version only upgrading like for the new version. Only upgrading like for the new version of the protocol then there's there's no of the protocol then there's there's no. Of the protocol then there's there's no benefit to removing this from the benefit to removing this from the. Benefit to removing this from the consensus layer or or or in order to consensus layer or or or in order to. Consensus layer or or or in order to remove it or there would be benefit only remove it or there would be benefit only. Remove it or there would be benefit only if it could be like done by if it could be like done by. If it could be like done by configuration file as opposed to like a configuration file as opposed to like a. Configuration file as opposed to like a recompilation right but if you're saying recompilation right but if you're saying. Recompilation right but if you're saying like with the protocol upgrades every like with the protocol upgrades every. Like with the protocol upgrades every six months and people upgrade every six months and people upgrade every. Six months and people upgrade every three months like okay then three months like okay then. Three months like okay then maybe there's some benefit maybe there's some benefit. maybe there's some benefit I mean like I mean like I mean like so validators do upgrade . So validators do upgrade so validators do upgrade like you keep their notes up to date I'm. Like you keep their notes up to date I'm like you keep their notes up to date I'm. I'm not talking in general yeah like I'm not talking in general yeah like I'm not talking in general yeah like. People people people the the bulk of people takes like two the the bulk of people takes like two. The the bulk of people takes like two to three months to upgrade to three months to upgrade. To three months to upgrade there's pretty big variation some people there's pretty big variation some people. There's pretty big variation some people upgrade insanely fast I mean the coin upgrade insanely fast I mean the coin. Upgrade insanely fast I mean the coin quest guys have occasionally updated quest guys have occasionally updated. Quest guys have occasionally updated before us I think before us I think before us I think . But not everybody is so but not everybody is so but not everybody is so . So excessively diligent so excessively diligent so excessively diligent yeah yeah. Yeah all right all right all right all right all right all right okay I think we're out of time for today. Okay I think we're out of time for today okay I think we're out of time for today. But I feel like there are some open but I feel like there are some open but I feel like there are some open. Questions and suggestions questions and suggestions questions and suggestions for things to sort of work on next. for things to sort of work on next for things to sort of work on next and I feel like ideally we start to. And I feel like ideally we start to and I feel like ideally we start to bring those to the mailing list and plan. Bring those to the mailing list and plan bring those to the mailing list and plan. To reconvene to reconvene to reconvene with some new thoughts hopefully with some new thoughts hopefully. With some new thoughts hopefully the next meeting in two weeks so good the next meeting in two weeks so good. The next meeting in two weeks so good all right awesome thanks everybody all right awesome thanks everybody. All right awesome thanks everybody see you soon thank you thanks for see you soon thank you thanks for. See you soon thank you thanks for watching out there.
