Hey everyone I think we can get hey everyone I think we can get started so started so. Started so this is the storybond design this is the storybond design this is the storybond design. Discussion in which we discuss protocol discussion in which we discuss protocol discussion in which we discuss protocol. Changes related to Soroban our topic changes related to Soroban our topic changes related to Soroban our topic. Today is State expression we're going today is State expression we're going. Today is State expression we're going to keep talking about to keep talking about. To keep talking about rent and temporary rent and temporary rent and temporary . Storage Ledger entries storage Ledger entries storage Ledger entries so Garen can you take it away. So Garen can you take it away so Garen can you take it away yeah so I think at the talent of the. yeah so I think at the talent of the yeah so I think at the talent of the last week's meeting we were discussing. Last week's meeting we were discussing last week's meeting we were discussing about what happens when entries are. About what happens when entries are about what happens when entries are delayed with outstanding run balance. Delayed with outstanding run balance delayed with outstanding run balance and we decided that it was probably. and we decided that it was probably and we decided that it was probably not a good idea to refund. Not a good idea to refund not a good idea to refund the outstanding balance and instead. the outstanding balance and instead the outstanding balance and instead just have the balance be burned the. Just have the balance be burned the just have the balance be burned the reason for this is that if you allow. Reason for this is that if you allow reason for this is that if you allow rent balance refund then you open up a. Rent balance refund then you open up a rent balance refund then you open up a lot of kind of a malicious attack. Lot of kind of a malicious attack lot of kind of a malicious attack vectors for instance. Vectors for instance vectors for instance because entries automatically have a. because entries automatically have a because entries automatically have a run bump whenever they're touched you. Run bump whenever they're touched you run bump whenever they're touched you can have a smart contract that has every. Can have a smart contract that has every can have a smart contract that has every. invocation of a function Touch One invocation of a function Touch One invocation of a function Touch One. Admin entry for instance and then this admin entry for instance and then this admin entry for instance and then this. Adminant tree especially for a popular adminant tree especially for a popular adminant tree especially for a popular. Contract could have lots of rent balance contract could have lots of rent balance. Contract could have lots of rent balance because it's touched another function because it's touched another function. Because it's touched another function call and then you could have an admin of call and then you could have an admin of. Call and then you could have an admin of this contract who maliciously deletes this contract who maliciously deletes. This contract who maliciously deletes and recreates that entry periodically in and recreates that entry periodically in. And recreates that entry periodically in order to essentially steal this rent order to essentially steal this rent. Order to essentially steal this rent balance from the collars of the function balance from the collars of the function. Balance from the collars of the function and also this would be difficult for and also this would be difficult for. And also this would be difficult for users to be able to detect or even users to be able to detect or even. Users to be able to detect or even see if the stack Vector exists because see if the stack Vector exists because. See if the stack Vector exists because for something like an admin entry it for something like an admin entry it. For something like an admin entry it would seem like a normal operation for would seem like a normal operation for. Would seem like a normal operation for and not another contract to either and not another contract to either. And not another contract to either create or modify that entry and so it'd create or modify that entry and so it'd. Create or modify that entry and so it'd be difficult to detect these sorts of be difficult to detect these sorts of. Be difficult to detect these sorts of attacks attacks attacks also refunding my balance doesn't really. Also refunding my balance doesn't really also refunding my balance doesn't really. Make sense because many different users make sense because many different users make sense because many different users. May pay for the rent balance only a May pay for the rent balance only a May pay for the rent balance only a. Single user benefits from the refund and single user benefits from the refund and. Single user benefits from the refund and so for these reasons it seems that the so for these reasons it seems that the. So for these reasons it seems that the best policy for whenever an entry is best policy for whenever an entry is. Best policy for whenever an entry is delayed without standing rent balance is delayed without standing rent balance is. Delayed without standing rent balance is just for this rent balance to be burned just for this rent balance to be burned. Just for this rent balance to be burned now even though we're burning on this now even though we're burning on this. Now even though we're burning on this outstanding Grant Balance we still want outstanding Grant Balance we still want. Outstanding Grant Balance we still want there to be an incentive to delete there to be an incentive to delete. There to be an incentive to delete entries before they're archived entries before they're archived. Entries before they're archived because even though we have the state because even though we have the state. because even though we have the state expiration to reduce the size of The expiration to reduce the size of The. Expiration to reduce the size of The Ledger when an effort a restorable entry Ledger when an effort a restorable entry. Ledger when an effort a restorable entry or like that's what we're calling Now. or like that's what we're calling Now or like that's what we're calling Now. Entries that are eligible for archival entries that are eligible for archival entries that are eligible for archival. So in non-temporary entry but whenever so in non-temporary entry but whenever so in non-temporary entry but whenever. These entries run out for end even these entries run out for end even these entries run out for end even. Though they're delayed from The Ledger though they're delayed from The Ledger though they're delayed from The Ledger. They still have to be stored perpetually they still have to be stored perpetually. They still have to be stored perpetually in the archive and so if you have an in the archive and so if you have an. In the archive and so if you have an entry that's no longer going to be used entry that's no longer going to be used. Entry that's no longer going to be used it's significantly more advantageous for it's significantly more advantageous for. It's significantly more advantageous for this entry to be deleted instead of this entry to be deleted instead of. This entry to be deleted instead of being sent to the archive because even being sent to the archive because even. Being sent to the archive because even though the archive is kind of like our though the archive is kind of like our. Though the archive is kind of like our deep storage and it's much slower and we deep storage and it's much slower and we. Deep storage and it's much slower and we have much more we're learning there for have much more we're learning there for. Have much more we're learning there for large amounts of state it would still be large amounts of state it would still be. Large amounts of state it would still be better just to have not have useless better just to have not have useless. Better just to have not have useless entries or entries that will never be entries or entries that will never be. Entries or entries that will never be used again taking space in The Ledger or used again taking space in The Ledger or. Used again taking space in The Ledger or the eye archive and so since we can't the eye archive and so since we can't. The eye archive and so since we can't incentivize this Behavior via a rent incentivize this Behavior via a rent. Incentivize this Behavior via a rent bounce refund we're thinking instead bounce refund we're thinking instead. Bounce refund we're thinking instead of adding a base fee called the archival of adding a base fee called the archival. Of adding a base fee called the archival fee and essentially what this would be fee and essentially what this would be. Fee and essentially what this would be is just some flat fee probably tied to is just some flat fee probably tied to. Is just some flat fee probably tied to the size of Ledger entry that you have the size of Ledger entry that you have. The size of Ledger entry that you have to pay in order to create the entry to pay in order to create the entry. To pay in order to create the entry initially and then if you delete the initially and then if you delete the. Initially and then if you delete the entry before it gets archived you entry before it gets archived you. Entry before it gets archived you receive this as a refund and so this receive this as a refund and so this. Receive this as a refund and so this allows you to have someone set up for allows you to have someone set up for. Allows you to have someone set up for deletion and then if you don't delete an deletion and then if you don't delete an. Deletion and then if you don't delete an entry and gets into the archive then entry and gets into the archive then. Entry and gets into the archive then this archival fee is burned and so this archival fee is burned and so. This archival fee is burned and so the thinking being that this gives users. The thinking being that this gives users the thinking being that this gives users. Incessive to delete entries before it incessive to delete entries before it incessive to delete entries before it. Gets into the archive but because it is gets into the archive but because it is gets into the archive but because it is. A fixed rate and is not something that a fixed rate and is not something that a fixed rate and is not something that. Can grow to large amounts like red can grow to large amounts like red can grow to large amounts like red. Balance it can't be gained nearly as balance it can't be gained nearly as balance it can't be gained nearly as. Much and one of the drawbacks is that much and one of the drawbacks is that much and one of the drawbacks is that. This does make you know the answers more this does make you know the answers more. This does make you know the answers more expensive and this also increases the expensive and this also increases the. Expensive and this also increases the size of the entry because we'll have to size of the entry because we'll have to. Size of the entry because we'll have to store the archival feed as a parameter store the archival feed as a parameter. Store the archival feed as a parameter so it increases the size of all entries so it increases the size of all entries. So it increases the size of all entries by about four bytes by about four bytes by about four bytes. but I think this provides a good but I think this provides a good but I think this provides a good. Incentive and can help us maintain the incentive and can help us maintain the incentive and can help us maintain the. Hygiene of the archive and so I guess hygiene of the archive and so I guess hygiene of the archive and so I guess. General thoughts on both the issue about General thoughts on both the issue about. General thoughts on both the issue about burning rent balance that's outstanding burning rent balance that's outstanding. Burning rent balance that's outstanding and also on this new archival basically so I think yeah I think on the red. So I think yeah I think on the red balance getting burnt I think balance getting burnt I think. Balance getting burnt I think we're pretty much in agreement unless we're pretty much in agreement unless. We're pretty much in agreement unless someone else has a different opinion someone else has a different opinion. Someone else has a different opinion there there there I am very much concerned about. I am very much concerned about I am very much concerned about introducing yet another type of V. Introducing yet another type of V introducing yet another type of V for for the purpose of motivating. for for the purpose of motivating for for the purpose of motivating people to delete their their entries. People to delete their their entries people to delete their their entries especially because we already have. Especially because we already have especially because we already have temporary storage which hopefully . Temporary storage which hopefully temporary storage which hopefully should take care of of like most of. Should take care of of like most of should take care of of like most of these cases like what is can you give us. These cases like what is can you give us these cases like what is can you give us. A use case for like when a a use case for like when a a use case for like when a. Non-temporary non-temporary non-temporary entry might get deleted and how often. entry might get deleted and how often entry might get deleted and how often. Do these happen yeah so just have to depend on usage yeah so just have to depend on usage. Patterns patterns patterns and so and so and so one thing with the temporary entries is. One thing with the temporary entries is one thing with the temporary entries is that their lifetime is fixed to a set. That their lifetime is fixed to a set that their lifetime is fixed to a set amount or to a very limited time frame. Amount or to a very limited time frame amount or to a very limited time frame and so this is built for security. And so this is built for security and so this is built for security reasons but also just for fee. Reasons but also just for fee reasons but also just for fee based reasons as well that temporary. Based reasons as well that temporary based reasons as well that temporary entries will have a maximum life . Entries will have a maximum life entries will have a maximum life something probably on the magnitude of. Something probably on the magnitude of something probably on the magnitude of like months so like three months or six. Like months so like three months or six like months so like three months or six months or something like that the exact. Months or something like that the exact months or something like that the exact value happened on the side yet. Value happened on the side yet value happened on the side yet so I think that there's a use case for. So I think that there's a use case for so I think that there's a use case for say you have something like a payment. Say you have something like a payment say you have something like a payment Channel. Channel Channel that doesn't need to be preserved that doesn't need to be preserved. that doesn't need to be preserved these don't want it to last longer than these don't want it to last longer than. These don't want it to last longer than the maximum life of the temporary the maximum life of the temporary. the maximum life of the temporary entry would be and so I think for entry would be and so I think for. Entry would be and so I think for Android types like that that aren't Android types like that that aren't. Android types like that that aren't super important from the security super important from the security. Super important from the security standpoint but have a variable length standpoint but have a variable length. Standpoint but have a variable length time or a variable length lifetime then time or a variable length lifetime then. Time or a variable length lifetime then there might be some advantageous here there might be some advantageous here. There might be some advantageous here for deletion I think the second issue for deletion I think the second issue. For deletion I think the second issue too is if we have this archival fee it too is if we have this archival fee it. Too is if we have this archival fee it provides more incentive to use temporary provides more incentive to use temporary. Provides more incentive to use temporary entries as well because right now the entries as well because right now the. Entries as well because right now the savings you get from a temporary entry savings you get from a temporary entry. Savings you get from a temporary entry are relatively minimal because there's are relatively minimal because there's. Are relatively minimal because there's still essentially how we calculate the still essentially how we calculate the. Still essentially how we calculate the temporary entry fee is that say if your temporary entry fee is that say if your. Temporary entry fee is that say if your temporary entry lasts 128 ledgers what temporary entry lasts 128 ledgers what. Temporary entry lasts 128 ledgers what you do is that we take a snapshot of the you do is that we take a snapshot of the. You do is that we take a snapshot of the current rent fee multiply that by 128 current rent fee multiply that by 128. Current rent fee multiply that by 128 and that's how much temporary entry and that's how much temporary entry. And that's how much temporary entry costs and so today a temporary entry and costs and so today a temporary entry and. Costs and so today a temporary entry and a restorable entry are very similar in a restorable entry are very similar in. A restorable entry are very similar in price and so I could see Network price and so I could see Network. Price and so I could see Network incentives being well like well they're incentives being well like well they're. Incentives being well like well they're essentially the same so just be on the essentially the same so just be on the. Essentially the same so just be on the safe side I'll use a restorable entry safe side I'll use a restorable entry. Safe side I'll use a restorable entry when a temporary entry really could do when a temporary entry really could do. When a temporary entry really could do so that's the second advantage to having so that's the second advantage to having. So that's the second advantage to having a space feed is that by adding this fee a space feed is that by adding this fee. A space feed is that by adding this fee to the restorable entry types to the restorable entry types. To the restorable entry types and not adding this fee to the and not adding this fee to the. and not adding this fee to the temporary entry types you also widen the temporary entry types you also widen the. Temporary entry types you also widen the gap between the cost of a temporary gap between the cost of a temporary. Gap between the cost of a temporary entry and a costly restorable entry to entry and a costly restorable entry to. Entry and a costly restorable entry to further incentivize more use of these further incentivize more use of these. Further incentivize more use of these temporary entries and lessen the temporary entries and lessen the. Temporary entries and lessen the restorable entry type have you considered any other options. Have you considered any other options for widening the the gap between for widening the the gap between. For widening the the gap between temporary entries and restorable temporary entries and restorable. temporary entries and restorable entries that doesn't include an entries that doesn't include an. Entries that doesn't include an archography archography archography oh so there's like a there's an. Oh so there's like a there's an oh so there's like a there's an implicit savings because the rent fee. Implicit savings because the rent fee implicit savings because the rent fee. Snapshot and because rent fees tied to snapshot and because rent fees tied to snapshot and because rent fees tied to. The bucket list size generally the bucket list size generally the bucket list size generally. Speaking at least for the access speaking at least for the access speaking at least for the access. Patterns you're seeing on starting patterns you're seeing on starting patterns you're seeing on starting. Classic now this might you know vary classic now this might you know vary classic now this might you know vary. Because we haven't seen soap on traffic because we haven't seen soap on traffic because we haven't seen soap on traffic. Yet in the real world yet in the real world yet in the real world but the bucket list grows relatively. but the bucket list grows relatively but the bucket list grows relatively linearly and so because temporary. Linearly and so because temporary linearly and so because temporary entries are locking into the fee and we. Entries are locking into the fee and we entries are locking into the fee and we expect the bikeless size and therefore. Expect the bikeless size and therefore expect the bikeless size and therefore the print fees to increase linearly you. The print fees to increase linearly you the print fees to increase linearly you are getting a cheaper rate because. Are getting a cheaper rate because are getting a cheaper rate because you're able to snapshot that being said. You're able to snapshot that being said you're able to snapshot that being said especially for short-lived entries . Especially for short-lived entries especially for short-lived entries the settings are pretty minimal because. The settings are pretty minimal because the settings are pretty minimal because the rent fee doesn't grow at a very. The rent fee doesn't grow at a very the rent fee doesn't grow at a very fast rate and so I think. Fast rate and so I think fast rate and so I think they're I'm trying to think if there are. They're I'm trying to think if there are they're I'm trying to think if there are. Any other implicit fee signs at the any other implicit fee signs at the any other implicit fee signs at the. Moment but I think if we want to moment but I think if we want to moment but I think if we want to. Incentivize temporary storage from a incentivize temporary storage from a incentivize temporary storage from a. Feed perspective we will have to add feed perspective we will have to add feed perspective we will have to add. Some additional costs to the to the some additional costs to the to the some additional costs to the to the. Restorable entry camera points restorable entry camera points restorable entry camera points. Counterparts now whether that be a counterparts now whether that be a counterparts now whether that be a. Refundable fee or other fee that's refundable fee or other fee that's refundable fee or other fee that's. Refunded on deletion or just a fee of refunded on deletion or just a fee of refunded on deletion or just a fee of. Creation that's immediately burned creation that's immediately burned creation that's immediately burned. I think either of those could work I think either of those could work I think either of those could work. But I think we do need to have some sort but I think we do need to have some sort. But I think we do need to have some sort of price discrepancy in addition to the of price discrepancy in addition to the. Of price discrepancy in addition to the implicit discrepancy in the rent fee implicit discrepancy in the rent fee. Implicit discrepancy in the rent fee snapshot alternatively if we think that we don't. Alternatively if we think that we don't need to incentivize these are temporary need to incentivize these are temporary. Need to incentivize these are temporary entries from a feed perspective and then entries from a feed perspective and then. Entries from a feed perspective and then just the utility they provide is good just the utility they provide is good. Just the utility they provide is good enough incentive on their own could also enough incentive on their own could also. Enough incentive on their own could also go back route go back route go back route. but that could but that could but that could cause more archivable and restorable. Cause more archivable and restorable cause more archivable and restorable entry types than we want floating. Entry types than we want floating entry types than we want floating around the network and make our archives. Around the network and make our archives around the network and make our archives. Larger than they really should be okay okay yeah the question is how much bigger yeah the question is how much bigger. Yeah the question is how much bigger will will they get because will will they get because. Will will they get because this idea of this idea of this idea of yeah like creating like this this. Yeah like creating like this this yeah like creating like this this you know middle you know basically. you know middle you know basically you know middle you know basically what you're saying you're like is is. What you're saying you're like is is what you're saying you're like is is that there's there's a whole. That there's there's a whole that there's there's a whole category of like Ledger entries that. category of like Ledger entries that category of like Ledger entries that are like between temporary and. Are like between temporary and are like between temporary and restorable that could theoretically like. Restorable that could theoretically like restorable that could theoretically like. Not be archived not be archived not be archived and we're going to introduce another fee. And we're going to introduce another fee and we're going to introduce another fee. Mechanism specifically for them mechanism specifically for them mechanism specifically for them. And and and but and we already have a fairly you but and we already have a fairly you. But and we already have a fairly you know across the board we have a know across the board we have a. Know across the board we have a non-trivial like fee you know various non-trivial like fee you know various. Non-trivial like fee you know various fee mechanisms so introducing another fee mechanisms so introducing another. Fee mechanisms so introducing another one is something that I'm I'm one is something that I'm I'm. One is something that I'm I'm not entirely comfortable with it yeah yeah yes any other potential. It yeah yeah yes any other potential saving is just saving is just saving is just . That the temporary entries never require that the temporary entries never require. That the temporary entries never require proofs for creation whereas some proofs for creation whereas some. Proofs for creation whereas some types of restore boundaries require types of restore boundaries require. Types of restore boundaries require briefs which is another difference briefs which is another difference . Briefs which is another difference that could be useful so for instance in that could be useful so for instance in. That could be useful so for instance in the using storage type requires a proof the using storage type requires a proof. The using storage type requires a proof of non-existence to create or temporary of non-existence to create or temporary. Of non-existence to create or temporary entries never require proof that being entries never require proof that being. Entries never require proof that being said the recreational storage type said the recreational storage type. Said the recreational storage type does not require such groups does not require such groups. Does not require such groups I think I think temporary entries are a I think I think temporary entries are a. I think I think temporary entries are a powerful primitive on their own powerful primitive on their own. Powerful primitive on their own and so I'm not sure how much we need to and so I'm not sure how much we need to. And so I'm not sure how much we need to incentivize their use from a fee incentivize their use from a fee. Incentivize their use from a fee perspective perspective perspective so I'm just curious as to people who. so I'm just curious as to people who so I'm just curious as to people who know like the the smart contract. Know like the the smart contract know like the the smart contract ecosystem better than me are like the. Ecosystem better than me are like the ecosystem better than me are like the temporary entry is strong enough on. Temporary entry is strong enough on temporary entry is strong enough on their own and do we not need this. Their own and do we not need this their own and do we not need this additional archival incentive. Additional archival incentive additional archival incentive foreign yeah so I think the you know the main. Yeah so I think the you know the main use case we're we're seeing for for use case we're we're seeing for for. Use case we're we're seeing for for temporary storage is oracles temporary storage is oracles . Temporary storage is oracles we've talked with some of like the major we've talked with some of like the major. We've talked with some of like the major Oracle providers who would love to see Oracle providers who would love to see. Oracle providers who would love to see this this this and so and so and so. I don't think even if there's I don't think even if there's I don't think even if there's . You know if even if there's you know if even if there's you know if even if there's. like even if with not a lot more fees like even if with not a lot more fees they can get archivable storage I don't. They can get archivable storage I don't they can get archivable storage I don't think they'll be interested in doing. Think they'll be interested in doing think they'll be interested in doing this because again their data is really. This because again their data is really this because again their data is really short-lived is relevant for a. Short-lived is relevant for a short-lived is relevant for a short-lived time. Short-lived time short-lived time the other thing is that if the other thing is that if. The other thing is that if like actually like actually like actually if if we add this archive or fee people. If if we add this archive or fee people if if we add this archive or fee people will actually need to reclaim it right. Will actually need to reclaim it right will actually need to reclaim it right so that's like we're basically adding an. So that's like we're basically adding an so that's like we're basically adding an. Operational burden on these entities to operational burden on these entities to operational burden on these entities to. Actually reclaim their fees through but I mean I I'm but this is through but I mean I I'm but this is. Sort of place temporary entries right so sort of place temporary entries right so. Sort of place temporary entries right so with the Oracle use case with the Oracle use case. With the Oracle use case still want you know temporary still want you know temporary. Still want you know temporary interest of course this doesn't replace interest of course this doesn't replace. Interest of course this doesn't replace that I guess the the question is that I guess the the question is. That I guess the the question is is there a good or is deleting a is there a good or is deleting a. Is there a good or is deleting a restorable entry happen often enough restorable entry happen often enough. Restorable entry happen often enough to to to have the complexity of an extra fee and. Have the complexity of an extra fee and have the complexity of an extra fee and to add the additional four byte. To add the additional four byte to add the additional four byte archival fee value right now I'm. archival fee value right now I'm archival fee value right now I'm hearing no but that's probably not a use. Hearing no but that's probably not a use hearing no but that's probably not a use. Case that will happen very often and I case that will happen very often and I case that will happen very often and I. Kind of like appropriate and thinking kind of like appropriate and thinking kind of like appropriate and thinking. About yeah I guess I guess my my opinion yeah I guess I guess my my opinion understand is is clear is there anyone. Understand is is clear is there anyone understand is is clear is there anyone else with. Else with else with thoughts in the matter what is the cost of letting this go to. What is the cost of letting this go to archives like getting like a having a archives like getting like a having a. Archives like getting like a having a archival entry like go to the archives archival entry like go to the archives. Archival entry like go to the archives and stuff instead of again deleted and stuff instead of again deleted. And stuff instead of again deleted also just the the thing about the also just the the thing about the. Also just the the thing about the archive is that it never shrinks so archive is that it never shrinks so. Archive is that it never shrinks so if an entry gets archived then you have if an entry gets archived then you have. If an entry gets archived then you have to store that in the archive versus if to store that in the archive versus if. To store that in the archive versus if the entry gets deleted then you don't the entry gets deleted then you don't. The entry gets deleted then you don't have to store it in addition even have to store it in addition even. Have to store it in addition even once an entry is restored from the once an entry is restored from the. once an entry is restored from the archive we still have to keep archive we still have to keep. Archive we still have to keep essentially a stub of its existence in essentially a stub of its existence in. Essentially a stub of its existence in the archive so what happens is that the archive so what happens is that. The archive so what happens is that whenever an entry is restored whenever an entry is restored. Whenever an entry is restored it's Leaf node that uses from The it's Leaf node that uses from The. it's Leaf node that uses from The Ledger entry as nulled out but the path Ledger entry as nulled out but the path. Ledger entry as nulled out but the path to the node still needs to be maintained to the node still needs to be maintained. To the node still needs to be maintained for all eternity and so I think just for all eternity and so I think just. For all eternity and so I think just given that the archive is pretty much given that the archive is pretty much. Given that the archive is pretty much append only append only append only it is designed such that you know. it is designed such that you know it is designed such that you know this is like a slow data structure. This is like a slow data structure this is like a slow data structure that's meant to be you know like the the. That's meant to be you know like the the that's meant to be you know like the the. Archive nodes are essentially just like archive nodes are essentially just like archive nodes are essentially just like. you know SSD base and they're meant you know SSD base and they're meant you know SSD base and they're meant. For storing large amounts of data and so for storing large amounts of data and so. For storing large amounts of data and so it's not nearly as sensitive as the it's not nearly as sensitive as the. It's not nearly as sensitive as the ledger size but it is something that we ledger size but it is something that we. Ledger size but it is something that we should probably keep in mind as that if should probably keep in mind as that if. Should probably keep in mind as that if we send something to the archive at we send something to the archive at. We send something to the archive at least some of that data even if it's least some of that data even if it's. Least some of that data even if it's restored later will have to live forever restored later will have to live forever. Restored later will have to live forever which is why if there's an entry that which is why if there's an entry that. Which is why if there's an entry that user will never use I would much rather user will never use I would much rather. User will never use I would much rather that interview deleted than having to that interview deleted than having to. That interview deleted than having to store it perpetually in an archive even store it perpetually in an archive even. Store it perpetually in an archive even though archives are kind of meant to though archives are kind of meant to. Though archives are kind of meant to store things perpetually store things perpetually. Store things perpetually based off of what you said like I would based off of what you said like I would. Based off of what you said like I would expect temporary like I think you expect temporary like I think you. Expect temporary like I think you mentioned that the fee difference mentioned that the fee difference. Mentioned that the fee difference between temporary storage and between temporary storage and. Between temporary storage and non-temporary storage it like is like non-temporary storage it like is like. Non-temporary storage it like is like negligible but I would expect it to be negligible but I would expect it to be. Negligible but I would expect it to be someone significant just based off what someone significant just based off what. Someone significant just based off what you said oh what do you mean like I mean like it. Oh what do you mean like I mean like it would make sense if we made temporary would make sense if we made temporary. Would make sense if we made temporary storage cheaper to incent to not storage cheaper to incent to not. Storage cheaper to incent to not incentivize what you're describing worry incentivize what you're describing worry. Incentivize what you're describing worry just like using just like using just like using . Recreatable storage recreatable storage recreatable storage well that's actually another thing we. Well that's actually another thing we well that's actually another thing we could do is instead of adding an. Could do is instead of adding an could do is instead of adding an additional fee to archival storage what. Additional fee to archival storage what additional fee to archival storage what we could say is right now. We could say is right now we could say is right now temporary storage is just the feed. temporary storage is just the feed temporary storage is just the feed calculation it's just a number of. Calculation it's just a number of calculation it's just a number of letters to live times current rent fee. Letters to live times current rent fee letters to live times current rent fee what we could do is just say like. What we could do is just say like what we could do is just say like numbers of ledgers to the times current. Numbers of ledgers to the times current numbers of ledgers to the times current rent fee times like 0.8 or some like . Rent fee times like 0.8 or some like rent fee times like 0.8 or some like temp fee. Temp fee temp fee you know multiplier such that the you know multiplier such that the. you know multiplier such that the temporary entries are still based on the temporary entries are still based on the. Temporary entries are still based on the current size of the bucket list current size of the bucket list. Current size of the bucket list and so they can still increase or and so they can still increase or. and so they can still increase or decrease in price as the Ledger state decrease in price as the Ledger state. Decrease in price as the Ledger state grows or shrinks but they're strictly grows or shrinks but they're strictly. Grows or shrinks but they're strictly cheaper than archive entries cheaper than archive entries. Cheaper than archive entries by a significant margin and that also by a significant margin and that also. by a significant margin and that also kind of simplifies the fee story because. Kind of simplifies the fee story because kind of simplifies the fee story because. We're not adding an additional fee type we're not adding an additional fee type we're not adding an additional fee type. Because we already have separate fees because we already have separate fees because we already have separate fees. For temporary entries and so this would for temporary entries and so this would for temporary entries and so this would. Just make them always smaller just make them always smaller just make them always smaller. that would actually probably be a that would actually probably be a that would actually probably be a. Much simpler better idea than I think much simpler better idea than I think much simpler better idea than I think. Having this refundable archival fee having this refundable archival fee having this refundable archival fee. Thing thing thing yeah I guess this doesn't incentivize yeah I guess this doesn't incentivize. Yeah I guess this doesn't incentivize the actual deletion of those of those the actual deletion of those of those. The actual deletion of those of those entries but I think you've seen less of entries but I think you've seen less of. Entries but I think you've seen less of them yeah I think if temporary them yeah I think if temporary. Them yeah I think if temporary entries are significantly cheaper or at entries are significantly cheaper or at. Entries are significantly cheaper or at least substantially cheaper then we least substantially cheaper then we. Least substantially cheaper then we didn't don't really need to incentivize didn't don't really need to incentivize. Didn't don't really need to incentivize deletion because if you're thinking deletion because if you're thinking. Deletion because if you're thinking about like what what the use case for about like what what the use case for. About like what what the use case for restorable restorable restorable entries are especially for like the. entries are especially for like the entries are especially for like the recreatable type is pretty much just. Recreatable type is pretty much just recreatable type is pretty much just balances and I mean the I think the. Balances and I mean the I think the balances and I mean the I think the amount of balance deletions is probably. Amount of balance deletions is probably amount of balance deletions is probably pretty small and so I don't think it's. Pretty small and so I don't think it's pretty small and so I don't think it's probably a huge case of special case for. Probably a huge case of special case for probably a huge case of special case for. It yeah I completely agree I think if we if yeah I completely agree I think if we if. We figure out a way to Discount the we figure out a way to Discount the we figure out a way to Discount the. Temporary temporary temporary entries the way that you described entries the way that you described . entries the way that you described that will go a long way towards making that will go a long way towards making. That will go a long way towards making people use them people use them people use them. And in terms of you know the previous and in terms of you know the previous. And in terms of you know the previous point on saving space for archivers point on saving space for archivers. Point on saving space for archivers I hear you the question there is like I hear you the question there is like. I hear you the question there is like you know like how much like makes it you know like how much like makes it. You know like how much like makes it worth it like if we saved them you know worth it like if we saved them you know. Worth it like if we saved them you know ten percent of space like does does that ten percent of space like does does that. Ten percent of space like does does that worth is that worth the added worth is that worth the added. Worth is that worth the added complexity like obviously if we can if complexity like obviously if we can if. Complexity like obviously if we can if we can save archivers we can save archivers. We can save archivers you know an order of magnitude's base you know an order of magnitude's base. you know an order of magnitude's base or a goose in order of magnitude the the. Or a goose in order of magnitude the the or a goose in order of magnitude the the. Amount of space required then that is amount of space required then that is amount of space required then that is. Like a huge win but I don't think we'll like a huge win but I don't think we'll like a huge win but I don't think we'll. Get there I think there's like a pretty get there I think there's like a pretty get there I think there's like a pretty. Narrow use case for these deletable narrow use case for these deletable narrow use case for these deletable. Restorable entries so definitely my restorable entries so definitely my restorable entries so definitely my. Vote is for like the discount vote is for like the discount vote is for like the discount. Approach for temporary storage approach for temporary storage approach for temporary storage. Yeah I think I blame the discount yeah I think I blame the discount yeah I think I blame the discount. Approach too I think also just like on approach too I think also just like on approach too I think also just like on. The our order of priorities we should the our order of priorities we should. The our order of priorities we should prioritize kitten won't let your small prioritize kitten won't let your small. Prioritize kitten won't let your small and not prioritize keeping the and not prioritize keeping the. and not prioritize keeping the archive small that much especially if archive small that much especially if. Archive small that much especially if it's like I think like a 10 decrease it's like I think like a 10 decrease. It's like I think like a 10 decrease wouldn't be that big of a deal so I wouldn't be that big of a deal so I. Wouldn't be that big of a deal so I think I'm also leaning towards the think I'm also leaning towards the . Think I'm also leaning towards the the discount temporary entries the discount temporary entries. The discount temporary entries approach as well approach as well approach as well. are there any last thoughts before I are there any last thoughts before I are there any last thoughts before I. Move on I guess the conclusion was move on I guess the conclusion was move on I guess the conclusion was. Discount temporary entries and have no discount temporary entries and have no discount temporary entries and have no. Refunds for archival storage I'm thinking of is that if we go that I'm thinking of is that if we go that. Route right where we we basically say route right where we we basically say route right where we we basically say. Hey the hey the hey the archives are kind of a dunking ground of archives are kind of a dunking ground of. Archives are kind of a dunking ground of like like like all abundant major entries. All abundant major entries all abundant major entries I think what we have to. I think what we have to I think what we have to maybe like take into account is I. Maybe like take into account is I maybe like take into account is I think it's probably okay like I mean. Think it's probably okay like I mean think it's probably okay like I mean imagine that those nodes that are going. Imagine that those nodes that are going imagine that those nodes that are going to be used as a. To be used as a to be used as a to to back up those high value Legend to to back up those high value Legend. To to back up those high value Legend trees yeah the problem will end up doing. Trees yeah the problem will end up doing trees yeah the problem will end up doing. Some level of filtering like they only some level of filtering like they only some level of filtering like they only. For example for example for example people on the keep our own Villages for. People on the keep our own Villages for people on the keep our own Villages for things that look like balances for. Things that look like balances for things that look like balances for example or that are related to balances. Example or that are related to balances example or that are related to balances as opposed to like random stuff. But I think even in that situation but I think even in that situation I think they have to keep the full. I think they have to keep the full I think they have to keep the full training around. Training around training around right or hashes yeah right or hashes yeah right or hashes yeah. So when how often does do we reset the so when how often does do we reset the so when how often does do we reset the. Tree is it like on a pair restart the the tree restart the the tree it's currently your epochs. it's currently your epochs it's currently your epochs it's every year it's every year. It's every year so then the Assumption will be that you so then the Assumption will be that you. So then the Assumption will be that you know in a year know in a year know in a year. We don't have too much of this craft we don't have too much of this craft we don't have too much of this craft. Accumulating accumulating accumulating which might be okay which might be okay which might be okay. I mean that's kind of kind of like the I mean that's kind of kind of like the I mean that's kind of kind of like the. Yeah like the I think for yeah for for those entries I think for yeah for for those entries. That are not that are not that are not like you know you were talking about like you know you were talking about. like you know you were talking about it as a discount to get to the it as a discount to get to the . It as a discount to get to the for the pricing of for the pricing of for the pricing of . Of of of like you know attempts I think it's the like you know attempts I think it's the. Like you know attempts I think it's the other way around it's more like you you other way around it's more like you you. Other way around it's more like you you add actually add actually add actually so there's probably like a constant . So there's probably like a constant so there's probably like a constant term and then a additional you. Term and then a additional you term and then a additional you know rate on top of the the price to to. Know rate on top of the the price to to know rate on top of the the price to to get to the . Get to the get to the restorable entry fee like the very first restorable entry fee like the very first. Restorable entry fee like the very first time you created and I think there's time you created and I think there's. Time you created and I think there's probably a constant Factor probably a constant Factor. Probably a constant Factor    I did want to bring Ian from . I did want to bring Ian from I did want to bring Ian from from the crowd to speak because he. From the crowd to speak because he from the crowd to speak because he has some interesting perspective and. Has some interesting perspective and has some interesting perspective and is very passionate about it. Sorry I was so passionate I've I've sorry I was so passionate I've I've written papers on this topic for. Written papers on this topic for written papers on this topic for other blockchains as a paid service. Other blockchains as a paid service other blockchains as a paid service so I've done a wide breadth of study. So I've done a wide breadth of study so I've done a wide breadth of study as well as deep diving into different. As well as deep diving into different as well as deep diving into different trade-offs that were done and this. Trade-offs that were done and this trade-offs that were done and this influenced their design decisions. Influenced their design decisions influenced their design decisions but they're slow to move and slow to. but they're slow to move and slow to but they're slow to move and slow to change. Change change so there's a couple different concepts so there's a couple different concepts. So there's a couple different concepts here the first one I want to cover is here the first one I want to cover is. Here the first one I want to cover is dust and that's the idea that the value dust and that's the idea that the value. Dust and that's the idea that the value of a record maybe less than the cost of of a record maybe less than the cost of. Of a record maybe less than the cost of maintaining it maintaining it maintaining it. And those records should probably be and those records should probably be and those records should probably be. Cleaned up automatically but it's a cleaned up automatically but it's a cleaned up automatically but it's a. Problem on ethereum because you can problem on ethereum because you can problem on ethereum because you can. Never quite spend out a whole wallet you never quite spend out a whole wallet you. Never quite spend out a whole wallet you always have a little bit left over and always have a little bit left over and. Always have a little bit left over and so that little bit left over is referred so that little bit left over is referred. So that little bit left over is referred to as just but that's only one example to as just but that's only one example. To as just but that's only one example of dust there's many of them of dust there's many of them. Of dust there's many of them the second kind of approach here is the second kind of approach here is. the second kind of approach here is that there's a huge ecosystem that's that there's a huge ecosystem that's. That there's a huge ecosystem that's growing around smart contracts growing around smart contracts. Growing around smart contracts and each of those ecosystem and each of those ecosystem. And each of those ecosystem players has different data needs and players has different data needs and. Players has different data needs and there's no one solution that fits there's no one solution that fits. There's no one solution that fits everybody everybody everybody and even you know other monolithic. and even you know other monolithic and even you know other monolithic. Chains are are dealing with storage chains are are dealing with storage chains are are dealing with storage. Problems and then any modular chain problems and then any modular chain problems and then any modular chain . Has an extreme storage problem has an extreme storage problem has an extreme storage problem. And the storage problem needs to be and the storage problem needs to be and the storage problem needs to be. Addressed in a way that you don't have addressed in a way that you don't have addressed in a way that you don't have. Nodes needing to install like four nodes needing to install like four nodes needing to install like four. Different protocols four different different protocols four different different protocols four different. Systems in order to access the data systems in order to access the data systems in order to access the data. That's being referenced that's being referenced that's being referenced sometimes it might be. Sometimes it might be sometimes it might be 10 or 15 different storage protocols in. 10 or 15 different storage protocols in 10 or 15 different storage protocols in order just to access what was in a hash. Order just to access what was in a hash order just to access what was in a hash what was in a roll-up what was intended. What was in a roll-up what was intended what was in a roll-up what was intended by the data that was submitted to the. By the data that was submitted to the by the data that was submitted to the blockchain. Blockchain blockchain for one second in in the context of the for one second in in the context of the. For one second in in the context of the current state expiration proposal by current state expiration proposal by. Current state expiration proposal by Garand like what are you trying to say Garand like what are you trying to say. Garand like what are you trying to say hmm hmm hmm so you need to have different tiers of. So you need to have different tiers of so you need to have different tiers of pricing a rent model is insufficient and. Pricing a rent model is insufficient and pricing a rent model is insufficient and. And so is a couple other you know like and so is a couple other you know like and so is a couple other you know like. sort of well we see this problem now sort of well we see this problem now sort of well we see this problem now. What are we going to do there's not one what are we going to do there's not one what are we going to do there's not one. Solution that fits it it's really solution that fits it it's really solution that fits it it's really. Important to give a lot of flexibility important to give a lot of flexibility important to give a lot of flexibility. To the people that are deploying on the to the people that are deploying on the to the people that are deploying on the. On the network and give them as many on the network and give them as many on the network and give them as many. Options with pricing up front and they options with pricing up front and they options with pricing up front and they. Will simply do whatever is most will simply do whatever is most will simply do whatever is most. Efficient in order to save money up efficient in order to save money up efficient in order to save money up. Front if you try to to add an incentive front if you try to to add an incentive front if you try to to add an incentive. Like later on like later on like later on there's a few problems one is that there's a few problems one is that. there's a few problems one is that your adoption is going to be very low your adoption is going to be very low. Your adoption is going to be very low and the second is that you're going to and the second is that you're going to. And the second is that you're going to you're not going to have you're not going to have. you're not going to have what they're necessarily looking for what they're necessarily looking for. what they're necessarily looking for if they can just pay again to extend the if they can just pay again to extend the. If they can just pay again to extend the lifetime of that storage lifetime of that storage. Lifetime of that storage then that's that's the best of both then that's that's the best of both. Then that's that's the best of both worlds worlds worlds ideally there'll be an external. ideally there'll be an external ideally there'll be an external storage for large amounts of data for. Storage for large amounts of data for storage for large amounts of data for example blob data. Example blob data example blob data should be not stored necessarily on should be not stored necessarily on. Should be not stored necessarily on chain but on a separate layer chain but on a separate layer. Chain but on a separate layer and you can incentivize the creation and you can incentivize the creation. and you can incentivize the creation of those systems by limiting the amount of those systems by limiting the amount. Of those systems by limiting the amount of on-chain storage of on-chain storage of on-chain storage. But allowing pointers to exist but allowing pointers to exist but allowing pointers to exist. So your your best long-term solution so your your best long-term solution so your your best long-term solution. When people start doing crazy things when people start doing crazy things when people start doing crazy things. With blockchain which they're starting with blockchain which they're starting with blockchain which they're starting. To but they're struggling to because the to but they're struggling to because the. To but they're struggling to because the storage costs are so high is that you're. Storage costs are so high is that you're storage costs are so high is that you're. Going to start seeing a lot of going to start seeing a lot of going to start seeing a lot of. you know flexibility wins the day and you know flexibility wins the day and. you know flexibility wins the day and so if you have pricing tiers automatic so if you have pricing tiers automatic. So if you have pricing tiers automatic expiration expiration expiration optional renewal and you're charging by. Optional renewal and you're charging by optional renewal and you're charging by the byte by the by the day or in some. The byte by the by the day or in some the byte by the by the day or in some cases by the minute then you're able to. Cases by the minute then you're able to cases by the minute then you're able to meet most of those use cases. Meet most of those use cases meet most of those use cases there are go ahead please I believe. there are go ahead please I believe there are go ahead please I believe this is what we're pretty much doing. This is what we're pretty much doing this is what we're pretty much doing I could be mistaken but if I'm. I could be mistaken but if I'm I could be mistaken but if I'm understanding your proposal correlates. Understanding your proposal correlates understanding your proposal correlates that you have different tiers that. That you have different tiers that that you have different tiers that automatically expire but the option to. Automatically expire but the option to automatically expire but the option to renew I believe that's what we're doing. Renew I believe that's what we're doing renew I believe that's what we're doing with the temporary entries the temporary. With the temporary entries the temporary with the temporary entries the temporary. Entries being automatically deleting and entries being automatically deleting and. Entries being automatically deleting and being the cheapest whereas the being the cheapest whereas the. Being the cheapest whereas the restorable entry types must be restorable entry types must be. Restorable entry types must be periodically renewed so to speak periodically renewed so to speak. Periodically renewed so to speak I it is are you proposing something I it is are you proposing something. I it is are you proposing something that's different than this that's different than this. That's different than this well I heard different proposals and I well I heard different proposals and I. Well I heard different proposals and I think that I embrace what you're saying think that I embrace what you're saying. Think that I embrace what you're saying in terms of in terms of in terms of tier proposals I would just suggest. tier proposals I would just suggest tier proposals I would just suggest number one that there's a a large number. Number one that there's a a large number number one that there's a a large number. Of tears at least four and number two of tears at least four and number two of tears at least four and number two. Some of the data will be archived some of the data will be archived some of the data will be archived. With no ability to recall or if you with no ability to recall or if you with no ability to recall or if you . Excluded from archive with no ability excluded from archive with no ability excluded from archive with no ability. Recall some can be removed and not recall some can be removed and not recall some can be removed and not. Archived but pay an oracle to recall it archived but pay an oracle to recall it archived but pay an oracle to recall it. And some can be and some can be and some can be you know permanently archived you know permanently archived. you know permanently archived now I'm confused by you say remove now I'm confused by you say remove. Now I'm confused by you say remove you can pay an article two you can pay an article two. You can pay an article two call it what do you mean by that call it what do you mean by that. Call it what do you mean by that I believe that's how our accountable I believe that's how our accountable. I believe that's how our accountable system is essentially R5 the archive system is essentially R5 the archive. System is essentially R5 the archive is off chain is off chain is off chain and then you pay to restore something. and then you pay to restore something and then you pay to restore something. From the archive so link to our archive from the archive so link to our archive from the archive so link to our archive. Proposal proposal proposal is essentially the Oracle system is essentially the Oracle system. is essentially the Oracle system you're talking about so if it's an optional flag they can pay. So if it's an optional flag they can pay for it if they think they need it but for it if they think they need it but. For it if they think they need it but your archive is still smaller the reason your archive is still smaller the reason. Your archive is still smaller the reason that you might want to do that is that that you might want to do that is that. That you might want to do that is that some people specialize in storage and some people specialize in storage and. Some people specialize in storage and they want to earn a fee for specializing they want to earn a fee for specializing. They want to earn a fee for specializing in storage and by specializing I mean in storage and by specializing I mean. In storage and by specializing I mean over 20 terabytes probably around you over 20 terabytes probably around you. Over 20 terabytes probably around you know a petabyte or so okay so I think Ian if you can maybe. Okay so I think Ian if you can maybe refer back well we can drop a link refer back well we can drop a link. refer back well we can drop a link here to the to the actual proposal here to the to the actual proposal. Here to the to the actual proposal and we'd love to hear feedback about and we'd love to hear feedback about. And we'd love to hear feedback about specifically I think that the type of specifically I think that the type of. Specifically I think that the type of issues that you are or the type of issues that you are or the type of. Issues that you are or the type of solutions you're talking about are solutions you're talking about are. Solutions you're talking about are actually embedded there but we'd love actually embedded there but we'd love. Actually embedded there but we'd love to hear if you think that's not the case. To hear if you think that's not the case to hear if you think that's not the case. we're talking to details now but I we're talking to details now but I believe the archival system is pretty. Believe the archival system is pretty believe the archival system is pretty similar to what you propose actually but. Similar to what you propose actually but similar to what you propose actually but. You can definitely add some comments in you can definitely add some comments in you can definitely add some comments in. The docs the docs the docs so I guess so I guess so I guess are you ready to move on to Temporary. are you ready to move on to Temporary are you ready to move on to Temporary. Entry issues entry issues entry issues okay okay okay so I guess and the second thing. so I guess and the second thing so I guess and the second thing and this is somewhat relevant to the. and this is somewhat relevant to the and this is somewhat relevant to the previous conversation is temporary. Previous conversation is temporary previous conversation is temporary entries so our current interface. Entries so our current interface entries so our current interface and I guess . and I guess and I guess we've concluded that we've concluded that we've concluded that. the temporary entries are the temporary entries are the temporary entries are. Substantially cheaper than the substantially cheaper than the substantially cheaper than the. Restorable entry types if I have some restorable entry types if I have some restorable entry types if I have some. Multiply or something like that multiply or something like that multiply or something like that. if we have the temporary entries if we have the temporary entries if we have the temporary entries. Currently the interface is you define a currently the interface is you define a currently the interface is you define a. Key to find Value and Define a TTL key to find Value and Define a TTL key to find Value and Define a TTL. Measured in ledgers such that measured in ledgers such that measured in ledgers such that. our time to live such that the entry our time to live such that the entry our time to live such that the entry. Is guaranteed to be deleted on the exact is guaranteed to be deleted on the exact. Is guaranteed to be deleted on the exact Ledger that you specify now Ledger that you specify now. Ledger that you specify now systematically under the hood the entry systematically under the hood the entry. Systematically under the hood the entry is not actually removed on that ledger is not actually removed on that ledger. Is not actually removed on that ledger it persists in the bucket list for that it persists in the bucket list for that. It persists in the bucket list for that sometime but it is inaccessible sometime but it is inaccessible. Sometime but it is inaccessible now one of the open questions we have is now one of the open questions we have is. Now one of the open questions we have is whether or not we should allow users to whether or not we should allow users to. Whether or not we should allow users to increase the TTL arbitrarily and in the increase the TTL arbitrarily and in the. Increase the TTL arbitrarily and in the current proposal we do not allow this current proposal we do not allow this. Current proposal we do not allow this there are two reasons there's a there are two reasons there's a. there are two reasons there's a security reason and a gamification security reason and a gamification. Security reason and a gamification reason so first for the security reason reason so first for the security reason. Reason so first for the security reason we suspect that there is a strong use we suspect that there is a strong use. We suspect that there is a strong use case case case for temporary entries for temporary entries. for temporary entries when it comes to things like allowances when it comes to things like allowances. When it comes to things like allowances or kyc where if you specify an allowance or kyc where if you specify an allowance. Or kyc where if you specify an allowance that should only last 10 ledgers that should only last 10 ledgers. That should only last 10 ledgers mentioned the last exactly 10 ledgers mentioned the last exactly 10 ledgers. Mentioned the last exactly 10 ledgers and by allowing contracts to Define and by allowing contracts to Define. And by allowing contracts to Define behavior that increases TTL you can have behavior that increases TTL you can have. Behavior that increases TTL you can have foot guns where a buggy implementation foot guns where a buggy implementation. Foot guns where a buggy implementation might have some security a temporary might have some security a temporary. Might have some security a temporary authorization that should only last a authorization that should only last a. Authorization that should only last a short amount of time but by allowing short amount of time but by allowing. Short amount of time but by allowing life extension Primitives you are life extension Primitives you are. Life extension Primitives you are potentially allowing bugs for security potentially allowing bugs for security. Potentially allowing bugs for security purposes that's issue number one issue purposes that's issue number one issue. Purposes that's issue number one issue number two is out of gamification number two is out of gamification. Number two is out of gamification and so the whole issue with temporary and so the whole issue with temporary. And so the whole issue with temporary entries is that we want them to be entries is that we want them to be. Entries is that we want them to be cheaper but we don't want them to be a cheaper but we don't want them to be a. Cheaper but we don't want them to be a way to game the rent system and what I way to game the rent system and what I. Way to game the rent system and what I mean by that is if continually mean by that is if continually. Mean by that is if continually extending the TTL of a temporary extending the TTL of a temporary. extending the TTL of a temporary entry is cheaper than just paying entry is cheaper than just paying. Entry is cheaper than just paying rent that kind of excuse Network rent that kind of excuse Network. Rent that kind of excuse Network Dynamics Dynamics Dynamics now I'm not exactly sure actually this. Now I'm not exactly sure actually this now I'm not exactly sure actually this is something we should avoid because. Is something we should avoid because is something we should avoid because temporary entries are self-deletion. Temporary entries are self-deletion temporary entries are self-deletion deleting so maybe we should allow users. Deleting so maybe we should allow users deleting so maybe we should allow users to just continually extend the life and. To just continually extend the life and to just continually extend the life and essentially have cheaper rent than if. Essentially have cheaper rent than if essentially have cheaper rent than if they would create a restorable entry and. They would create a restorable entry and they would create a restorable entry and. Just pay rent balances on those ledgers just pay rent balances on those ledgers just pay rent balances on those ledgers. So perhaps this is something we want to so perhaps this is something we want to so perhaps this is something we want to. Allow but at least for now it seems that allow but at least for now it seems that. Allow but at least for now it seems that that's a a somewhat unfair usage for the. That's a a somewhat unfair usage for the that's a a somewhat unfair usage for the. Temporary entries and we wouldn't want temporary entries and we wouldn't want temporary entries and we wouldn't want. Temporary entries to be used and to be temporary entries to be used and to be temporary entries to be used and to be. Able to continually extend their TTL able to continually extend their TTL able to continually extend their TTL. Such that they can drastically or pay such that they can drastically or pay such that they can drastically or pay. Significantly reduce the amount of rent significantly reduce the amount of rent significantly reduce the amount of rent. And so their print system we do not and so their print system we do not and so their print system we do not. Allow modification of the TTL now there allow modification of the TTL now there allow modification of the TTL now there. Is an implicit way to extend the life of is an implicit way to extend the life of. Is an implicit way to extend the life of an entry what you can always do is load an entry what you can always do is load. An entry what you can always do is load the entry the entry the entry delete it and then recreate the entry. delete it and then recreate the entry delete it and then recreate the entry. With the exact same value that's still with the exact same value that's still with the exact same value that's still. Allowed and so you can essentially buy allowed and so you can essentially buy allowed and so you can essentially buy. This delete rewrite pattern this delete rewrite pattern this delete rewrite pattern. specialized special case and extend specialized special case and extend specialized special case and extend. The entry with the same key value if you the entry with the same key value if you. The entry with the same key value if you really want to but we provide no way to really want to but we provide no way to. Really want to but we provide no way to essentially keep the same entry books in essentially keep the same entry books in. Essentially keep the same entry books in the TTL the TTL the TTL and so I'm wondering if there are any. And so I'm wondering if there are any and so I'm wondering if there are any additional thoughts on this should we. Additional thoughts on this should we additional thoughts on this should we allow arbitrary detail extension should. Allow arbitrary detail extension should allow arbitrary detail extension should we not. We not we not this is a slight side point maybe and this is a slight side point maybe and. This is a slight side point maybe and kind of a question it seems like the kind of a question it seems like the. Kind of a question it seems like the difference between restorable entries difference between restorable entries. Difference between restorable entries and tempor entries and tempor entries and tempor entries. Is temporary entries you have to is temporary entries you have to is temporary entries you have to. Well this is your question I guess is well this is your question I guess is well this is your question I guess is. Should we allow rent bumps or do you is should we allow rent bumps or do you is should we allow rent bumps or do you is. It prepay only for temporary entries but it prepay only for temporary entries but. It prepay only for temporary entries but it seems like the only real difference it seems like the only real difference. It seems like the only real difference is restorable ones go to the archive and is restorable ones go to the archive and. Is restorable ones go to the archive and temporary ones do not go to the archive temporary ones do not go to the archive. Temporary ones do not go to the archive is that roughly true or not quite is that roughly true or not quite. Is that roughly true or not quite yeah correct there's a couple of yeah correct there's a couple of. Yeah correct there's a couple of other differences like so right now other differences like so right now. Other differences like so right now like temporary entries are prepaid up like temporary entries are prepaid up. Like temporary entries are prepaid up front and so you get a better rate front and so you get a better rate. Front and so you get a better rate because you're paying essentially like because you're paying essentially like. Because you're paying essentially like for months like you're paying for a for months like you're paying for a. For months like you're paying for a large amount of ledgers instead of large amount of ledgers instead of. Large amount of ledgers instead of one-offs one-offs one-offs I guess I'm saying could we just have. I guess I'm saying could we just have I guess I'm saying could we just have one type of thing that there's basically. One type of thing that there's basically one type of thing that there's basically. Two different things there's how much two different things there's how much two different things there's how much. Renta has which is how long it stays on Renta has which is how long it stays on Renta has which is how long it stays on. Chain chain chain and then whether or not you've paid for and then whether or not you've paid for. And then whether or not you've paid for it to go to the archive after that point it to go to the archive after that point. It to go to the archive after that point or not right and if you pay more rent up. Or not right and if you pay more rent up or not right and if you pay more rent up. Front for either of them you get a front for either of them you get a front for either of them you get a. Discount discount discount and then this whole and then this whole and then this whole . Cheaper way to use it goes away cheaper way to use it goes away cheaper way to use it goes away. So I think we shouldn't Define a so I think we shouldn't Define a so I think we shouldn't Define a. Difference and that's because the the difference and that's because the the. Difference and that's because the the primary difference and I should have primary difference and I should have. Primary difference and I should have mentioned this is that temporary entries mentioned this is that temporary entries. Mentioned this is that temporary entries I have strict lifetimes whereas Right I have strict lifetimes whereas Right. I have strict lifetimes whereas Right Now restorable entries do not have Now restorable entries do not have. Now restorable entries do not have strict lifetimes and so just the way strict lifetimes and so just the way. Strict lifetimes and so just the way that the buck list Works that the buck list Works. That the buck list Works we have a variable per larger red fee we have a variable per larger red fee. we have a variable per larger red fee and because it's you know variable we and because it's you know variable we. And because it's you know variable we don't know what the Run fee of a given don't know what the Run fee of a given. Don't know what the Run fee of a given Ledger will be until that ledger occurs Ledger will be until that ledger occurs. Ledger will be until that ledger occurs which means in order for the database to which means in order for the database to. Which means in order for the database to be up to date on the live rent values of. Be up to date on the live rent values of be up to date on the live rent values of. Every entry we have to iterate through every entry we have to iterate through every entry we have to iterate through. The entire Ledger and decrement the rent the entire Ledger and decrement the rent. The entire Ledger and decrement the rent balance of every single entry which is balance of every single entry which is. Balance of every single entry which is impossible from an efficiency standpoint impossible from an efficiency standpoint. Impossible from an efficiency standpoint and so because of this we charge really and so because of this we charge really. And so because of this we charge really much retroactively which means that for much retroactively which means that for. Much retroactively which means that for restorable entries they live and are restorable entries they live and are. Restorable entries they live and are accessible longer than they should be accessible longer than they should be. Accessible longer than they should be the exact number is that we have about the exact number is that we have about. The exact number is that we have about like on the lowest level bucket we like on the lowest level bucket we. Like on the lowest level bucket we have right now about 30 days of have right now about 30 days of. Have right now about 30 days of quote-unquote free rent where a quote-unquote free rent where a. Quote-unquote free rent where a restorable entry has out of rent but restorable entry has out of rent but. Restorable entry has out of rent but it's still accessible in live temporary it's still accessible in live temporary. It's still accessible in live temporary entries have very definite time entries have very definite time. Entries have very definite time timelines whereas they only exist for timelines whereas they only exist for. Timelines whereas they only exist for 128 ledgers no more no less and I think 128 ledgers no more no less and I think. 128 ledgers no more no less and I think for that's a powerful permit for for that's a powerful permit for. for that's a powerful permit for security purposes which is one of the security purposes which is one of the. Security purposes which is one of the reasons we want to distinguish between reasons we want to distinguish between. Reasons we want to distinguish between the two yeah the two yeah the two yeah okay but were you just asking about we. Okay but were you just asking about we okay but were you just asking about we should do allow rent bumps for temporary. Should do allow rent bumps for temporary should do allow rent bumps for temporary. Entries entries entries well so not necessarily around bumps well so not necessarily around bumps. Well so not necessarily around bumps but but TTL extension but but TTL extension. But but TTL extension and so in the current proposal of and so in the current proposal of. and so in the current proposal of the rent system applies to restorable the rent system applies to restorable. The rent system applies to restorable entries whereas they have a rent balance entries whereas they have a rent balance. Entries whereas they have a rent balance which is some about xlm which is which is some about xlm which is. Which is some about xlm which is deducted form deducted form deducted form and so their amount of legislative is. and so their amount of legislative is and so their amount of legislative is. Not exact not exact not exact the the Quan quote web bump for the the Quan quote web bump for. the the Quan quote web bump for temporary entries isn't increasing the temporary entries isn't increasing the. Temporary entries isn't increasing the rent balance because temporary entries rent balance because temporary entries. Rent balance because temporary entries do not have a rent balance rather it's do not have a rent balance rather it's. Do not have a rent balance rather it's increasing the TTL and so even if you increasing the TTL and so even if you. Increasing the TTL and so even if you allow changing of ttls allow changing of ttls. Allow changing of ttls you are it's not so much a rent bump you are it's not so much a rent bump. you are it's not so much a rent bump because you still have a very definitive because you still have a very definitive. Because you still have a very definitive timeline and very definitive depth timeline and very definitive depth. Timeline and very definitive depth Ledger if you will my bias is not to allow my bias is not to allow. extending the TTL extending the TTL extending the TTL hey it's just another piece of. hey it's just another piece of hey it's just another piece of functionality that people need to wrap. Functionality that people need to wrap functionality that people need to wrap their head around. Their head around their head around but also it doesn't sit that well with but also it doesn't sit that well with. But also it doesn't sit that well with how like my mental model of what a how like my mental model of what a. How like my mental model of what a temporary Ledger entry is so when I temporary Ledger entry is so when I. Temporary Ledger entry is so when I think about a temporary Ledger entry I think about a temporary Ledger entry I. Think about a temporary Ledger entry I think about a piece of information that think about a piece of information that. Think about a piece of information that I'm like broadcasting to the world for I'm like broadcasting to the world for. I'm like broadcasting to the world for the next end ledgers the next end ledgers the next end ledgers. And that's it so and that's it so and that's it so if if I if I update that like what what. If if I if I update that like what what if if I if I update that like what what does that actually mean like what is the. Does that actually mean like what is the does that actually mean like what is the. Actual use case for updating these actual use case for updating these actual use case for updating these. Temporary Ledger entries yeah I personally don't know what the yeah I personally don't know what the. Use cases I think use cases I think use cases I think one possible one possible. One possible advantage of updating the entries is if advantage of updating the entries is if. Advantage of updating the entries is if you have a some a type that is you have a some a type that is. You have a some a type that is trivially recreatable so you don't care trivially recreatable so you don't care. Trivially recreatable so you don't care if it gets deleted if it gets deleted if it gets deleted. but you also want it to exist someone but you also want it to exist someone. but you also want it to exist someone perpetually I can imagine a efficient perpetually I can imagine a efficient. Perpetually I can imagine a efficient solution where if the TTL is below like solution where if the TTL is below like. Solution where if the TTL is below like say 100 ledgers or something then use say 100 ledgers or something then use. Say 100 ledgers or something then use extended arbitrarily extended arbitrarily extended arbitrarily. and if for whatever reason and if for whatever reason and if for whatever reason. you miss a TTL bump and it does get you miss a TTL bump and it does get you miss a TTL bump and it does get. Deleted these arbitrarily recreated and deleted these arbitrarily recreated and deleted these arbitrarily recreated and. So in this case you want to use an so in this case you want to use an so in this case you want to use an. Archivable type because it's triviably archivable type because it's triviably archivable type because it's triviably. Recreatable and so it wouldn't be worth recreatable and so it wouldn't be worth recreatable and so it wouldn't be worth. Restoring restoring restoring but also you want to use it but also you want to use it. but also you want to use it perpetually and so you would you perpetually and so you would you. Perpetually and so you would you wouldn't want a strip TTL now again wouldn't want a strip TTL now again . Wouldn't want a strip TTL now again you know we could also do is just like you know we could also do is just like. You know we could also do is just like do a temporary entry set to the maximum do a temporary entry set to the maximum. Do a temporary entry set to the maximum TTL and then if it doesn't exist just TTL and then if it doesn't exist just. TTL and then if it doesn't exist just recreate it and then again set to the recreate it and then again set to the. Recreate it and then again set to the max dtl that's also possible for max dtl that's also possible for. Max dtl that's also possible for arbitrarily recreable data but that's arbitrarily recreable data but that's. Arbitrarily recreable data but that's just a use case I could think of the top just a use case I could think of the top. Just a use case I could think of the top of my head I don't know if anyone else of my head I don't know if anyone else. Of my head I don't know if anyone else has has has perhaps more interesting or is more. perhaps more interesting or is more perhaps more interesting or is more knowledgeable in the smart contract. Knowledgeable in the smart contract knowledgeable in the smart contract space wants to share their thoughts. Well I guess maybe like the with the CTL well I guess maybe like the with the CTL. Thing like thing like thing like why are we trying to babysit so much why are we trying to babysit so much. Why are we trying to babysit so much like the you know like the the contract like the you know like the the contract. Like the you know like the the contract like like it feels like like like it feels like. Like like it feels like you know not allowing access you know not allowing access. You know not allowing access of an entry right past its TTL that's of an entry right past its TTL that's. Of an entry right past its TTL that's like like like and not allowing bumps you know for that. And not allowing bumps you know for that and not allowing bumps you know for that. Reason sounds like we are reason sounds like we are reason sounds like we are stepping over the boundary in terms of. Stepping over the boundary in terms of stepping over the boundary in terms of responsibility like the contract you. Responsibility like the contract you responsibility like the contract you know if the contract doesn't want. Know if the contract doesn't want know if the contract doesn't want something to be valid Beyond a. something to be valid Beyond a something to be valid Beyond a certain time like that should be. Certain time like that should be certain time like that should be implemented in the contract itself I. Implemented in the contract itself I implemented in the contract itself I think think. Think and and if we do something like that and and if we do something like that. and and if we do something like that I think then the the bumping that we're I think then the the bumping that we're. I think then the the bumping that we're talking about talking about talking about. I think we just have to make sure that I think we just have to make sure that I think we just have to make sure that. When an entry gets bumped when an entry gets bumped when an entry gets bumped. the number the number the number you know the you know the you know the the the actual expiration time will. The the actual expiration time will the the actual expiration time will match the the lifetime in the in. Match the the lifetime in the in match the the lifetime in the in in the in the in the in the bucket list. In the in the in the in the bucket list in the in the in the in the bucket list right like so so like if you're. Right like so so like if you're right like so so like if you're so at creation time that means we have. So at creation time that means we have so at creation time that means we have to have like a. To have like a to have like a a function that allows you to to a function that allows you to to. a function that allows you to to compute the compute the compute the  .  like if you want to go from a number of like if you want to go from a number of. Like if you want to go from a number of ledgers or a number or actually number ledgers or a number or actually number. Ledgers or a number or actually number of ledgers you can do that of chain but of ledgers you can do that of chain but. Of ledgers you can do that of chain but like or actually time is the same like or actually time is the same. Like or actually time is the same thing thing thing yeah like I guess bumping like where it. Yeah like I guess bumping like where it yeah like I guess bumping like where it gets a little bit complicated is yeah. Gets a little bit complicated is yeah gets a little bit complicated is yeah just you have like some number and then. Just you have like some number and then just you have like some number and then you try to say okay extend it by. You try to say okay extend it by you try to say okay extend it by at least 30 days because you won't be. At least 30 days because you won't be at least 30 days because you won't be able to . Able to able to to to to to actually do exactly 30 days if we to actually do exactly 30 days if we. To actually do exactly 30 days if we don't make that strict TGI and you don't don't make that strict TGI and you don't. Don't make that strict TGI and you don't want people to pay to get free runs want people to pay to get free runs. Want people to pay to get free runs right for right for right for for whatever is the. For whatever is the for whatever is the you know it takes too much that that for you know it takes too much that that for. You know it takes too much that that for to actually expire that entry to actually expire that entry. To actually expire that entry but that seems walkable I mean those are but that seems walkable I mean those are. But that seems walkable I mean those are like help of functions right like that like help of functions right like that. Like help of functions right like that we can expose to the we can expose to the we can expose to the. That are basically like allow you to that are basically like allow you to that are basically like allow you to. Kind of Reason about about the bucket kind of Reason about about the bucket kind of Reason about about the bucket. List list list well I guess the the interface would be well I guess the the interface would be. Well I guess the the interface would be a little weird though because a little weird though because. A little weird though because essentially what you could do is the essentially what you could do is the. essentially what you could do is the CTL you could make temporary entries but CTL you could make temporary entries but. CTL you could make temporary entries but it would have to be a power of four it would have to be a power of four. It would have to be a power of four ledgers so like four zero fourth one Etc ledgers so like four zero fourth one Etc. Ledgers so like four zero fourth one Etc but with a maximum lifetime being 30 but with a maximum lifetime being 30. But with a maximum lifetime being 30 days days days and that just seems it just seems like a. And that just seems it just seems like a and that just seems it just seems like a. Weird and not super user-friendly weird and not super user-friendly weird and not super user-friendly. Interface to interface to interface to to not have a a stripped thousand on a to not have a a stripped thousand on a. To not have a a stripped thousand on a TTL because at least like I'm thinking TTL because at least like I'm thinking. TTL because at least like I'm thinking of like use case it just seems from a of like use case it just seems from a. Of like use case it just seems from a from a contract developer perspective from a contract developer perspective. From a contract developer perspective you know they don't have knowledge of you know they don't have knowledge of. You know they don't have knowledge of the bucket list and so it just seems the bucket list and so it just seems. The bucket list and so it just seems weird that you have this temporary entry weird that you have this temporary entry. Weird that you have this temporary entry that can only expire on Powers of four that can only expire on Powers of four. That can only expire on Powers of four for some reason with poor granularity for some reason with poor granularity. For some reason with poor granularity and I think it's it's weird from a and I think it's it's weird from a. And I think it's it's weird from a security standpoint if you want security standpoint if you want. Security standpoint if you want something to only live 128 that you have something to only live 128 that you have. Something to only live 128 that you have this entrance type called temporary this entrance type called temporary. This entrance type called temporary entries that is self-deleting but you on entries that is self-deleting but you on. Entries that is self-deleting but you on top of the self delaying temporary entry. Top of the self delaying temporary entry top of the self delaying temporary entry. Have to still in addition to that have to still in addition to that have to still in addition to that. Implement your own TTL if for your use Implement your own TTL if for your use Implement your own TTL if for your use. Case it doesn't work to be on the exact case it doesn't work to be on the exact case it doesn't work to be on the exact. Boundary power of four it just seems boundary power of four it just seems boundary power of four it just seems. That like we're exposing too much of the that like we're exposing too much of the. That like we're exposing too much of the underbelly of the system between the underbelly of the system between the. Underbelly of the system between the developers in that case so just to be on just to be clear if I. So just to be on just to be clear if I use a non-power of what is it power use a non-power of what is it power. Use a non-power of what is it power for for for remember it will still live until. remember it will still live until remember it will still live until like past my TTL until the the next . Like past my TTL until the the next like past my TTL until the the next Power four yeah so the way that just. Power four yeah so the way that just Power four yeah so the way that just because of the nature of the bucket list. Because of the nature of the bucket list because of the nature of the bucket list. apocalypse DB we can only remove apocalypse DB we can only remove apocalypse DB we can only remove. Entries from the data structure entries from the data structure entries from the data structure. on power of four ledgers and so on power of four ledgers and so . on power of four ledgers and so in the current implementation in the current implementation. In the current implementation we have the TTL which is stored as a we have the TTL which is stored as a. we have the TTL which is stored as a field inside the entry and so the entry field inside the entry and so the entry. Field inside the entry and so the entry itself does live on The Bucket List itself does live on The Bucket List. Itself does live on The Bucket List beyond the TTL in most cases unless it beyond the TTL in most cases unless it. Beyond the TTL in most cases unless it happens to be a power four happens to be a power four. Happens to be a power four but we just like do a check whenever but we just like do a check whenever. but we just like do a check whenever you're trying to access that entry and you're trying to access that entry and. You're trying to access that entry and if the TTL Ledger has passed we just if the TTL Ledger has passed we just. If the TTL Ledger has passed we just return nulls if it doesn't exist even return nulls if it doesn't exist even. Return nulls if it doesn't exist even though it does exist on The Ledger and though it does exist on The Ledger and. Though it does exist on The Ledger and then we garbage collect on Powers of then we garbage collect on Powers of. Then we garbage collect on Powers of four four four okay that that makes a lot of sense. Okay that that makes a lot of sense okay that that makes a lot of sense so so so so I'm a bit confused as to what Nico. So I'm a bit confused as to what Nico so I'm a bit confused as to what Nico. Just said like what the what's the just said like what the what's the just said like what the what's the. Confusing bit here also I think Nico is confusing bit here also I think Nico is confusing bit here also I think Nico is. Suggesting not to have the TTL field as suggesting not to have the TTL field as suggesting not to have the TTL field as. Part of protocol and to if users want part of protocol and to if users want. Part of protocol and to if users want a strip TTL they must Implement that a strip TTL they must Implement that. A strip TTL they must Implement that themselves and essentially they're themselves and essentially they're. Themselves and essentially they're struck that they store must have the TCL struck that they store must have the TCL. Struck that they store must have the TCL value and instead just expose an value and instead just expose an. Value and instead just expose an interface where temporary entries interface where temporary entries. Interface where temporary entries live and are accessible as long as live and are accessible as long as. live and are accessible as long as they're accessible on the bucket list they're accessible on the bucket list. They're accessible on the bucket list and so when you specify a TTL you must and so when you specify a TTL you must. And so when you specify a TTL you must specify a power for TTL Nico my specify a power for TTL Nico my. Specify a power for TTL Nico my understanding that correctly understanding that correctly. Understanding that correctly yeah basically it's kind of like I yeah basically it's kind of like I. Yeah basically it's kind of like I mean you still have a TTL it's more like mean you still have a TTL it's more like. Mean you still have a TTL it's more like it's actually it's it's more it's it's actually it's it's more it's. It's actually it's it's more it's represents the we were in a special case represents the we were in a special case. Represents the we were in a special case the like right now right like if you the like right now right like if you. The like right now right like if you have a if you load an entry that is in have a if you load an entry that is in. Have a if you load an entry that is in the bucket list but that has an expired the bucket list but that has an expired. The bucket list but that has an expired TTL TTL TTL you consider that it's not there and. you consider that it's not there and you consider that it's not there and that we will get rid of that special. That we will get rid of that special that we will get rid of that special casing by doing that and and just. Casing by doing that and and just casing by doing that and and just requiring requiring. Requiring that the the TTL that you have is is that the the TTL that you have is is . That the the TTL that you have is is is actually going to expire on the on a is actually going to expire on the on a. Is actually going to expire on the on a bucket boundary yeah bucket boundary yeah. Bucket boundary yeah like yeah I agree with with Garen I like yeah I agree with with Garen I. Like yeah I agree with with Garen I think this is the potential like we like. Think this is the potential like we like think this is the potential like we like. There's only so much we can expect from there's only so much we can expect from there's only so much we can expect from. Developers to understand the bucket list developers to understand the bucket list. Developers to understand the bucket list here and I think the the basic here and I think the the basic. Here and I think the the basic expectation from a temporary storage expectation from a temporary storage. expectation from a temporary storage is is is you know saying you know telling the. You know saying you know telling the you know saying you know telling the platform this is this is how many. Platform this is this is how many platform this is this is how many ledgers I want this thing to live for. Ledgers I want this thing to live for ledgers I want this thing to live for and and putting restrictions on that. and and putting restrictions on that and and putting restrictions on that or repeat or you know telling people you. Or repeat or you know telling people you or repeat or you know telling people you. Can only use powers before and if you can only use powers before and if you can only use powers before and if you. Want to do it like an exact detail then want to do it like an exact detail then want to do it like an exact detail then. You need to write your own smart you need to write your own smart you need to write your own smart. Contract I think that's contract I think that's contract I think that's not the ideal product experience. not the ideal product experience not the ideal product experience yeah I think yes the reason I mentioned. Yeah I think yes the reason I mentioned yeah I think yes the reason I mentioned that was to allow for bumping that here. That was to allow for bumping that here that was to allow for bumping that here because if you if you have actually. If you're a number if you want to allow if you're a number if you want to allow bumping you have to take into account. Bumping you have to take into account bumping you have to take into account what is actually happening under the. What is actually happening under the what is actually happening under the covers covers. Covers I don't know if it's too complex but I don't know if it's too complex but I. I don't know if it's too complex but I kind of kind of kind of I kind of think we're solving two. I kind of think we're solving two I kind of think we're solving two different problems here I think there is. Different problems here I think there is different problems here I think there is. The case of a temporary entry or that the case of a temporary entry or that. The case of a temporary entry or that has a certain deadline and dies and has a certain deadline and dies and. Has a certain deadline and dies and then such as like kyc or like a an then such as like kyc or like a an. Then such as like kyc or like a an allowance you want to exist for 10 allowance you want to exist for 10. Allowance you want to exist for 10 letters and 10 letters exactly that's letters and 10 letters exactly that's. Letters and 10 letters exactly that's case one and there's a second case of case one and there's a second case of. Case one and there's a second case of you have the century you don't really you have the century you don't really. You have the century you don't really care how long to live as long as it care how long to live as long as it. Care how long to live as long as it lives around this time and then you lives around this time and then you. Lives around this time and then you might want to bump it on every access I might want to bump it on every access I. Might want to bump it on every access I feel like those are two different feel like those are two different. Feel like those are two different classes of storage and I think a classes of storage and I think a. Classes of storage and I think a temporary entry with a exact TL sells temporary entry with a exact TL sells. Temporary entry with a exact TL sells one issue and so I'm wondering if it one issue and so I'm wondering if it. One issue and so I'm wondering if it might be reasonable to have like a flag might be reasonable to have like a flag. Might be reasonable to have like a flag say on on the recreatable storage to say say on on the recreatable storage to say. Say on on the recreatable storage to say archive or not archive archive or not archive. Archive or not archive because I feel like that's a because I feel like that's a. because I feel like that's a different use case than what at least in different use case than what at least in. Different use case than what at least in one on the temporary entry with the one on the temporary entry with the. One on the temporary entry with the exact details getting at but again that might be too complicated. But again that might be too complicated having now like three or four different having now like three or four different. Having now like three or four different storage types you know or storage types you know or. Storage types you know or yeah I would rather not add anything yeah I would rather not add anything. Yeah I would rather not add anything else here I think that the the the else here I think that the the the. Else here I think that the the the first case that you described the one first case that you described the one. First case that you described the one that you know a contract wants to that you know a contract wants to . That you know a contract wants to you know put a ledger entry for exactly you know put a ledger entry for exactly. You know put a ledger entry for exactly n ledgers I think that's the common case n ledgers I think that's the common case. N ledgers I think that's the common case and that's the thing that we should and that's the thing that we should . And that's the thing that we should that we should cater for that we should cater for. That we should cater for if they want to have more you know if they want to have more you know. If they want to have more you know sophisticated situations in which you sophisticated situations in which you. Sophisticated situations in which you know they can they can know they can they can. Know they can they can recreate or or or bump this entry once recreate or or or bump this entry once. Recreate or or or bump this entry once in a while then you know they can write in a while then you know they can write. In a while then you know they can write a smart contract that that achieves that a smart contract that that achieves that. A smart contract that that achieves that functionality that can be updated at functionality that can be updated at. Functionality that can be updated at specific times specific times specific times. but I think we need to keep the you but I think we need to keep the you. But I think we need to keep the you know keep the the main contract to know keep the the main contract to. Know keep the the main contract to something that's something that's something that's . you know like the common use case yeah I think if if you want yeah I think if if you want. Essentially like Implement that behavior essentially like Implement that behavior. Essentially like Implement that behavior it's still possible or just like if it's still possible or just like if. It's still possible or just like if like the the ttls within X number of like the the ttls within X number of. Like the the ttls within X number of Legends just deleted and recreate the Legends just deleted and recreate the. Legends just deleted and recreate the same value with a maximum TTL that's same value with a maximum TTL that's. Same value with a maximum TTL that's very possible very possible very possible and especially if we have a discount. and especially if we have a discount and especially if we have a discount temporary entrance the deletion. Temporary entrance the deletion temporary entrance the deletion Recreation path might be at cost or. Recreation path might be at cost or Recreation path might be at cost or cheaper than a restorable entry so I. Cheaper than a restorable entry so I cheaper than a restorable entry so I think that seems like a reasonable. Think that seems like a reasonable think that seems like a reasonable approach approach. Approach I think I'd rather not expose I think I'd rather not expose I think I'd rather not expose. Spotless powers for to any post-function spotless powers for to any post-function. Spotless powers for to any post-function or SDK okay it seems fine to not expose it then. Okay it seems fine to not expose it then but at the same time like but at the same time like. but at the same time like if we focus more on the on the actual what is that TTL is it a. Actual what is that TTL is it a you know do we want that to be you know do we want that to be. You know do we want that to be a a a more of a leave at least for you know a. More of a leave at least for you know a more of a leave at least for you know a given time. Given time given time and that way you can allow you know and that way you can allow you know. And that way you can allow you know anybody to bump that ledger entry anybody to bump that ledger entry. Anybody to bump that ledger entry or do you want to have that be more like or do you want to have that be more like. Or do you want to have that be more like that strict thing like that you that strict thing like that you. That strict thing like that you mentioned and because this strict mentioned and because this strict. Mentioned and because this strict definition of teachers seems super I definition of teachers seems super I. Definition of teachers seems super I don't know don't know don't know a bit a bit too special I don't know. A bit a bit too special I don't know a bit a bit too special I don't know like it doesn't seem like . Like it doesn't seem like like it doesn't seem like it's it's implicit it's it's it's not. It's it's implicit it's it's it's not it's it's implicit it's it's it's not it's unlike other types of storage that. It's unlike other types of storage that it's unlike other types of storage that we have. We have we have but but but I disagree here like I think the the con I disagree here like I think the the con. I disagree here like I think the the con the interface that people are looking the interface that people are looking. The interface that people are looking for is I want this to live for this for is I want this to live for this. For is I want this to live for this amount of time and The Ledger number amount of time and The Ledger number. Amount of time and The Ledger number here is just a good approximation for here is just a good approximation for. Here is just a good approximation for for time like this idea of I want to for time like this idea of I want to. For time like this idea of I want to live this I wanted this thing to live live this I wanted this thing to live. Live this I wanted this thing to live for at least this amount of time and the for at least this amount of time and the. For at least this amount of time and the actual length of how much it lives actual length of how much it lives. Actual length of how much it lives depends on like the underlying depends on like the underlying. Depends on like the underlying implementation it's not that's not the implementation it's not that's not the. Implementation it's not that's not the case anymore because what we said you case anymore because what we said you. Case anymore because what we said you know the discussion we had right before know the discussion we had right before. Know the discussion we had right before was hey let's let's move the use cases was hey let's let's move the use cases. Was hey let's let's move the use cases where people don't want archival through where people don't want archival through. Where people don't want archival through those temporary entries those temporary entries. Those temporary entries the TTL is not about the TTL is not about the TTL is not about. having this strict thing right going having this strict thing right going having this strict thing right going. On it's about I don't want to parent I on it's about I don't want to parent I on it's about I don't want to parent I. Just want to be you know cheaper and if just want to be you know cheaper and if just want to be you know cheaper and if. I have to refresh the thing and get it I have to refresh the thing and get it I have to refresh the thing and get it. Refreshed in some way and refreshed in some way and refreshed in some way and their contract in that case is not the. Their contract in that case is not the their contract in that case is not the one necessarily responsible for. One necessarily responsible for one necessarily responsible for refreshing the the teachers or any. Refreshing the the teachers or any refreshing the the teachers or any anybody that cares basically in that. Anybody that cares basically in that anybody that cares basically in that context. Yeah I don't know in my mind it still yeah I don't know in my mind it still feels like Tom was talking about issue a. Feels like Tom was talking about issue a feels like Tom was talking about issue a. And then and then and then Nico's tackling SUV does this seemed Nico's tackling SUV does this seemed. Nico's tackling SUV does this seemed like two infernally different use cases it's not what we're saying is that if. It's not what we're saying is that if people don't want this strict TTL they people don't want this strict TTL they. People don't want this strict TTL they are pushed to use a cable you know are pushed to use a cable you know. Are pushed to use a cable you know like those things that end up in the like those things that end up in the. Like those things that end up in the archives and therefore I end up on some of the. And therefore I end up on some of the more expensive training more expensive training. More expensive training but what exists in this space between a but what exists in this space between a. But what exists in this space between a strict TTL and archivable Energies strict TTL and archivable Energies. Strict TTL and archivable Energies what what would like give me an example what what would like give me an example. What what would like give me an example like what lives in that no this critical like what lives in that no this critical. Like what lives in that no this critical is is is another layer of is is is another layer of. Is is is another layer of like like like like the strict ETL like the strict ETL. Like the strict ETL I mean I'm fine with this trick TTL it's I mean I'm fine with this trick TTL it's. I mean I'm fine with this trick TTL it's more like the the what does it more like the the what does it. More like the the what does it actually mean what do we mean by actually mean what do we mean by. Actually mean what do we mean by strategirl here like like it becomes strategirl here like like it becomes. Strategirl here like like it becomes a security feature a security feature a security feature. I'm saying like if we get rid of the I'm saying like if we get rid of the I'm saying like if we get rid of the. Security feature basically allowing the security feature basically allowing the security feature basically allowing the. Teacher to be expanded teacher to be expanded teacher to be expanded then we have something actually that I. Then we have something actually that I then we have something actually that I to me seems to make sense because now we. To me seems to make sense because now we to me seems to make sense because now we. Have like if you want to get into have like if you want to get into have like if you want to get into. Archive use the you know recruitable archive use the you know recruitable archive use the you know recruitable. Thing and it's kind of a you know you thing and it's kind of a you know you thing and it's kind of a you know you. Just use run for that just use run for that just use run for that or you use those temporary things that. Or you use those temporary things that or you use those temporary things that yeah if you want to refresh it's manual. Yeah if you want to refresh it's manual yeah if you want to refresh it's manual you have to do that. You have to do that you have to do that and you get a little bit of a discount and you get a little bit of a discount. And you get a little bit of a discount because yeah yeah they don't go to because yeah yeah they don't go to. Because yeah yeah they don't go to the archive by default the archive by default. The archive by default and then if you want this trick like and then if you want this trick like. And then if you want this trick like super constricting that you know never super constricting that you know never. Super constricting that you know never exactly a TTR that's exactly something exactly a TTR that's exactly something. Exactly a TTR that's exactly something and you cannot bump and you cannot bump and you cannot bump. you have to implement that in your you have to implement that in your you have to implement that in your. Contract contract contract because yeah again like in terms of use because yeah again like in terms of use. Because yeah again like in terms of use cases what type of Entry cases what type of Entry. Cases what type of Entry when do you need something with a when do you need something with a. When do you need something with a teacher that is kind of Frozen that teacher that is kind of Frozen that. Teacher that is kind of Frozen that you can never change well if you're in Oracle and you wanna. Well if you're in Oracle and you wanna and you have you know you publish and you have you know you publish. And you have you know you publish like hourly like hourly like hourly price feeds and you want them to live. price feeds and you want them to live price feeds and you want them to live. Exactly for an hour then you put a TTL exactly for an hour then you put a TTL exactly for an hour then you put a TTL. Of a number of blocks that constitute of a number of blocks that constitute of a number of blocks that constitute. Fairly like something that approximates fairly like something that approximates fairly like something that approximates. An hour an hour an hour you mean like you don't want that thing you mean like you don't want that thing. You mean like you don't want that thing to stay on Ledger or for longer yoga I to stay on Ledger or for longer yoga I. To stay on Ledger or for longer yoga I mean as a record in that particular mean as a record in that particular. Mean as a record in that particular scenario scenario scenario you're going to override that entry. Right well I think you're getting into right well I think you're getting into the contract implementation you can you. The contract implementation you can you the contract implementation you can you can see yeah. I'm publishing some data and I don't I'm publishing some data and I don't want to pay for it you know after that. Want to pay for it you know after that want to pay for it you know after that time. Time time it doesn't mean that you know it's it doesn't mean that you know it's. it doesn't mean that you know it's not about I don't want to pay it's not not about I don't want to pay it's not. Not about I don't want to pay it's not just about I want to pay for it for an just about I want to pay for it for an. Just about I want to pay for it for an hour it's about this thing is relevant hour it's about this thing is relevant. Hour it's about this thing is relevant for an hour like I don't actually want for an hour like I don't actually want. For an hour like I don't actually want this thing to be alive after an hour this thing to be alive after an hour. This thing to be alive after an hour that's part of the the payload like this that's part of the the payload like this. That's part of the the payload like this expiration is the contract puts that expiration is the contract puts that. Expiration is the contract puts that meaning like you're saying there are no use like you're saying there are no use. Cases where you don't want like you cases where you don't want like you cases where you don't want like you. Don't want this this strict don't want this this strict don't want this this strict. Thing thing thing from the chat a lot of people seem to from the chat a lot of people seem to. From the chat a lot of people seem to disagree with that notion so what we could do actually. So what we could do actually is is is if I go for an extraction was just like if I go for an extraction was just like. If I go for an extraction was just like round up to the the nearest power four round up to the the nearest power four. Round up to the the nearest power four or something like that and just like or something like that and just like. Or something like that and just like allow like users to say arbitrary allow like users to say arbitrary. Allow like users to say arbitrary ledgers and it may or may not last ledgers and it may or may not last. Ledgers and it may or may not last longer longer longer because because because. I think I think I think as a storage medium I'm starting to as a storage medium I'm starting to. As a storage medium I'm starting to agree more with Nico such that I don't agree more with Nico such that I don't. Agree more with Nico such that I don't know if we need to specialize a security know if we need to specialize a security. Know if we need to specialize a security feature feature feature in a storage interface because I think. In a storage interface because I think in a storage interface because I think perhaps we should make the storage. Perhaps we should make the storage perhaps we should make the storage interface more General I don't know. Interface more General I don't know interface more General I don't know well what I'm saying is that I I'm I. Well what I'm saying is that I I'm I well what I'm saying is that I I'm I think it makes sense to the usability. Think it makes sense to the usability think it makes sense to the usability aspect of. Aspect of aspect of of yeah when you say the teacher is of yeah when you say the teacher is. Of yeah when you say the teacher is like 10 legends right like 10 legends right. Like 10 legends right if you don't do anything if you don't do anything if you don't do anything. After 10 measures that team is basically after 10 measures that team is basically. After 10 measures that team is basically appears to be deleted even though it's appears to be deleted even though it's. Appears to be deleted even though it's still in the bucket list I think that's still in the bucket list I think that's. Still in the bucket list I think that's an implementation detail an implementation detail. An implementation detail right and I think that's totally fine to right and I think that's totally fine to. Right and I think that's totally fine to have that at the same time I think it have that at the same time I think it. Have that at the same time I think it should be possible to bump that that should be possible to bump that that. Should be possible to bump that that that TTL that TTL that TTL if you want to go beyond energy and when. If you want to go beyond energy and when if you want to go beyond energy and when. You bump it I mean that means you have you bump it I mean that means you have you bump it I mean that means you have. To pay for I mean it's not staying in to pay for I mean it's not staying in to pay for I mean it's not staying in. The bucket list right it's not going to the bucket list right it's not going to the bucket list right it's not going to. Stay at the bottom it's basically kind stay at the bottom it's basically kind stay at the bottom it's basically kind. Of like a rewrite of like a rewrite of like a rewrite first of all we're going to implement it. First of all we're going to implement it first of all we're going to implement it. And then yeah in terms of security and then yeah in terms of security and then yeah in terms of security. Feature you wouldn't be able to rely feature you wouldn't be able to rely feature you wouldn't be able to rely. Strictly on that layer for security for strictly on that layer for security for strictly on that layer for security for. The for guaranteeing that something is the for guaranteeing that something is the for guaranteeing that something is. Going to be to live exactly you know going to be to live exactly you know going to be to live exactly you know. for for some time like if you want for for some time like if you want for for some time like if you want. That you have to put that in as part of that you have to put that in as part of that you have to put that in as part of. Your your your attach it to your data basically okay so Gary it sounds like we are at a. Okay so Gary it sounds like we are at a bit of an impasse right now we probably bit of an impasse right now we probably. Bit of an impasse right now we probably need to kind of like regroup look at the need to kind of like regroup look at the. Need to kind of like regroup look at the pros and cons can you pros and cons can you. Pros and cons can you like summarize this this like summarize this this. like summarize this this discussion and the pros and cons of the discussion and the pros and cons of the. Discussion and the pros and cons of the different approaches that we've different approaches that we've. Different approaches that we've discussed and potentially drop that discussed and potentially drop that. Discussed and potentially drop that on sir bondev later today on sir bondev later today. On sir bondev later today and hopefully we can asynchronously and hopefully we can asynchronously. And hopefully we can asynchronously regroup and think about this I mean I can hear you I don't know if. I mean I can hear you I don't know if Karen can thanks Paul maybe Garen is having. Thanks Paul maybe Garen is having some troubles connecting and he's some troubles connecting and he's. Some troubles connecting and he's typing something typing something typing something. no we cannot hear Garand no we cannot hear Garand no we cannot hear Garand. regardless we are almost at time regardless we are almost at time regardless we are almost at time. Right now right now right now so I think this is a a good stopping so I think this is a a good stopping. So I think this is a a good stopping point to regroup and and think about point to regroup and and think about. Point to regroup and and think about these things moving forward Garen these things moving forward Garen. These things moving forward Garen will hopefully share this on Sarah will hopefully share this on Sarah. Will hopefully share this on Sarah Von Dev and we can continue the Von Dev and we can continue the. Von Dev and we can continue the discussion there we can also discussion there we can also . Discussion there we can also people can feel free to stick around and people can feel free to stick around and. People can feel free to stick around and live chat and continue talking thank live chat and continue talking thank. Live chat and continue talking thank you all for joining and see you all you all for joining and see you all. You all for joining and see you all next week.
