 I see some folks have come to the I see some folks have come to the meeting already and we probably can. Meeting already and we probably can meeting already and we probably can get started first and pleas meain. Get started first and pleas meain get started first and pleas meain chat like if you can hear me now. okay great thank okay great thank you right so today we have two rather. You right so today we have two rather you right so today we have two rather. Small CS to go through both cups small CS to go through both cups small CS to go through both cups. Are about adding some new host functions are about adding some new host functions. Are about adding some new host functions for turbon and both pretty simple so for turbon and both pretty simple so. For turbon and both pretty simple so just hopefully shouldn't take too long just hopefully shouldn't take too long. Just hopefully shouldn't take too long to to to discuss the discuss the discuss the. First okay maybe maybe let's wait for first okay maybe maybe let's wait for first okay maybe maybe let's wait for. Like 30 seconds more I see folks keep like 30 seconds more I see folks keep like 30 seconds more I see folks keep. Coming right hey can see no one has t some last right hey can see no one has t some last. Even okay so let's get started right even okay so let's get started right even okay so let's get started right . We have tab 68 first we have tab 68 first we have tab 68 first and tab 68 proposes to add a new host. And tab 68 proposes to add a new host and tab 68 proposes to add a new host. Function will be used to get at an function will be used to get at an function will be used to get at an. Executive for an address and depending executive for an address and depending executive for an address and depending. On what the address is the EXA the on what the address is the EXA the on what the address is the EXA the. Executable value will be different executable value will be different executable value will be different. Depending on what the depending on what the depending on what the addresses more. Addresses more addresses more specifically when the address specifically when the address. Specifically when the address corresponds to the classic account with corresponds to the classic account with. Corresponds to the classic account with technically no contract and executable technically no contract and executable. Technically no contract and executable for it which is why we'll return Special for it which is why we'll return Special. For it which is why we'll return Special Value Value Value that that this is a classic. That that this is a classic that that this is a classic account now when the dra corresponds to. Account now when the dra corresponds to account now when the dra corresponds to a contract there are also two different. A contract there are also two different a contract there are also two different cases one case is when the contract. Cases one case is when the contract cases one case is when the contract is a to asset contract which is our. Is a to asset contract which is our is a to asset contract which is our buildin contract and in that case again. Buildin contract and in that case again buildin contract and in that case again you will get the. You will get the you will get the flag that says that this is a tered flag that says that this is a tered. flag that says that this is a tered contract and when you're doing with a CL contract and when you're doing with a CL. Contract and when you're doing with a CL with a regular vasm contract we'll. With a regular vasm contract we'll with a regular vasm contract we'll. Tell this vasm contract and provide the tell this vasm contract and provide the tell this vasm contract and provide the. Respective has this is actually both respective has this is actually both respective has this is actually both. Specification of the cap and quick specification of the cap and quick specification of the cap and quick. Description of the cap there isn't description of the cap there isn't description of the cap there isn't. Much to talk about here but I guess much to talk about here but I guess much to talk about here but I guess. There is quite a few things to tell there is quite a few things to tell there is quite a few things to tell. About motivation for why would someone about motivation for why would someone about motivation for why would someone. Actually want this super Po and why this actually want this super Po and why this. Actually want this super Po and why this hasn't hasn't hasn't implemented initially in the. Implemented initially in the implemented initially in the protocol so in general addresses are. Protocol so in general addresses are protocol so in general addresses are kind of abstract right You can for. Kind of abstract right You can for kind of abstract right You can for. Example call require o for any address example call require o for any address example call require o for any address. And in the background we will figure out and in the background we will figure out. And in the background we will figure out what exactly to call for it or you can what exactly to call for it or you can. What exactly to call for it or you can save the address in the storage for save the address in the storage for. save the address in the storage for example and you don't care exactly what example and you don't care exactly what. Example and you don't care exactly what B is suggest but there are some more B is suggest but there are some more. B is suggest but there are some more narrow use cases which kind of came up narrow use cases which kind of came up. Narrow use cases which kind of came up during the time of Tran's existence during the time of Tran's existence. during the time of Tran's existence and they're kind of different in their and they're kind of different in their. And they're kind of different in their ways but the common topic as well ways but the common topic as well. Ways but the common topic as well some information about the address is some information about the address is. Some information about the address is necessary to be retried specifically one necessary to be retried specifically one. Necessary to be retried specifically one of the cases which has been brought of the cases which has been brought. Of the cases which has been brought up is about distinguishing the custom up is about distinguishing the custom. Up is about distinguishing the custom tokens and S asset contract tokens tokens and S asset contract tokens. Tokens and S asset contract tokens and the way this function will help and the way this function will help. And the way this function will help is that it will be actually able to tell is that it will be actually able to tell. Is that it will be actually able to tell on chain if a given contract is a on chain if a given contract is a. on chain if a given contract is a store asset contract and then for store asset contract and then for. Store asset contract and then for example you can look up the contract example you can look up the contract. Example you can look up the contract name and see which classic asset it name and see which classic asset it. Name and see which classic asset it corresponds to and you actually don't corresponds to and you actually don't. Corresponds to and you actually don't need to worry about like if you know the need to worry about like if you know the. Need to worry about like if you know the executable is a s contract and you know executable is a s contract and you know. Executable is a s contract and you know that its name is for example native that its name is for example native. That its name is for example native right then you actually are 100% sure on right then you actually are 100% sure on. Right then you actually are 100% sure on chain that the contract you dealing this. Chain that the contract you dealing this chain that the contract you dealing this. Is actually xrm contract which has the is actually xrm contract which has the is actually xrm contract which has the. Name native and executable ised name native and executable ised name native and executable ised. Contract and same goes basically for any contract and same goes basically for any. Contract and same goes basically for any asset and this use case has come up in asset and this use case has come up in. Asset and this use case has come up in the context of the AEL breaks that the context of the AEL breaks that . The context of the AEL breaks that does some FR chain token Ren and does some FR chain token Ren and. Does some FR chain token Ren and basically you know to deploy a token on basically you know to deploy a token on. Basically you know to deploy a token on a different chain they need to a different chain they need to. A different chain they need to understand like if it is a classic understand like if it is a classic. Understand like if it is a classic tokens they doing with and th they can tokens they doing with and th they can. Tokens they doing with and th they can create appropriate metadata for this create appropriate metadata for this. Create appropriate metadata for this event and there is no need to hurt event and there is no need to hurt. Event and there is no need to hurt code for example ID for all the code for example ID for all the. Code for example ID for all the contracts and I think the question of contracts and I think the question of . Contracts and I think the question of what is the address of the xlm contract what is the address of the xlm contract. What is the address of the xlm contract or how how they figure out if something or how how they figure out if something. Or how how they figure out if something is xlm has come up quite a bit before is xlm has come up quite a bit before. Is xlm has come up quite a bit before and now we provide a way that doesn't and now we provide a way that doesn't. And now we provide a way that doesn't actually involve for in the hardcoded actually involve for in the hardcoded. Actually involve for in the hardcoded xlm value which may be valuable in some xlm value which may be valuable in some. Xlm value which may be valuable in some cases another re case that has come up here but basically when deing with. Up here but basically when deing with a custom accounts there are maybe a custom accounts there are maybe. A custom accounts there are maybe several actually quite different cases several actually quite different cases. Several actually quite different cases for why you would want to know for why you would want to know. For why you would want to know specifically what is a hash of a specifically what is a hash of a. Specifically what is a hash of a particular wasm contract what is a wasm particular wasm contract what is a wasm. Particular wasm contract what is a wasm hash hash hash and this may come up both in the. and this may come up both in the and this may come up both in the implementation of the custom account. Implementation of the custom account implementation of the custom account itself itself. Itself say I you want your customer account to say I you want your customer account to. Say I you want your customer account to only authorize token operations on some only authorize token operations on some. Only authorize token operations on some tracted token implementation right again tracted token implementation right again. Tracted token implementation right again for example to asset contract trusted for example to asset contract trusted. For example to asset contract trusted custom token custom token custom token implementation or maybe in general. Implementation or maybe in general implementation or maybe in general you want to be able to verify the. You want to be able to verify the you want to be able to verify the source of certain contracts you. Source of certain contracts you source of certain contracts you want to in right it is more of a. Want to in right it is more of a want to in right it is more of a customization SC and in another case. Customization SC and in another case customization SC and in another case that T has brought up specifically is. That T has brought up specifically is that T has brought up specifically is. That if you wanted that if you wanted that if you wanted to build some modelized account that. To build some modelized account that to build some modelized account that have several contracts Implement in. Have several contracts Implement in have several contracts Implement in several different authorization. Several different authorization several different authorization policies which kind of makes sense for. Policies which kind of makes sense for policies which kind of makes sense for the general customer account . The general customer account the general customer account custom custom custom. Customization customization customization you basically may have some contracts. you basically may have some contracts you basically may have some contracts. That would do us for you and you that would do us for you and you that would do us for you and you. Actually want to be confident that actually want to be confident that actually want to be confident that. This contracts will not be updated so this contracts will not be updated so this contracts will not be updated so. For example you trust certain contracts for example you trust certain contracts for example you trust certain contracts. To do something on your behalf and to do something on your behalf and to do something on your behalf and. You trust its current implementation but you trust its current implementation but. You trust its current implementation but you do not want this implementation you do not want this implementation. you do not want this implementation to be ever seen and if you know to be ever seen and if you know. To be ever seen and if you know what is the current casat you can what is the current casat you can. What is the current casat you can actually enforce that and for the hasn't actually enforce that and for the hasn't. Actually enforce that and for the hasn't make sure that the hash hasn't seen make sure that the hash hasn't seen. make sure that the hash hasn't seen in the future location so all and allers in the future location so all and allers. In the future location so all and allers are like pretty narrow cases it probably. Are like pretty narrow cases it probably are like pretty narrow cases it probably. Doesn't come up for each and every doesn't come up for each and every doesn't come up for each and every. Contract but I think they are contract but I think they are contract but I think they are . Interesting enough and in general interesting enough and in general interesting enough and in general. Functionality exist makes sense to functionality exist makes sense to functionality exist makes sense to. Provide it like other part of the provide it like other part of the provide it like other part of the. Deployer function right you you can deployer function right you you can deployer function right you you can. Deploy something but you cannot know deploy something but you cannot know deploy something but you cannot know. What exactly has been deployed now we what exactly has been deployed now we what exactly has been deployed now we. Kind of boot in another end of this and kind of boot in another end of this and kind of boot in another end of this and. I think beyond what I've been talking I think beyond what I've been talking. I think beyond what I've been talking about there are some other things that about there are some other things that. About there are some other things that people may come up to with this people may come up to with this. People may come up to with this functioning bits it is not something functioning bits it is not something. Functioning bits it is not something you need to store for you need to store for. You need to store for example example example right I can try to speak louder is. right I can try to speak louder is right I can try to speak louder is. It better okay okay okay yeah I should have P me sooner yeah okay yeah I should have P me sooner yeah. Okay yeah I should have P me sooner yeah so what I've been saying is so what I've been saying is. so what I've been saying is that the use case presented inen that the use case presented inen. that the use case presented inen discussions are some this because it discussions are some this because it. Discussions are some this because it motivated this happen the first place motivated this happen the first place. Motivated this happen the first place but I'm sure there are more things but I'm sure there are more things. But I'm sure there are more things that people may come up with and this that people may come up with and this. that people may come up with and this functionality is not unique to s s but functionality is not unique to s s but. Functionality is not unique to s s but for example EV evm has functions for for example EV evm has functions for. For example EV evm has functions for retrieving the actually they even retrieving the actually they even. Retrieving the actually they even have functions to retrieve the entire have functions to retrieve the entire. Have functions to retrieve the entire code which I don't think is relevant to code which I don't think is relevant to. Code which I don't think is relevant to soran but also like to retrieve the hash soran but also like to retrieve the hash. Soran but also like to retrieve the hash of the contract code which is more or of the contract code which is more or. Of the contract code which is more or less what we are doing here so I think less what we are doing here so I think. Less what we are doing here so I think all know it's pretty sensible idea all know it's pretty sensible idea. All know it's pretty sensible idea to have and seemly some use cases where to have and seemly some use cases where. To have and seemly some use cases where this is this is this is helpful so this is pretty much it on. Helpful so this is pretty much it on helpful so this is pretty much it on the C presentation and I don't know. The C presentation and I don't know the C presentation and I don't know if there are any questions but there was. If there are any questions but there was if there are any questions but there was. A a a discussion in GitHub regarding discussion in GitHub regarding discussion in GitHub regarding. The data structure to be used here the data structure to be used here the data structure to be used here . Because the initial cap has n data because the initial cap has n data because the initial cap has n data. Structure structure proposed and Lee has structure structure proposed and Lee has. Structure structure proposed and Lee has suggested to use a flat data structure suggested to use a flat data structure. Suggested to use a flat data structure and I think I haven't replied on the and I think I haven't replied on the. And I think I haven't replied on the discussion but after looking at this discussion but after looking at this. Discussion but after looking at this again before this m I think it seems again before this m I think it seems. Again before this m I think it seems like a sensible suggestion so I'll like a sensible suggestion so I'll. Like a sensible suggestion so I'll probably update the cap and makes it probably update the cap and makes it. Probably update the cap and makes it ANM structure flat yeah so it's like ANM structure flat yeah so it's like. ANM structure flat yeah so it's like guess small implementation detail but I guess small implementation detail but I. Guess small implementation detail but I think it probably makes sense to do that think it probably makes sense to do that. Think it probably makes sense to do that yeah so that's pretty much it on cap yeah so that's pretty much it on cap. yeah so that's pretty much it on cap 68 are there any yeah regarding the fony yeah I agree. Yeah regarding the fony yeah I agree that even though we kind of going to that even though we kind of going to. That even though we kind of going to have two very similar data types I have two very similar data types I. Have two very similar data types I think it makes sense conceptually to think it makes sense conceptually to. Think it makes sense conceptually to have this FL I guess it's not too much of. I guess it's not too much of Maintenance Maintenance Maintenance burden yeah not for performance. Burden yeah not for performance burden yeah not for performance reasons but mostly for. Reasons but mostly for reasons but mostly for quity all right anyways if anyone has. Quity all right anyways if anyone has quity all right anyways if anyone has. Any more questions any more questions any more questions please pause them in the discussion. Please pause them in the discussion please pause them in the discussion thread other that that's pretty much. Thread other that that's pretty much thread other that that's pretty much it for cap 68 and now cap 69 it's . It for cap 68 and now cap 69 it's it for cap 68 and now cap 69 it's an even simpler cap and it simply adds. An even simpler cap and it simply adds an even simpler cap and it simply adds two conversion functions one to com . Two conversion functions one to com two conversion functions one to com convert string object into bite object. Convert string object into bite object convert string object into bite object and another to convert bite object back. And another to convert bite object back and another to convert bite object back into string object and the reason for. Into string object and the reason for into string object and the reason for. This is basically that spring this is basically that spring this is basically that spring. Object well well first thing is that object well well first thing is that object well well first thing is that. Strings and byes and thran are exactly strings and byes and thran are exactly strings and byes and thran are exactly. The same thing so kind of makes sense the same thing so kind of makes sense. The same thing so kind of makes sense for them to be convertible to each other. For them to be convertible to each other for them to be convertible to each other. but the main reason for why this has but the main reason for why this has but the main reason for why this has. Actually come up is that due to I actually come up is that due to I actually come up is that due to I. Guess bit of an oversight in in the guess bit of an oversight in in the guess bit of an oversight in in the. Design string has very restricted design string has very restricted design string has very restricted . Set of the host set of the host set of the host functions that can do anything about it. that can do anything about it specifically you can get only stream specifically you can get only stream. Specifically you can get only stream lens today and copy it into lens today and copy it into. Lens today and copy it into memory so people were trying to get memory so people were trying to get. Memory so people were trying to get for example a character of a string for example a character of a string. For example a character of a string object and that's not possible without object and that's not possible without. Object and that's not possible without actually copying the whole string back actually copying the whole string back. Actually copying the whole string back into guest memory and if you don't into guest memory and if you don't. Into guest memory and if you don't know the lens of your string then you know the lens of your string then you. Know the lens of your string then you need to link aloc or do some weird ha need to link aloc or do some weird ha. Need to link aloc or do some weird ha where you would only Lo some swice or where you would only Lo some swice or. Where you would only Lo some swice or something so basically it's all kind something so basically it's all kind. Something so basically it's all kind of hey and of hey and of hey and . Just adding the conversion functions is just adding the conversion functions is just adding the conversion functions is. A very quick fix for that so you can a very quick fix for that so you can a very quick fix for that so you can. convert string into bites on the host convert string into bites on the host. convert string into bites on the host side perform any of the operations side perform any of the operations. Side perform any of the operations that are already available for bites and that are already available for bites and. That are already available for bites and then maybe either converted back or I. Then maybe either converted back or I then maybe either converted back or I. Don't depending on your logic so yeah don't depending on your logic so yeah. Don't depending on your logic so yeah I think it was mostly design I don't I think it was mostly design I don't. I think it was mostly design I don't think say great reason to not have it think say great reason to not have it. Think say great reason to not have it and also this has come up actually about. And also this has come up actually about and also this has come up actually about. A year ago for the at least once a year ago for the at least once a year ago for the at least once . Before like recently and again before like recently and again before like recently and again. People are just confused why there is no people are just confused why there is no. People are just confused why there is no conversion between bites and conversion between bites and. Conversion between bites and strings and well you can just add it strings and well you can just add it. Strings and well you can just add it it's a very simple change so I guess it's a very simple change so I guess. It's a very simple change so I guess that's all I have to say for this cap yeah so if there are any questions again. Yeah so if there are any questions again please let me know or please pause them please let me know or please pause them. Please let me know or please pause them in the respective GitHub discussion right. right so that's it for me I don't know so that's it for me I don't know. so that's it for me I don't know if someone wants if someone wants if someone wants. To use this time for cap to use this time for cap to use this time for cap 67 or not I don't know. but yeah that's pretty much it for but yeah that's pretty much it for. For me and if no one else has any to for me and if no one else has any to for me and if no one else has any to. About then you can call it about then you can call it about then you can call it Med. Okay it seems like no moment discussion okay it seems like no moment discussion for today . For today for today and I guess that's it for this and I guess that's it for this. And I guess that's it for this meeting thank you everyone for meeting thank you everyone for. Meeting thank you everyone for attention.
