Justin rice i'm the vp of the ecosystem justin rice i'm the vp of the ecosystem at the stellar development foundation . At the stellar development foundation at the stellar development foundation . Where i work with people to understand where i work with people to understand where i work with people to understand. How to use the network developers and how to use the network developers and how to use the network developers and. Enterprises and at the sdf our goal is enterprises and at the sdf our goal is enterprises and at the sdf our goal is. To support the open source open to support the open source open to support the open source open. Participation stellar network of which participation stellar network of which participation stellar network of which. You will hear a lot about in a minute in you will hear a lot about in a minute in. You will hear a lot about in a minute in order to order to order to increase equitable access to the world's. Increase equitable access to the world's increase equitable access to the world's. Financial infrastructure financial infrastructure financial infrastructure marta hello and yeah i'm martha lakova. Marta hello and yeah i'm martha lakova marta hello and yeah i'm martha lakova i'm a software engineer on the stellar. I'm a software engineer on the stellar i'm a software engineer on the stellar core team. Core team core team at cell development foundation and so i at cell development foundation and so i. At cell development foundation and so i work on the actual implementation of a work on the actual implementation of a. Work on the actual implementation of a distributed ledger which is what powers distributed ledger which is what powers. Distributed ledger which is what powers the stellar network so really excited the stellar network so really excited. The stellar network so really excited to be here with you we ready all right we are going to dive. We ready all right we are going to dive in this is going to be a fairly in-depth in this is going to be a fairly in-depth. In this is going to be a fairly in-depth explanation of stellar and of the explanation of stellar and of the. Explanation of stellar and of the blockchain technology that powers it blockchain technology that powers it . Blockchain technology that powers it we're going to talk for a while i'm we're going to talk for a while i'm. We're going to talk for a while i'm going to talk for a while hand it to going to talk for a while hand it to. Going to talk for a while hand it to marta and then we'll probably pause marta and then we'll probably pause. Marta and then we'll probably pause about halfway through for questions about halfway through for questions. About halfway through for questions and then we'll sort of dig roll up our and then we'll sort of dig roll up our. And then we'll sort of dig roll up our sleeves and sort of do a little bit of sleeves and sort of do a little bit of. Sleeves and sort of do a little bit of playing around with the actual network playing around with the actual network. Playing around with the actual network so so so technical deep dive interstellar technical deep dive interstellar. Technical deep dive interstellar quick agenda i'll explain how the quick agenda i'll explain how the. Quick agenda i'll explain how the stellar network works i guess i just stellar network works i guess i just. Stellar network works i guess i just sort of went through this give it to sort of went through this give it to. Sort of went through this give it to marta to talk about how it compares to marta to talk about how it compares to. Marta to talk about how it compares to other blockchains and then we will talk other blockchains and then we will talk. Other blockchains and then we will talk about sort of open source and an open about sort of open source and an open. About sort of open source and an open source project and then we'll use the source project and then we'll use the. Source project and then we'll use the stellar laboratory and leave some time stellar laboratory and leave some time. Stellar laboratory and leave some time for q a okay for q a okay for q a okay the stellar network. The stellar network the stellar network the stellar network is made up of nodes the stellar network is made up of nodes. The stellar network is made up of nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes nodes what are nodes. Nodes nodes what are nodes nodes nodes what are nodes nodes are computers that connect and. Nodes are computers that connect and nodes are computers that connect and communicate with one another to keep a. Communicate with one another to keep a communicate with one another to keep a common accounting ledger and to approve. Common accounting ledger and to approve common accounting ledger and to approve and ratify changes to it so on the image. And ratify changes to it so on the image and ratify changes to it so on the image. On the right all those dots those are on the right all those dots those are on the right all those dots those are. Nodes nodes nodes stellar's open participation so anyone stellar's open participation so anyone. Stellar's open participation so anyone can spin up one of these nodes and they can spin up one of these nodes and they. Can spin up one of these nodes and they run this thing called stellar core that run this thing called stellar core that. Run this thing called stellar core that marta helps build marta helps build marta helps build. It's decentralized because these nodes it's decentralized because these nodes it's decentralized because these nodes. Are run by independent individuals and are run by independent individuals and are run by independent individuals and. Organizations all over the globe so each organizations all over the globe so each. Organizations all over the globe so each of those dots is a computer running of those dots is a computer running. Of those dots is a computer running style according to community style according to community. Style according to community the common ledger that nodes work the common ledger that nodes work. the common ledger that nodes work together to keep it's stable together to keep it's stable. Together to keep it's stable physics major in the physics major in the physics major in the. College nice and you guys are all college nice and you guys are all college nice and you guys are all. Students can you please mute your students can you please mute your students can you please mute your. Microphones thank you i thought that was microphones thank you i thought that was. Microphones thank you i thought that was like a like just like coming in hot with. Like a like just like coming in hot with like a like just like coming in hot with. A question at the top a question at the top a question at the top and i would i approved that . And i would i approved that and i would i approved that that level of verve and engagement . That level of verve and engagement that level of verve and engagement okay okay. Okay ledger understanding the ledger so i ledger understanding the ledger so i ledger understanding the ledger so i. Said that knowns work to keep a common said that knowns work to keep a common said that knowns work to keep a common. Ledger it's stable it's secure it's ledger it's stable it's secure it's ledger it's stable it's secure it's. Transparent stable because the network transparent stable because the network transparent stable because the network. Is spread over a bunch of servers and is spread over a bunch of servers and is spread over a bunch of servers and. Computers all over the world so you computers all over the world so you computers all over the world so you. Can't turn it off there's not a central can't turn it off there's not a central can't turn it off there's not a central. Server it's secure because the ledger server it's secure because the ledger. Server it's secure because the ledger entries are immutable right once a entries are immutable right once a. Entries are immutable right once a transaction has been processed no one transaction has been processed no one. Transaction has been processed no one can change the data or manipulate the can change the data or manipulate the. Can change the data or manipulate the numbers to their liking and it's numbers to their liking and it's. Numbers to their liking and it's transparent because like many transparent because like many. Transparent because like many blockchains like all black public blockchains like all black public. Blockchains like all black public blockchains blockchains blockchains everyone can see the ledger and trust. Everyone can see the ledger and trust everyone can see the ledger and trust that the information is correct. That the information is correct that the information is correct that's the ledger so. That's the ledger so that's the ledger so nodes keep the ledger and what's on the. Nodes keep the ledger and what's on the nodes keep the ledger and what's on the ledger well. Ledger well ledger well accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts accounts are. Accounts accounts accounts accounts are accounts accounts accounts accounts are the essential data structure in stellar. The essential data structure in stellar the essential data structure in stellar they are saved on this global ledger . They are saved on this global ledger they are saved on this global ledger they hold balances they sign. They hold balances they sign they hold balances they sign transactions they also issue assets. Transactions they also issue assets transactions they also issue assets and account access is controlled by. And account access is controlled by and account access is controlled by public private key cryptography so every. Public private key cryptography so every public private key cryptography so every. Stellar account has a public key usually stellar account has a public key usually. Stellar account has a public key usually they start with g they start with g they start with g. And every account also has a secret key and every account also has a secret key and every account also has a secret key. Which always starts with an s the public which always starts with an s the public. Which always starts with an s the public key is safe to share right that's how key is safe to share right that's how. Key is safe to share right that's how people identify your account so they people identify your account so they. People identify your account so they verify you authorize the transaction verify you authorize the transaction. Verify you authorize the transaction it's kind of like your email address it's kind of like your email address. It's kind of like your email address people need to know it to send you an people need to know it to send you an. People need to know it to send you an email email email that reference feels probably dated to. That reference feels probably dated to that reference feels probably dated to many of you. Many of you many of you your secret key however is private your secret key however is private. Your secret key however is private information that proves that you own information that proves that you own. Information that proves that you own your account it's like your password your account it's like your password. Your account it's like your password can't share with anybody you use your can't share with anybody you use your. Can't share with anybody you use your secret key to sign transactions which secret key to sign transactions which. Secret key to sign transactions which essentially call functions that change essentially call functions that change. Essentially call functions that change the state of the ledger so transactions the state of the ledger so transactions. The state of the ledger so transactions that's the next word transactions that's the next word transactions. That's the next word transactions transactions transactions transactions transactions. Transactions transactions transactions on stellar are made up of transactions on stellar are made up of. Transactions on stellar are made up of operations which are the actual operations which are the actual. Operations which are the actual functions that change the ledger so a functions that change the ledger so a. Functions that change the ledger so a payment that's an operation offered to payment that's an operation offered to. Payment that's an operation offered to buy an asset to sell an asset that is an buy an asset to sell an asset that is an. Buy an asset to sell an asset that is an operation operation operation now this is stellar vernacular here it's. Now this is stellar vernacular here it's now this is stellar vernacular here it's. A little confusing because operations a little confusing because operations a little confusing because operations. Honestly that's what most people think honestly that's what most people think honestly that's what most people think. Of when they think of transactions but of when they think of transactions but of when they think of transactions but. On stellar you can actually bundle 100 on stellar you can actually bundle 100 on stellar you can actually bundle 100. Operations operations operations into a single transaction you can put into a single transaction you can put. Into a single transaction you can put them in a specific order they execute in them in a specific order they execute in. Them in a specific order they execute in that order that order that order you can use that to do some interesting. You can use that to do some interesting you can use that to do some interesting things we won't get into it right now. Things we won't get into it right now things we won't get into it right now but when i say operations you can kind. But when i say operations you can kind but when i say operations you can kind of think transactions. Of think transactions of think transactions most transactions in fact consist of a. Most transactions in fact consist of a most transactions in fact consist of a single operation . Single operation single operation each of the entries that you see in this each of the entries that you see in this. Each of the entries that you see in this example ledger that's a single operation. Example ledger that's a single operation example ledger that's a single operation. Transaction so lisa sends me fifty transaction so lisa sends me fifty transaction so lisa sends me fifty. Dollars thank you lisa dollars thank you lisa dollars thank you lisa transactions are time stamped. Transactions are time stamped transactions are time stamped and they contain unique identifying. and they contain unique identifying and they contain unique identifying information and every three to five. Information and every three to five information and every three to five seconds those nodes that we talked about. Seconds those nodes that we talked about seconds those nodes that we talked about. Earlier they bundle all the transactions earlier they bundle all the transactions. Earlier they bundle all the transactions together into a set they apply that set together into a set they apply that set. Together into a set they apply that set to change the state of the ledger let us to change the state of the ledger let us. To change the state of the ledger let us walk through that process so it all walk through that process so it all. Walk through that process so it all starts with a ledger which is again is starts with a ledger which is again is. Starts with a ledger which is again is essentially a list of accounts and essentially a list of accounts and. Essentially a list of accounts and balances it's like a giant spreadsheet balances it's like a giant spreadsheet. Balances it's like a giant spreadsheet and a sql database and a sql database and a sql database. Users wherever they are in the world users wherever they are in the world users wherever they are in the world. They submit transactions to send and they submit transactions to send and they submit transactions to send and. Exchange assets on the network some of exchange assets on the network some of exchange assets on the network some of. These are individual users with stellar these are individual users with stellar these are individual users with stellar. Wallets some of these are businesses wallets some of these are businesses wallets some of these are businesses. Using making b2b payments using making b2b payments using making b2b payments and using stellar they can move funds. And using stellar they can move funds and using stellar they can move funds anywhere in the world they can convert. Anywhere in the world they can convert anywhere in the world they can convert currency along the way thanks to a. Currency along the way thanks to a currency along the way thanks to a built-in system of exchange that. Built-in system of exchange that built-in system of exchange that includes order books and automated. Includes order books and automated includes order books and automated market makers which we will talk about. Market makers which we will talk about market makers which we will talk about later. Later later these transactions are essentially these transactions are essentially. these transactions are essentially bundled into sets they're confirmed by bundled into sets they're confirmed by. Bundled into sets they're confirmed by validating nodes they are applied to the validating nodes they are applied to the. Validating nodes they are applied to the ledger at which point they're final and ledger at which point they're final and. Ledger at which point they're final and create an immutable record and then the create an immutable record and then the. Create an immutable record and then the whole process starts over whole process starts over. Whole process starts over so why is a blockchain ledger immutable so why is a blockchain ledger immutable. So why is a blockchain ledger immutable why can't someone change the previous why can't someone change the previous. Why can't someone change the previous entries on the ledger how do these entries on the ledger how do these. Entries on the ledger how do these transaction sets come together and get transaction sets come together and get. Transaction sets come together and get finalized anyway to answer those finalized anyway to answer those. Finalized anyway to answer those questions i'm going to pass the mic to questions i'm going to pass the mic to. Questions i'm going to pass the mic to marta who's going to dig in and explain marta who's going to dig in and explain. Marta who's going to dig in and explain how blockchain protocols work generally how blockchain protocols work generally. How blockchain protocols work generally and also how the stellar consensus and also how the stellar consensus. And also how the stellar consensus protocol works specifically marta hello justin thank you always great to. Hello justin thank you always great to hear you talk about these things so hear you talk about these things so . Hear you talk about these things so yeah so let's dive a bit deeper into yeah so let's dive a bit deeper into . Yeah so let's dive a bit deeper into technical aspects of the stellar network technical aspects of the stellar network. Technical aspects of the stellar network and the stellar consensus protocol in and the stellar consensus protocol in. And the stellar consensus protocol in particular so to do this we're going to particular so to do this we're going to. Particular so to do this we're going to put things into perspective we're going put things into perspective we're going. Put things into perspective we're going to compare stellar to two biggest to compare stellar to two biggest. To compare stellar to two biggest blockchains out there bitcoin and blockchains out there bitcoin and. Blockchains out there bitcoin and ethereum ethereum ethereum so let's start with the intended. So let's start with the intended so let's start with the intended function of these three blockchains so. Function of these three blockchains so function of these three blockchains so bitcoin was the first blockchain to show. Bitcoin was the first blockchain to show bitcoin was the first blockchain to show. A decentralized completely native a decentralized completely native a decentralized completely native. Store of value a completely internet store of value a completely internet store of value a completely internet. Native store of value excuse me so we native store of value excuse me so we native store of value excuse me so we. Think of it as the first internet native think of it as the first internet native. Think of it as the first internet native money money money recently more and more people have been. Recently more and more people have been recently more and more people have been referring to. Referring to referring to bitcoin as digital gold due to its bitcoin as digital gold due to its. Bitcoin as digital gold due to its scarcity and potentially a way to beat scarcity and potentially a way to beat. Scarcity and potentially a way to beat inflation but in this talk which is inflation but in this talk which is. Inflation but in this talk which is going to focus on kind of the initial going to focus on kind of the initial . Going to focus on kind of the initial goal of bitcoin as outlined in the goal of bitcoin as outlined in the. Goal of bitcoin as outlined in the bitcoin paper which is digital money bitcoin paper which is digital money. Bitcoin paper which is digital money on the other hand on the other hand on the other hand. Ethereum acts as a general purpose ethereum acts as a general purpose ethereum acts as a general purpose. Decentralized computer so what i mean decentralized computer so what i mean decentralized computer so what i mean. Here is that it provides infrastructure here is that it provides infrastructure here is that it provides infrastructure. For developers to write programs or for developers to write programs or for developers to write programs or. Smart contracts that can really execute smart contracts that can really execute smart contracts that can really execute. Anything anything anything so this allows a variety of different so this allows a variety of different. So this allows a variety of different applications on the ethereum network so applications on the ethereum network so. Applications on the ethereum network so things like nfts or borrowing lending things like nfts or borrowing lending. Things like nfts or borrowing lending applications asset issuance and so forth applications asset issuance and so forth. Applications asset issuance and so forth and so finally stellar focuses on and so finally stellar focuses on. And so finally stellar focuses on payments so stellar is really good for payments so stellar is really good for. Payments so stellar is really good for fast and cheap payments as well as fast and cheap payments as well as. Fast and cheap payments as well as issuing digital assets on the network issuing digital assets on the network. Issuing digital assets on the network for example on stellar you can issue for example on stellar you can issue. For example on stellar you can issue stable coins such as usdc stable coins such as usdc. Stable coins such as usdc so next let's compare consensus so next let's compare consensus. So next let's compare consensus mechanisms for each of these blockchains mechanisms for each of these blockchains. Mechanisms for each of these blockchains so bitcoin and ethereum both use so bitcoin and ethereum both use. So bitcoin and ethereum both use proof-of-work proof-of-work proof-of-work which we're going to discuss in a lot. Which we're going to discuss in a lot which we're going to discuss in a lot more detail in the next slide but for. More detail in the next slide but for more detail in the next slide but for. Now i also wanted to know that ethereum now i also wanted to know that ethereum now i also wanted to know that ethereum. Is actually is actually is actually in the process of a major upgrade as in the process of a major upgrade as. In the process of a major upgrade as they're moving away from proof of work they're moving away from proof of work. They're moving away from proof of work towards proof of stake towards proof of stake. Towards proof of stake so while the intended so while the intended so while the intended. Proof of stake model actually has some proof of stake model actually has some proof of stake model actually has some. Better properties when it comes to better properties when it comes to better properties when it comes to. Securities and scalability in this securities and scalability in this securities and scalability in this. Talk we'll mostly focus on the current talk we'll mostly focus on the current talk we'll mostly focus on the current. State of ethereum state of ethereum state of ethereum and then so for seller it actually. And then so for seller it actually and then so for seller it actually used a completely different approach to. Used a completely different approach to used a completely different approach to consensus specifically it uses federated. Consensus specifically it uses federated consensus specifically it uses federated. Byzantine agreement which is implemented byzantine agreement which is implemented. Byzantine agreement which is implemented via the stellar consensus protocol to via the stellar consensus protocol to. Via the stellar consensus protocol to achieve consensus achieve consensus achieve consensus. So let's actually dive a little deeper so let's actually dive a little deeper so let's actually dive a little deeper. And and and try to understand what different try to understand what different try to understand what different. Differentiates all these consensus differentiates all these consensus differentiates all these consensus. Mechanisms mechanisms mechanisms so first i just want to kind of step so first i just want to kind of step. So first i just want to kind of step back and emphasize that a consensus back and emphasize that a consensus. Back and emphasize that a consensus mechanism is vital for the security of mechanism is vital for the security of. Mechanism is vital for the security of the blockchain it is essentially what the blockchain it is essentially what. The blockchain it is essentially what allows all the nodes on the blockchain allows all the nodes on the blockchain. Allows all the nodes on the blockchain to agree on something in a safe way to agree on something in a safe way. To agree on something in a safe way if nodes don't agree on transaction in a if nodes don't agree on transaction in a. If nodes don't agree on transaction in a safe way it opens up a possibility for safe way it opens up a possibility for. Safe way it opens up a possibility for double spend attack double spend attack double spend attack. So a double spend attack is essentially so a double spend attack is essentially so a double spend attack is essentially. Spending the same money twice a quick spending the same money twice a quick. Spending the same money twice a quick example here imagine paying five dollars. Example here imagine paying five dollars example here imagine paying five dollars. For parking but then spending the same for parking but then spending the same for parking but then spending the same. Five dollars to buy an ice cream so you five dollars to buy an ice cream so you five dollars to buy an ice cream so you. Received the goods for a total of value received the goods for a total of value received the goods for a total of value. Of ten dollars meaning that you got the of ten dollars meaning that you got the of ten dollars meaning that you got the. Parking space time and you got an ice parking space time and you got an ice parking space time and you got an ice. Cream yet you only paid five dollars for cream yet you only paid five dollars for. Cream yet you only paid five dollars for everything so consensus mechanisms want everything so consensus mechanisms want. Everything so consensus mechanisms want to ensure that to ensure that to ensure that. Such a scenario can happen such a scenario can happen such a scenario can happen so now let's dive a little deeper into. So now let's dive a little deeper into so now let's dive a little deeper into what a proof-of-work system is. What a proof-of-work system is what a proof-of-work system is so to reach consensus nodes need to. So to reach consensus nodes need to so to reach consensus nodes need to agree on transactions to confirm in the. Agree on transactions to confirm in the agree on transactions to confirm in the next block. Next block next block in proof-of-work systems each validator in proof-of-work systems each validator. In proof-of-work systems each validator solves a very difficult math problem solves a very difficult math problem. Solves a very difficult math problem that requires a lot of computational that requires a lot of computational. That requires a lot of computational resources it is also proven that resources it is also proven that. Resources it is also proven that there's no shortcuts to the solution so there's no shortcuts to the solution so. There's no shortcuts to the solution so the only way to get to the right answer the only way to get to the right answer. The only way to get to the right answer is to actually perform the computation is to actually perform the computation. Is to actually perform the computation i.e show the proof of work i.e show the proof of work. I.e show the proof of work so validators so validators so validators the first validator that solves that. The first validator that solves that the first validator that solves that problem essentially gets to create the. Problem essentially gets to create the problem essentially gets to create the next block. Next block next block and then validators that create creates and then validators that create creates. And then validators that create creates that block they broadcast it to everyone that block they broadcast it to everyone. That block they broadcast it to everyone else on a network else on a network else on a network. So as other nodes on the network so as other nodes on the network so as other nodes on the network. Discover the new block they basically discover the new block they basically discover the new block they basically. Accept it accept it accept it since it's it's essentially a longer since it's it's essentially a longer. Since it's it's essentially a longer chain and then once they accept it they chain and then once they accept it they. Chain and then once they accept it they can start working on the next block on can start working on the next block on. Can start working on the next block on top of that newly created block top of that newly created block. Top of that newly created block so here again i want to kind of so here again i want to kind of. So here again i want to kind of emphasize that validators on the network emphasize that validators on the network. Emphasize that validators on the network accept the longest chain so accept the longest chain so. Accept the longest chain so if the validator is first to mine the if the validator is first to mine the. If the validator is first to mine the block it basically creates that longer block it basically creates that longer. Block it basically creates that longer chain that is later discovered and chain that is later discovered and. Chain that is later discovered and accepted by others accepted by others accepted by others. So another thing about proof-of-work is so another thing about proof-of-work is so another thing about proof-of-work is. That validators are incentivized to that validators are incentivized to that validators are incentivized to. Participate in the block creation that participate in the block creation that participate in the block creation that. We just discussed because they receive we just discussed because they receive we just discussed because they receive. Monetary rewards in the form of coins monetary rewards in the form of coins monetary rewards in the form of coins. For producing these new blocks and you for producing these new blocks and you for producing these new blocks and you. Might have heard about about this this might have heard about about this this might have heard about about this this. Process is called mining and it's very process is called mining and it's very process is called mining and it's very. Popular so now let's shift gears a little bit so now let's shift gears a little bit. And talk about how stellar approaches and talk about how stellar approaches and talk about how stellar approaches. Consensus it's actually a completely consensus it's actually a completely consensus it's actually a completely. Different consensus mechanism because different consensus mechanism because different consensus mechanism because. There are no computationally heavy tasks there are no computationally heavy tasks. There are no computationally heavy tasks so instead nodes select other nodes on a. So instead nodes select other nodes on a so instead nodes select other nodes on a. Network that they trust network that they trust network that they trust and they exchange messages with those. And they exchange messages with those and they exchange messages with those nodes to agree on a set of transactions. Nodes to agree on a set of transactions nodes to agree on a set of transactions to confirm in a particular block and we. To confirm in a particular block and we to confirm in a particular block and we call these sets of trusted nodes quorum. Call these sets of trusted nodes quorum call these sets of trusted nodes quorum slices so. Slices so slices so let's unpack what quorum slices actually let's unpack what quorum slices actually. Let's unpack what quorum slices actually mean so to understand how consensus is so to understand how consensus is. Reached on stellar let's first look at reached on stellar let's first look at reached on stellar let's first look at. The examples of these quantum slices the examples of these quantum slices the examples of these quantum slices. That we just discussed so recall that a that we just discussed so recall that a that we just discussed so recall that a. Quorum slice is a set of nodes that a quorum slice is a set of nodes that a quorum slice is a set of nodes that a. Validator chooses to trust validator chooses to trust validator chooses to trust on the right we have a network of four. On the right we have a network of four on the right we have a network of four nodes a b c and d and we express trust. Nodes a b c and d and we express trust nodes a b c and d and we express trust relationship between these nodes. Relationship between these nodes relationship between these nodes with arrows so for example a has b and c. With arrows so for example a has b and c with arrows so for example a has b and c. In its quorum slice in its quorum slice in its quorum slice and another example is node b it has a c. And another example is node b it has a c and another example is node b it has a c. And d in its quorum slice and d in its quorum slice and d in its quorum slice so now that we know what quorum slices. So now that we know what quorum slices so now that we know what quorum slices are let's define quorum. Are let's define quorum are let's define quorum so so so quorum is a non-empty set of nodes that. Quorum is a non-empty set of nodes that quorum is a non-empty set of nodes that contains a slice for each member so for. Contains a slice for each member so for contains a slice for each member so for example a b and c is not a quorum why. Example a b and c is not a quorum why example a b and c is not a quorum why well because it actually does not. Well because it actually does not well because it actually does not contain a slice full slice for b and c. Contain a slice full slice for b and c contain a slice full slice for b and c if you look at the diagram. If you look at the diagram if you look at the diagram so you see that d is in the quorum slice. So you see that d is in the quorum slice so you see that d is in the quorum slice. For both b and c for both b and c for both b and c so it must be in the form on the other. So it must be in the form on the other so it must be in the form on the other hand a b c and d is a quorum because it. Hand a b c and d is a quorum because it hand a b c and d is a quorum because it includes a slice for each member. Includes a slice for each member includes a slice for each member so now that we know what quorum slices. So now that we know what quorum slices so now that we know what quorum slices and forms are the key detail of. And forms are the key detail of and forms are the key detail of consensus on stellar is that network the. Consensus on stellar is that network the consensus on stellar is that network the. Network only confirms a block if a network only confirms a block if a network only confirms a block if a. Quorum agrees on that block so it needs quorum agrees on that block so it needs quorum agrees on that block so it needs. The agreement of a whole quorum to the agreement of a whole quorum to the agreement of a whole quorum to. Confirm the transactions great so now that we've talked a little great so now that we've talked a little. Bit about consensus let's switch to bit about consensus let's switch to bit about consensus let's switch to. Open participation so open participation so open participation so what does it mean to have open. What does it mean to have open what does it mean to have open participation participation. Participation it means that there's no central it means that there's no central it means that there's no central. Authority allowing or preventing you authority allowing or preventing you authority allowing or preventing you. From participating on the network from participating on the network from participating on the network. Meaning that anyone can join and start meaning that anyone can join and start meaning that anyone can join and start. Validating transactions and validating transactions and validating transactions and. Participating in consensus and we wanted participating in consensus and we wanted. Participating in consensus and we wanted to include this feature because it's to include this feature because it's. To include this feature because it's just so vital for decentralization as just so vital for decentralization as. Just so vital for decentralization as and as you can see all three networks and as you can see all three networks. And as you can see all three networks have that but we thought it was have that but we thought it was. Have that but we thought it was important to include this feature as important to include this feature as. Important to include this feature as well well well all right cool so next we have some. All right cool so next we have some all right cool so next we have some key security properties to go over so as. Key security properties to go over so as key security properties to go over so as. You can see bitcoin and ethereum prefer you can see bitcoin and ethereum prefer you can see bitcoin and ethereum prefer. Liveness and stella prefers safety and liveness and stella prefers safety and liveness and stella prefers safety and. You're probably very confused because i you're probably very confused because i you're probably very confused because i. Haven't defined either liveness or haven't defined either liveness or haven't defined either liveness or. Safety so we're going to unpack this so we're not going to spend too much so we're not going to spend too much. Time on the actual computer science time on the actual computer science time on the actual computer science. Theory here but the most important theory here but the most important theory here but the most important. Important point that i want to convey is important point that i want to convey is. Important point that i want to convey is that there are three desired properties that there are three desired properties. That there are three desired properties that consensus mechanisms always want to that consensus mechanisms always want to. That consensus mechanisms always want to have so have so have so those are safety liveness and full. Those are safety liveness and full those are safety liveness and full tolerance what do they mean. Tolerance what do they mean tolerance what do they mean so safety is a guarantee that all nodes. So safety is a guarantee that all nodes so safety is a guarantee that all nodes produce the same block the same valid. Produce the same block the same valid produce the same block the same valid block meaning that nodes can't produce. Block meaning that nodes can't produce block meaning that nodes can't produce contradicting block blocks aliveness. Contradicting block blocks aliveness contradicting block blocks aliveness guarantees that nodes will eventually. Guarantees that nodes will eventually guarantees that nodes will eventually produce a new block and won't just hold. Produce a new block and won't just hold produce a new block and won't just hold and you know be not being unresponsive. And you know be not being unresponsive and you know be not being unresponsive and then finally fault tolerance ensures. And then finally fault tolerance ensures and then finally fault tolerance ensures. That the network can tolerate node that the network can tolerate node that the network can tolerate node. Failure so either nodes going down or failure so either nodes going down or failure so either nodes going down or. Actually becoming malicious and sending actually becoming malicious and sending actually becoming malicious and sending. Like conflicting messages to other nodes like conflicting messages to other nodes. Like conflicting messages to other nodes so in distributed systems it is proven so in distributed systems it is proven. So in distributed systems it is proven that you can only have two out of three that you can only have two out of three. That you can only have two out of three of these properties and typically of these properties and typically. Of these properties and typically consensus protocols always want to consensus protocols always want to. Consensus protocols always want to guarantee fault tolerance guarantee fault tolerance. Guarantee fault tolerance and because consensus protocols select and because consensus protocols select. And because consensus protocols select fault tolerance they're left with fault tolerance they're left with. Fault tolerance they're left with deciding between safety and lightness so deciding between safety and lightness so. Deciding between safety and lightness so what exactly happens when either safety what exactly happens when either safety. What exactly happens when either safety or liveness are selected or liveness are selected. Or liveness are selected so if we choose safety which guarantees so if we choose safety which guarantees. So if we choose safety which guarantees that all nodes will produce the same that all nodes will produce the same. That all nodes will produce the same block block block nodes will get stuck until they can they. Nodes will get stuck until they can they nodes will get stuck until they can they. Can all produce the same block remember can all produce the same block remember can all produce the same block remember. Safety means that nodes can't produce safety means that nodes can't produce safety means that nodes can't produce. Differing blocks differing blocks differing blocks on the other hand on the other hand. On the other hand if we choose liveness nodes choose to if we choose liveness nodes choose to. If we choose liveness nodes choose to produce a blog any blog produce a blog any blog. Produce a blog any blog meaning that they choose to stay alive meaning that they choose to stay alive. Meaning that they choose to stay alive but they may produce a block that will but they may produce a block that will. But they may produce a block that will later be overridden by a different block later be overridden by a different block. Later be overridden by a different block as network advances in consensus as network advances in consensus. As network advances in consensus so this this potentially invalid block so this this potentially invalid block. So this this potentially invalid block is actually what can open up a is actually what can open up a. Is actually what can open up a possibility for a a double spend attack possibility for a a double spend attack. Possibility for a a double spend attack and we'll look into example of this and we'll look into example of this. And we'll look into example of this a little bit closer in the next slide as a little bit closer in the next slide as. A little bit closer in the next slide as well yeah so let's see a visual example of. Yeah so let's see a visual example of how liveness is picked over safety so how liveness is picked over safety so. How liveness is picked over safety so here yeah each clipboard icon basically here yeah each clipboard icon basically. Here yeah each clipboard icon basically represents a block and represents a block and. Represents a block and so as new blocks are propagated on the so as new blocks are propagated on the. So as new blocks are propagated on the network network network nodes can learn about it at different. Nodes can learn about it at different nodes can learn about it at different speeds so it's actually possible for two. Speeds so it's actually possible for two speeds so it's actually possible for two. Blocks on the network to have a blocks on the network to have a blocks on the network to have a. Different view of the blockchain different view of the blockchain different view of the blockchain. So remember how nodes choose to follow so remember how nodes choose to follow so remember how nodes choose to follow. The longest chain in proof-of-work the longest chain in proof-of-work the longest chain in proof-of-work. Systems systems systems but what if some nodes haven't learned but what if some nodes haven't learned. But what if some nodes haven't learned about the longer chain yet so they about the longer chain yet so they. About the longer chain yet so they continue to follow the chain that continue to follow the chain that. Continue to follow the chain that they currently consider the longest and they currently consider the longest and. They currently consider the longest and this is how you can end up with a this is how you can end up with a. This is how you can end up with a different view of the blockchain as we different view of the blockchain as we. Different view of the blockchain as we try to show in in this example so on the other hand let's look at the. So on the other hand let's look at the network that prefers safety over network that prefers safety over. Network that prefers safety over liveness which is what stellar consensus liveness which is what stellar consensus. Liveness which is what stellar consensus protocol does so the important thing to protocol does so the important thing to. Protocol does so the important thing to realize here is that a split that we had realize here is that a split that we had. Realize here is that a split that we had in proof of work systems can actually in proof of work systems can actually. In proof of work systems can actually never happen because stellar consensus never happen because stellar consensus. Never happen because stellar consensus protocol prefers or chooses safety over protocol prefers or chooses safety over. Protocol prefers or chooses safety over liveness so instead liveness so instead liveness so instead. Nodes hold if they can't agree on the nodes hold if they can't agree on the nodes hold if they can't agree on the. Same block same block same block so if there is no quorum so if there is no quorum. So if there is no quorum that agrees on a particular block nodes that agrees on a particular block nodes. That agrees on a particular block nodes just hold and stop processing just hold and stop processing. Just hold and stop processing transactions so we just covered some important so we just covered some important. Security properties security properties security properties let's actually see how long it takes to. Let's actually see how long it takes to let's actually see how long it takes to confirm a transaction on these. Confirm a transaction on these confirm a transaction on these blockchains so every bitcoin block takes. Blockchains so every bitcoin block takes blockchains so every bitcoin block takes. About 10 minutes while ethereum about 10 minutes while ethereum about 10 minutes while ethereum. Blocks block is about 13 seconds note blocks block is about 13 seconds note. Blocks block is about 13 seconds note that we also included the number of that we also included the number of. That we also included the number of confirmations needed to consider the confirmations needed to consider the. Confirmations needed to consider the transaction final and this data is transaction final and this data is . Transaction final and this data is from from coinbase from from coinbase from from coinbase. So remember that in so remember that in so remember that in proof-of-work systems nodes continue. Proof-of-work systems nodes continue proof-of-work systems nodes continue producing blocks and as they discover. Producing blocks and as they discover producing blocks and as they discover newer blocks on the network they might. Newer blocks on the network they might newer blocks on the network they might switch to a longer chain potentially. Switch to a longer chain potentially switch to a longer chain potentially abandoning the previous chain they. Abandoning the previous chain they abandoning the previous chain they considered longest so because of this we. Considered longest so because of this we considered longest so because of this we. Typically want to wait for the typically want to wait for the typically want to wait for the. Network to confirm several blocks network to confirm several blocks network to confirm several blocks. After your transaction made it into a after your transaction made it into a after your transaction made it into a. Block so block so block so and this is needed to reduce the chances and this is needed to reduce the chances. And this is needed to reduce the chances of the network switching to another of the network switching to another. Of the network switching to another longer longer longer chain chain chain and so on coinbase . And so on coinbase and so on coinbase as you see in it in a in a table as you see in it in a in a table. As you see in it in a in a table users wait for three confirmations users wait for three confirmations . Users wait for three confirmations for a bitcoin transactions and on for a bitcoin transactions and on. For a bitcoin transactions and on ethereum it's a 35 confirmations ethereum it's a 35 confirmations. Ethereum it's a 35 confirmations so so so this is completely different on stellar. This is completely different on stellar this is completely different on stellar there's actually no need to wait. there's actually no need to wait there's actually no need to wait because because. Because exactly because of the feature that we exactly because of the feature that we. Exactly because of the feature that we just described in the previous slide just described in the previous slide. Just described in the previous slide where stellar prefers safety over where stellar prefers safety over. Where stellar prefers safety over liveness liveness liveness so because the agreement of the whole. So because the agreement of the whole so because the agreement of the whole quorum is needed in order to produce a. Quorum is needed in order to produce a quorum is needed in order to produce a block once a block is produced. Block once a block is produced block once a block is produced operators can be sure that the block. Operators can be sure that the block operators can be sure that the block won't later be revoked so once it's. Won't later be revoked so once it's won't later be revoked so once it's confirmed it's confirmed. Confirmed it's confirmed confirmed it's confirmed and on stellar and on stellar and on stellar. A block is produced every five seconds a block is produced every five seconds a block is produced every five seconds. And and and only one confirmation is needed to deem only one confirmation is needed to deem. Only one confirmation is needed to deem the transaction final the transaction final. The transaction final exactly for the reasons that we just exactly for the reasons that we just. Exactly for the reasons that we just described okay so now let's also okay so now let's also. Look at the average transaction cost so look at the average transaction cost so look at the average transaction cost so. Again we averaged the data over the past again we averaged the data over the past. Again we averaged the data over the past 12 months 12 months 12 months as you can see it's quite different acro. As you can see it's quite different acro as you can see it's quite different acro. Across these networks and i just across these networks and i just across these networks and i just. Also wanted to kind of point out that also wanted to kind of point out that . Also wanted to kind of point out that this fees fluctuate is they depend a lot. This fees fluctuate is they depend a lot this fees fluctuate is they depend a lot. On how much competition there is for on how much competition there is for on how much competition there is for. A particular transaction to be included a particular transaction to be included a particular transaction to be included. In the block but kind of the most in the block but kind of the most in the block but kind of the most. Important point that that i want to make important point that that i want to make. Important point that that i want to make here is that is the order of magnitude here is that is the order of magnitude. Here is that is the order of magnitude difference between stellar and these difference between stellar and these. Difference between stellar and these other networks despite the fact that other networks despite the fact that. Other networks despite the fact that these fees fluctuate all right so all right so. Now let's talk about sustainability now let's talk about sustainability now let's talk about sustainability. so as you can see proof-of-work so as you can see proof-of-work so as you can see proof-of-work. Systems require high energy consumption systems require high energy consumption systems require high energy consumption. and energy consumption on stellar is and energy consumption on stellar is and energy consumption on stellar is. Quite low and why is quite low and why is quite low and why is that so remember how we said that in. That so remember how we said that in that so remember how we said that in proof-of-work systems nodes try to solve. Proof-of-work systems nodes try to solve proof-of-work systems nodes try to solve. A heavy computational task as fast as a heavy computational task as fast as a heavy computational task as fast as. They can they can they can so this is directly related to energy so this is directly related to energy. So this is directly related to energy impact so heavy computational tasks impact so heavy computational tasks. Impact so heavy computational tasks require a lot of cpu require a lot of cpu require a lot of cpu. Which in turn requires a lot of power which in turn requires a lot of power which in turn requires a lot of power. And in proof-of-work systems and in proof-of-work systems and in proof-of-work systems. Validators are essentially incentivized validators are essentially incentivized validators are essentially incentivized. To have high quality hardware that uses to have high quality hardware that uses to have high quality hardware that uses. A lot of power in order to increase a lot of power in order to increase a lot of power in order to increase. Their chances of producing the next their chances of producing the next their chances of producing the next. Block block block this is different on stellar so because this is different on stellar so because. This is different on stellar so because stellar does not require computationally stellar does not require computationally. Stellar does not require computationally intensive operations to reach consensus intensive operations to reach consensus. Intensive operations to reach consensus and instead it has and instead it has and instead it has. Nodes establish trust relationship with nodes establish trust relationship with nodes establish trust relationship with. Each other and just exchange messages to each other and just exchange messages to. Each other and just exchange messages to reach consensus reach consensus reach consensus. This can actually be done on the very this can actually be done on the very this can actually be done on the very. Modest hardware and it does not require modest hardware and it does not require modest hardware and it does not require. A lot of power all right so we just talked a lot about all right so we just talked a lot about. A lot of things and the final feature a lot of things and the final feature a lot of things and the final feature. That i want to talk about is resistance that i want to talk about is resistance that i want to talk about is resistance. To 51 attacks so what are these attacks to 51 attacks so what are these attacks to 51 attacks so what are these attacks. so again remember that proof of work so again remember that proof of work so again remember that proof of work. Systems nodes that solve a systems nodes that solve a systems nodes that solve a computationally heavy task they get to. Computationally heavy task they get to computationally heavy task they get to produce the next block. Produce the next block produce the next block so this is also directly related to how. So this is also directly related to how so this is also directly related to how much computational power a validator has. Much computational power a validator has much computational power a validator has. If a validator has a lot of if a validator has a lot of if a validator has a lot of. Computational power it is more likely to computational power it is more likely to. Computational power it is more likely to win the block race and have the network win the block race and have the network. Win the block race and have the network accept that block this means that if validators. This means that if validators with over 50 percent of the computing with over 50 percent of the computing. With over 50 percent of the computing power become malicious they have the power become malicious they have the. Power become malicious they have the ability to take over the network and ability to take over the network and. Ability to take over the network and dictate every subsequent block dictate every subsequent block. Dictate every subsequent block so as an example if a top few miners in so as an example if a top few miners in. So as an example if a top few miners in a bitcoin network colluded or a bitcoin network colluded or. A bitcoin network colluded or for example a large government felt for example a large government felt. For example a large government felt threatened by bitcoin and invested a lot threatened by bitcoin and invested a lot. Threatened by bitcoin and invested a lot of resources into mining rigs the of resources into mining rigs the. Of resources into mining rigs the network could be taken over network could be taken over. Network could be taken over so on stellar such an attack is not so on stellar such an attack is not. So on stellar such an attack is not possible because computing power is not possible because computing power is not. Possible because computing power is not a feature of consensus a feature of consensus. A feature of consensus on stellar nodes choose other nodes that on stellar nodes choose other nodes that. On stellar nodes choose other nodes that they trust to decide which transactions they trust to decide which transactions. They trust to decide which transactions to confirm in the blog to confirm in the blog. To confirm in the blog nodes do not accept the block based on nodes do not accept the block based on. Nodes do not accept the block based on computational power so this means that computational power so this means that. Computational power so this means that even if an attacker adds a million nodes even if an attacker adds a million nodes. Even if an attacker adds a million nodes to the network this will not impact to the network this will not impact. To the network this will not impact consensus as long as nodes in network do consensus as long as nodes in network do. Consensus as long as nodes in network do not add those malicious nodes to the not add those malicious nodes to the. Not add those malicious nodes to the quorum slices quorum slices quorum slices and so usually nodes on stellar add. And so usually nodes on stellar add and so usually nodes on stellar add organizations that they trust to the. Organizations that they trust to the organizations that they trust to the aquarium slices so this means an. Aquarium slices so this means an aquarium slices so this means an attacker will need to convince other. Attacker will need to convince other attacker will need to convince other nodes nodes. Nodes to you know on the network to add to you know on the network to add to you know on the network to add. Attackers nodes to the quorum sizes attackers nodes to the quorum sizes attackers nodes to the quorum sizes. Which which which can be difficult all right great so to summarize the all right great so to summarize the. Stellar consensus protocol is a stellar consensus protocol is a stellar consensus protocol is a. Federated byzantine agreement which federated byzantine agreement which federated byzantine agreement which. Allows for open membership to support allows for open membership to support allows for open membership to support. Growing decentralization growing decentralization growing decentralization it has low latency which allows fast. It has low latency which allows fast it has low latency which allows fast transaction times. Transaction times transaction times it is resistant to malicious actors and it is resistant to malicious actors and. It is resistant to malicious actors and 51 attacks and it prefers safety over 51 attacks and it prefers safety over. 51 attacks and it prefers safety over liveness to prevent forks liveness to prevent forks. Liveness to prevent forks and i know i just said a bunch of things and i know i just said a bunch of things. And i know i just said a bunch of things i'm going to stop here and see if there i'm going to stop here and see if there. I'm going to stop here and see if there are any questions before giving back to are any questions before giving back to. Are any questions before giving back to justin any takers any questions about consensus. Any takers any questions about consensus protocols about the stellar consensus protocols about the stellar consensus. Protocols about the stellar consensus protocol i'm always thinking that i'm always thinking that. I trip over federated byzantine i trip over federated byzantine i trip over federated byzantine. Agreement system sometime and i'm like agreement system sometime and i'm like agreement system sometime and i'm like. Oh we should i want to call proof of vote or i want to call proof of vote or something. Something something that's not a question shy students if that's not a question shy students if. That's not a question shy students if you have questions sometimes they put you have questions sometimes they put. You have questions sometimes they put them in the chat too marta oh yeah them in the chat too marta oh yeah. Them in the chat too marta oh yeah right we can do chat as well oh somebody right we can do chat as well oh somebody. Right we can do chat as well oh somebody really encourage you guys to ask really encourage you guys to ask. Really encourage you guys to ask questions questions questions yes yeah hi i was wondering if so if. Yes yeah hi i was wondering if so if yes yeah hi i was wondering if so if when you're talking about security or. When you're talking about security or when you're talking about security or safety versus liveness like how does. Safety versus liveness like how does safety versus liveness like how does seller have low isn't that what's the. Seller have low isn't that what's the seller have low isn't that what's the benefit of live of like liveliness if. Benefit of live of like liveliness if benefit of live of like liveliness if the speed for transactions is still. The speed for transactions is still the speed for transactions is still faster on like stellar like why would. Faster on like stellar like why would faster on like stellar like why would anyone choose to value liveliness. Anyone choose to value liveliness anyone choose to value liveliness i i think it's just that those. i i think it's just that those i i think it's just that those consensus protocols are like completely. Consensus protocols are like completely consensus protocols are like completely different like so on stellar for. Different like so on stellar for different like so on stellar for example yeah you prefer safety but then. Example yeah you prefer safety but then example yeah you prefer safety but then you have to also select your quorum set. You have to also select your quorum set you have to also select your quorum set correctly and make sure that it's. Correctly and make sure that it's correctly and make sure that it's actually configured correctly which can. Actually configured correctly which can actually configured correctly which can be sometimes like difficult and so like. Be sometimes like difficult and so like be sometimes like difficult and so like you know on this proof of work systems i. You know on this proof of work systems i you know on this proof of work systems i. Think that's just like a feature of think that's just like a feature of think that's just like a feature of. Consensus consensus consensus yeah because you know this yeah because you know this. Yeah because you know this you can basically have like you can basically have like. You can basically have like multiple chains at the same time and multiple chains at the same time and. Multiple chains at the same time and because it's a distributed system and because it's a distributed system and. Because it's a distributed system and you know these computers need to learn you know these computers need to learn. You know these computers need to learn about these different chains on the about these different chains on the. About these different chains on the proof of work system then they can proof of work system then they can. Proof of work system then they can have like a partial view have like a partial view . Have like a partial view of the network at the time so of the network at the time so. Of the network at the time so i i'm not sure that well you know one thing i i sometimes. Well you know one thing i i sometimes think about with stellar is like the think about with stellar is like the. Think about with stellar is like the validators on the network are known validators on the network are known. Validators on the network are known entities so as smart to point it out entities so as smart to point it out. Entities so as smart to point it out like they have to trust one another they like they have to trust one another they. Like they have to trust one another they have to have to have to opt into adding entities to their quorum. Opt into adding entities to their quorum opt into adding entities to their quorum. Set they know who those people are set they know who those people are set they know who those people are. And so when you value and so when you value and so when you value safe safety right if the network. Safe safety right if the network safe safety right if the network halts what that means is that. Halts what that means is that halts what that means is that remember it's a decentralized network. Remember it's a decentralized network remember it's a decentralized network nobody has the ability to turn it off no. Nobody has the ability to turn it off no nobody has the ability to turn it off no. One can just turn it back on either one can just turn it back on either one can just turn it back on either. Right like you actually have to right like you actually have to right like you actually have to. Coordinate validators if a network holds coordinate validators if a network holds. Coordinate validators if a network holds and so i almost also think that like one. And so i almost also think that like one and so i almost also think that like one. Feature one necessity for like a network feature one necessity for like a network. Feature one necessity for like a network that does value safety over liveness is that does value safety over liveness is. That does value safety over liveness is that validators have to be able to find that validators have to be able to find. That validators have to be able to find one another right to restart the network one another right to restart the network. One another right to restart the network if something goes wrong and i think on a. If something goes wrong and i think on a if something goes wrong and i think on a. Lot of like in in networks that are lot of like in in networks that are lot of like in in networks that are. Proof of work where miners are basically proof of work where miners are basically. Proof of work where miners are basically like anonymous like anonymous like anonymous. i don't even know if that would be i don't even know if that would be i don't even know if that would be. Possible yeah and i think like because stellar yeah and i think like because stellar. Was designed for payments like it was was designed for payments like it was was designed for payments like it was. Really important then if you know if really important then if you know if really important then if you know if. Something happens like some kind of something happens like some kind of something happens like some kind of. Split on the network like everybody just split on the network like everybody just. Split on the network like everybody just stops you know there's there's no stops you know there's there's no. Stops you know there's there's no kind of forking and continuing to kind of forking and continuing to. Kind of forking and continuing to different views of the world if different views of the world if. Different views of the world if nobody can agree on one view of the nobody can agree on one view of the. Nobody can agree on one view of the world everybody just holds so it's kind world everybody just holds so it's kind. World everybody just holds so it's kind of like a important feature given how of like a important feature given how. Of like a important feature given how the network is used you know like for the network is used you know like for. The network is used you know like for payments for cross-border payments payments for cross-border payments . Payments for cross-border payments and like assets thank you marta that was awesome all. Thank you marta that was awesome all right i'm going okay i'm picking it up and i'm talking. Okay i'm picking it up and i'm talking about open source contribution so about open source contribution so. About open source contribution so all of that that martin talked about is all of that that martin talked about is. All of that that martin talked about is super awesome that is there is a code super awesome that is there is a code. Super awesome that is there is a code base that sort of all these nodes run base that sort of all these nodes run. Base that sort of all these nodes run that allow them to run to sort of that allow them to run to sort of. That allow them to run to sort of talk to one another to vote to come to talk to one another to vote to come to. Talk to one another to vote to come to consensus to ratify transactions consensus to ratify transactions. Consensus to ratify transactions and a fundamental ethos behind the and a fundamental ethos behind the. And a fundamental ethos behind the development of that code base and it's development of that code base and it's. Development of that code base and it's part of what makes me love sdf is that part of what makes me love sdf is that. Part of what makes me love sdf is that it's open source right anyone can review it's open source right anyone can review. It's open source right anyone can review the code anyone can contribute to the the code anyone can contribute to the. The code anyone can contribute to the code no one owes the owns the code right code no one owes the owns the code right. Code no one owes the owns the code right it's open it's free it's participatory it's open it's free it's participatory. It's open it's free it's participatory you listening can join the good fight you listening can join the good fight. You listening can join the good fight today you can work on the code all you today you can work on the code all you. Today you can work on the code all you need is a github account need is a github account. Need is a github account there's a wide world of innovative there's a wide world of innovative. there's a wide world of innovative stellar developers and while many of stellar developers and while many of. Stellar developers and while many of them are focused on building their own them are focused on building their own. Them are focused on building their own apps and services that make use of the apps and services that make use of the. Apps and services that make use of the network which we'll talk about in a network which we'll talk about in a. Network which we'll talk about in a second the sort of application layer second the sort of application layer. Second the sort of application layer many are also contributing to helping many are also contributing to helping. Many are also contributing to helping evolve the software that powers the evolve the software that powers the. Evolve the software that powers the network itself network itself network itself and that software that powers the. And that software that powers the and that software that powers the network it never sits still it's. Network it never sits still it's network it never sits still it's constantly being iterated improved on. Constantly being iterated improved on constantly being iterated improved on worked on in order to fulfill the needs. Worked on in order to fulfill the needs worked on in order to fulfill the needs of the ecosystem including all the. Of the ecosystem including all the of the ecosystem including all the projects that are built to the. Projects that are built to the projects that are built to the application level application level. Application level so here's a question if you have this so here's a question if you have this. So here's a question if you have this code base and it's evolving and no one code base and it's evolving and no one. Code base and it's evolving and no one owns it well how does it evolve and i'm owns it well how does it evolve and i'm. Owns it well how does it evolve and i'm going to talk about that quickly two going to talk about that quickly two. Going to talk about that quickly two main ways main ways main ways core advancement proposals and stellar. Core advancement proposals and stellar core advancement proposals and stellar ecosystem proposals bear with me here. Ecosystem proposals bear with me here ecosystem proposals bear with me here court advancement proposals caps this is. Court advancement proposals caps this is court advancement proposals caps this is. A method that we sort of came up with a method that we sort of came up with a method that we sort of came up with. The foundation actually i don't even the foundation actually i don't even the foundation actually i don't even. Know who started it but at this point it know who started it but at this point it. Know who started it but at this point it is a codified process to allow is a codified process to allow. Is a codified process to allow contribution to come in and amend and contribution to come in and amend and. Contribution to come in and amend and update the code that runs stellar core update the code that runs stellar core. Update the code that runs stellar core that martin talked about so coordinates that martin talked about so coordinates. That martin talked about so coordinates my proposals they're suggested changes my proposals they're suggested changes. My proposals they're suggested changes to the protocol of stellar they have a to the protocol of stellar they have a. To the protocol of stellar they have a direct effect on how the network direct effect on how the network. Direct effect on how the network operates they're about 40 plus of operates they're about 40 plus of. Operates they're about 40 plus of them them them each one outlines a specific change and. Each one outlines a specific change and each one outlines a specific change and they're used to add new features to the. They're used to add new features to the they're used to add new features to the network itself so a recent example is. Network itself so a recent example is network itself so a recent example is one called feedback transactions which. One called feedback transactions which one called feedback transactions which allows fees to be paid by any account on. Allows fees to be paid by any account on allows fees to be paid by any account on. The network and it enables an the network and it enables an the network and it enables an. Application to cover its users application to cover its users application to cover its users. Transaction fees now network fees are transaction fees now network fees are transaction fees now network fees are. Handled at the protocol level so this handled at the protocol level so this handled at the protocol level so this. New feature it required a new operation new feature it required a new operation new feature it required a new operation. To be built into the protocol and that's to be built into the protocol and that's. To be built into the protocol and that's why it had to be implemented in stellar why it had to be implemented in stellar. Why it had to be implemented in stellar core and that's why it was a cap core and that's why it was a cap. Core and that's why it was a cap according proposal according proposal according proposal. Had to be done that one incidentally we had to be done that one incidentally we had to be done that one incidentally we. Just added automated market making just added automated market making just added automated market making. Functionality to stellar core cap 38. Functionality to stellar core cap 38. Functionality to stellar core cap 38. I'm not gonna get into it right now but i'm not gonna get into it right now but i'm not gonna get into it right now but. It was super cool it was super cool it was super cool two weeks ago two weeks ago. Two weeks ago so caps they have a life cycle right so caps they have a life cycle right. so caps they have a life cycle right it's it's it's a multi-step process to it's it's it's a multi-step process to. It's it's it's a multi-step process to ensure it's high quality and backwards ensure it's high quality and backwards. Ensure it's high quality and backwards compatible for cap to be qualified compatible for cap to be qualified. Compatible for cap to be qualified classified as final and go live on the classified as final and go live on the. Classified as final and go live on the network it has to go through all these network it has to go through all these. Network it has to go through all these stages has to be implemented in the code stages has to be implemented in the code. Stages has to be implemented in the code but then fundamentally before it but then fundamentally before it. But then fundamentally before it actually hits the network it has to be actually hits the network it has to be. Actually hits the network it has to be accepted by a majority of the network accepted by a majority of the network. Accepted by a majority of the network validators validators vote on the validators validators vote on the. Validators validators vote on the protocol number the network runs using protocol number the network runs using. Protocol number the network runs using the same stellar consensus protocol they the same stellar consensus protocol they. The same stellar consensus protocol they use to ratify transactions so governance. Use to ratify transactions so governance use to ratify transactions so governance. Wise anyone can contribute to code wise anyone can contribute to code wise anyone can contribute to code. Code can be implemented but before it is code can be implemented but before it is. Code can be implemented but before it is actually adopted the network has to give. Actually adopted the network has to give actually adopted the network has to give. It the thumbs up it the thumbs up it the thumbs up now that's different that count process. Now that's different that count process now that's different that count process is different than the other kinds of. Is different than the other kinds of is different than the other kinds of standards that live outside of the. Standards that live outside of the standards that live outside of the stellar code stellar eco system. Stellar code stellar eco system stellar code stellar eco system proposals seps for short these deal with. Proposals seps for short these deal with proposals seps for short these deal with. Changes to the standards and methods changes to the standards and methods changes to the standards and methods. Used to build on top of the network used to build on top of the network used to build on top of the network. Again there are 40 plus of these for again there are 40 plus of these for again there are 40 plus of these for. Various purposes they're labeled by various purposes they're labeled by various purposes they're labeled by. Numbers numbers numbers these don't alter the stellar code but these don't alter the stellar code but. These don't alter the stellar code but they are technical blueprints that allow they are technical blueprints that allow. They are technical blueprints that allow developers to agree on how services developers to agree on how services. Developers to agree on how services using the network should be implemented using the network should be implemented. Using the network should be implemented to allow for maximum interoperability to allow for maximum interoperability. To allow for maximum interoperability so basically a lot of the times these so basically a lot of the times these. So basically a lot of the times these say here's how to set up an extra say here's how to set up an extra. Say here's how to set up an extra network api network api network api there they detail like sort of two sides. There they detail like sort of two sides there they detail like sort of two sides. Of an interaction server side how to of an interaction server side how to of an interaction server side how to. Create the api the client side how to create the api the client side how to create the api the client side how to. Consume the api consume the api consume the api again they also follow a a a life cycle. Again they also follow a a a life cycle again they also follow a a a life cycle from draft to final. From draft to final from draft to final i'm going to give you an example so this i'm going to give you an example so this. I'm going to give you an example so this is less abstract step 31 is a standard is less abstract step 31 is a standard. Is less abstract step 31 is a standard that allows businesses to make compliant that allows businesses to make compliant. That allows businesses to make compliant cross-border payments on behalf of two cross-border payments on behalf of two. Cross-border payments on behalf of two users so imagine a user wants to make a users so imagine a user wants to make a. Users so imagine a user wants to make a traditional remittance payment right traditional remittance payment right. Traditional remittance payment right they log into admittance providers they log into admittance providers. They log into admittance providers website they provide funds and they website they provide funds and they. Website they provide funds and they enter information about the recipient enter information about the recipient. Enter information about the recipient and they want to have the money just and they want to have the money just. And they want to have the money just show up in the recipients account they show up in the recipients account they. Show up in the recipients account they don't even know they're using stellar don't even know they're using stellar. Don't even know they're using stellar but they're working with companies that but they're working with companies that. But they're working with companies that have integrated stellar on the back end have integrated stellar on the back end. Have integrated stellar on the back end so to complete the to complete the so to complete the to complete the. So to complete the to complete the transaction and comply with regulations transaction and comply with regulations. Transaction and comply with regulations the remittance provider they actually the remittance provider they actually. The remittance provider they actually need to know the recipient's bank need to know the recipient's bank. Need to know the recipient's bank account and routing number and they need account and routing number and they need. Account and routing number and they need to collect kyc information about the to collect kyc information about the. To collect kyc information about the recipient recipient recipient and to do all that they're receiving and. And to do all that they're receiving and and to do all that they're receiving and. They need to share it with the receiving they need to share it with the receiving. They need to share it with the receiving party right so party right so party right so. there isn't a direct path between two there isn't a direct path between two. there isn't a direct path between two yet user stellar account on network and yet user stellar account on network and. Yet user stellar account on network and so instead the anchors so instead the anchors. So instead the anchors will create use a sep to create these will create use a sep to create these. Will create use a sep to create these extra network apis that allow them to extra network apis that allow them to. Extra network apis that allow them to share kyc information okay that was sort of a lot again that. Okay that was sort of a lot again that was the code marta talked about the was the code marta talked about the. Was the code marta talked about the actual consensus protocol those two actual consensus protocol those two. Actual consensus protocol those two things steps and caps were the ways that things steps and caps were the ways that. Things steps and caps were the ways that the code evolves the code evolves the code evolves. but in truth but in truth but in truth interacting with stellar is actually. Interacting with stellar is actually interacting with stellar is actually quite simple and because we're actually. Quite simple and because we're actually quite simple and because we're actually going to move way up the stack now so. Going to move way up the stack now so going to move way up the stack now so most developers who are building on. Most developers who are building on most developers who are building on stellar they aren't necessarily working. Stellar they aren't necessarily working stellar they aren't necessarily working caps or seps they aren't necessarily. Caps or seps they aren't necessarily caps or seps they aren't necessarily thinking about the protocol level or. Thinking about the protocol level or thinking about the protocol level or interacting with stellar core in the raw. Interacting with stellar core in the raw interacting with stellar core in the raw. Every day they're using an sdk a every day they're using an sdk a every day they're using an sdk a. Software development kit in their software development kit in their software development kit in their. Preferred language and those sdks are preferred language and those sdks are preferred language and those sdks are. Interacting with a network api called interacting with a network api called interacting with a network api called. Horizon horizon horizon so this three-tiered stack of so this three-tiered stack of. So this three-tiered stack of responsibilities it sort of divides responsibilities it sort of divides. Responsibilities it sort of divides things so that each piece of software things so that each piece of software. Things so that each piece of software can focus on its specific purpose right can focus on its specific purpose right. Can focus on its specific purpose right stellar core concentrates on transaction stellar core concentrates on transaction. Stellar core concentrates on transaction submission and consensus submission and consensus. Submission and consensus horizon provides an ergonomic interface horizon provides an ergonomic interface. Horizon provides an ergonomic interface to allow people to submit to to actually to allow people to submit to to actually. To allow people to submit to to actually interact with the network and sdks kind interact with the network and sdks kind. Interact with the network and sdks kind of abstract away the complexity in a of abstract away the complexity in a. Of abstract away the complexity in a variety of different languages variety of different languages. Variety of different languages so when you're developing on stellar you so when you're developing on stellar you. So when you're developing on stellar you can for the most part kind of not think can for the most part kind of not think. Can for the most part kind of not think about what's going on in the hood at about what's going on in the hood at. About what's going on in the hood at least not all the time and you can just least not all the time and you can just. Least not all the time and you can just use an intuitive rest api to submit use an intuitive rest api to submit. Use an intuitive rest api to submit transactions query network data transactions query network data. Transactions query network data it's actually pretty cool it's actually pretty cool. It's actually pretty cool but again that feels a bit but again that feels a bit but again that feels a bit. Abstract so let's make it concrete abstract so let's make it concrete abstract so let's make it concrete . We actually have a thing called the we actually have a thing called the we actually have a thing called the. Stellar laboratory this is a handy tool stellar laboratory this is a handy tool stellar laboratory this is a handy tool. That you can use to build sign and that you can use to build sign and that you can use to build sign and. Submit transactions to the network and submit transactions to the network and submit transactions to the network and. You can use it to query all the api you can use it to query all the api you can use it to query all the api. Endpoints endpoints endpoints and to understand what that means and and to understand what that means and. and to understand what that means and how to use it we're going to do how to use it we're going to do. How to use it we're going to do something quickly right now i hope this something quickly right now i hope this. Something quickly right now i hope this works we're going to issue an asset so works we're going to issue an asset so. Works we're going to issue an asset so we're going to do it on the test net we're going to do it on the test net. We're going to do it on the test net which is the development sandbox for which is the development sandbox for. Which is the development sandbox for stellar it's just like the main public stellar it's just like the main public. Stellar it's just like the main public network but it's not connected to network but it's not connected to. Network but it's not connected to real-world money so this is the process real-world money so this is the process. Real-world money so this is the process for issuing an asset for issuing an asset. For issuing an asset on the test net it would be the same for on the test net it would be the same for. On the test net it would be the same for the real network quick overview okay and. The real network quick overview okay and the real network quick overview okay and. Issuing an asset requires a number of issuing an asset requires a number of issuing an asset requires a number of. Steps and the basic way to do this which steps and the basic way to do this which. Steps and the basic way to do this which is covered in the developer docs the is covered in the developer docs the. Is covered in the developer docs the easiest way to do this is to create two easiest way to do this is to create two. Easiest way to do this is to create two accounts one is an issuing account and accounts one is an issuing account and. Accounts one is an issuing account and one is a distribution account because in one is a distribution account because in. One is a distribution account because in order to issue an asset on stellar one order to issue an asset on stellar one. Order to issue an asset on stellar one account has to trust the other to give account has to trust the other to give. Account has to trust the other to give it the asset and then that account has it the asset and then that account has. It the asset and then that account has to make the payment this might seem to make the payment this might seem. To make the payment this might seem weird but you'll see what it looks like weird but you'll see what it looks like. Weird but you'll see what it looks like in action and so i'm going to now in action and so i'm going to now. In action and so i'm going to now open stellar laboratory let's see open stellar laboratory let's see. Open stellar laboratory let's see are you seeing stellar laboratory are you seeing stellar laboratory. Are you seeing stellar laboratory okay this is stellar laboratory and as okay this is stellar laboratory and as. Okay this is stellar laboratory and as you can see it's on the test network you can see it's on the test network. You can see it's on the test network i first want to create two i first want to create two. I first want to create two new new new stellar accounts so this is what we will stellar accounts so this is what we will. Stellar accounts so this is what we will call the issuing account it's really crazy. It's really crazy and then because in real life you would and then because in real life you would. And then because in real life you would need to actually fund this every stellar need to actually fund this every stellar. Need to actually fund this every stellar account requires a minimum balance of account requires a minimum balance of. Account requires a minimum balance of lumens in order to exist on the ledger lumens in order to exist on the ledger. Lumens in order to exist on the ledger to prevent spam in real life you'd have to prevent spam in real life you'd have. To prevent spam in real life you'd have to fund it with real lumens but again to fund it with real lumens but again. To fund it with real lumens but again we're on the test network so i can just we're on the test network so i can just. We're on the test network so i can just get test network lumens now this account get test network lumens now this account. Get test network lumens now this account has its minimum balance that is my has its minimum balance that is my. Has its minimum balance that is my issuing account i'm generating a second issuing account i'm generating a second. Issuing account i'm generating a second account this would be the distribution account this would be the distribution. Account this would be the distribution account account account okay saving these on a. Saving these on a handy spreadsheet in reality you would handy spreadsheet in reality you would. Handy spreadsheet in reality you would be very careful with these keys be very careful with these keys. Be very careful with these keys and again i've and again i've and again i've. Generated that key pair that i need to fund it and so that i need to fund it and so. Again this is stellar laboratory and again this is stellar laboratory and again this is stellar laboratory and. What i've just done is created two new what i've just done is created two new what i've just done is created two new. Accounts but as you can see up here at accounts but as you can see up here at accounts but as you can see up here at. The top there's all these different tabs the top there's all these different tabs. The top there's all these different tabs that you can use to actually that you can use to actually. That you can use to actually understand what's going on on the seller understand what's going on on the seller. Understand what's going on on the seller network you can actually build sign network you can actually build sign. Network you can actually build sign submit transaction and explore endpoints submit transaction and explore endpoints. Submit transaction and explore endpoints so to start with we're just going to so to start with we're just going to. So to start with we're just going to build a couple of transactions and what build a couple of transactions and what. Build a couple of transactions and what we're essentially doing is we're taking we're essentially doing is we're taking. We're essentially doing is we're taking that second account that we created that second account that we created. That second account that we created which is the distribution account i'm adding it here i say fetch the next. I'm adding it here i say fetch the next sequence number i set the fee sequence number i set the fee. Sequence number i set the fee i'm not going to worry about time i'm not going to worry about time. I'm not going to worry about time balance but this is me constructing a balance but this is me constructing a. Balance but this is me constructing a transaction and the operation type is transaction and the operation type is. Transaction and the operation type is going to be change trust going to be change trust. Going to be change trust so to change trust i'm going to so to change trust i'm going to. So to change trust i'm going to basically basically basically believe in an asset that exists called. Believe in an asset that exists called believe in an asset that exists called you shy that is actually issued by the. You shy that is actually issued by the you shy that is actually issued by the issuing account so again what i'm doing. Issuing account so again what i'm doing issuing account so again what i'm doing here is with the distribution account. Here is with the distribution account here is with the distribution account i'm trusting the issuer account for an. I'm trusting the issuer account for an i'm trusting the issuer account for an asset called you shy i'm basically. Asset called you shy i'm basically asset called you shy i'm basically going to see that i have generated the. Going to see that i have generated the going to see that i have generated the right transaction envelope. Right transaction envelope right transaction envelope and i'm going to sign this in the. And i'm going to sign this in the and i'm going to sign this in the transaction signer. Transaction signer transaction signer let's hope this works so i need for that i need the secret key. So i need for that i need the secret key if you recall i need the secret key of if you recall i need the secret key of. If you recall i need the secret key of the the the account and then i can submit the transaction in. And then i can submit the transaction in the transactions this is a three to five seconds as you. This is a three to five seconds as you can see i submitted the transaction and can see i submitted the transaction and. Can see i submitted the transaction and the transaction is complete again this the transaction is complete again this. The transaction is complete again this interface you can use to sort of create interface you can use to sort of create. Interface you can use to sort of create any kind of transaction i'm going to do any kind of transaction i'm going to do. Any kind of transaction i'm going to do one more transaction really quickly one more transaction really quickly. One more transaction really quickly which is basically with the issuing which is basically with the issuing. Which is basically with the issuing account account account i'm going to make a payment. I'm going to make a payment i'm going to make a payment so i'm putting in the issuing account. So i'm putting in the issuing account so i'm putting in the issuing account now i'm fetching the next sequence. Now i'm fetching the next sequence now i'm fetching the next sequence number number. Number i'm going to create a payment operation i'm going to create a payment operation. I'm going to create a payment operation this always makes me nervous this always makes me nervous. This always makes me nervous and i'm going to send it to that and i'm going to send it to that. And i'm going to send it to that distribution account distribution account distribution account. Here is a distribution account i'm going to send i don't know 13 13 13. I'm going to send i don't know 13 13 13. Not many not many not many again i can sign again i can sign again i can sign this with the public key for the issuing. This with the public key for the issuing this with the public key for the issuing. Account account account so again this all feels a bit strange so again this all feels a bit strange. So again this all feels a bit strange but i'm going to wrap it all together so but i'm going to wrap it all together so. But i'm going to wrap it all together so nicely in the end nicely in the end nicely in the end. And once i sign it i can submit the transaction let's hope i can submit the transaction let's hope. It works it works it works transaction submitted okay transaction submitted okay transaction submitted okay. So what i just did was that i basically so what i just did was that i basically so what i just did was that i basically. Created two accounts one is a issuing created two accounts one is a issuing created two accounts one is a issuing. Account that actually creates and sends account that actually creates and sends account that actually creates and sends. The asset in a distribution account the the asset in a distribution account the the asset in a distribution account the. Distribution account essentially linked distribution account essentially linked distribution account essentially linked. To the issuing account and said i trust to the issuing account and said i trust to the issuing account and said i trust. You to send me an asset and the issuing you to send me an asset and the issuing you to send me an asset and the issuing. Account made a payment to the account made a payment to the account made a payment to the . Distribution account and now that distribution account and now that distribution account and now that. Account will hold a balance of the asset account will hold a balance of the asset. Account will hold a balance of the asset and that was basically we just issued an. And that was basically we just issued an and that was basically we just issued an. Asset on seller you can issue any asset asset on seller you can issue any asset asset on seller you can issue any asset. That represents anything with any asset that represents anything with any asset that represents anything with any asset. Code and it's just as simple as that code and it's just as simple as that code and it's just as simple as that. Just a few things that you can do in just a few things that you can do in just a few things that you can do in. This interface this interface this interface or you can do it with an sdk now one. Or you can do it with an sdk now one or you can do it with an sdk now one final thing as i mentioned horizon is an. Final thing as i mentioned horizon is an final thing as i mentioned horizon is an. Endpoint endpoint endpoint i mean is that api that has different i mean is that api that has different. I mean is that api that has different endpoints and this endpoints and this . Endpoints and this interface the stellar laboratory will interface the stellar laboratory will. Interface the stellar laboratory will actually show you how to construct actually show you how to construct. Actually show you how to construct various queries to the horizon endpoints various queries to the horizon endpoints. Various queries to the horizon endpoints so right now if i go to horizon and i so right now if i go to horizon and i. So right now if i go to horizon and i sort of query the sort of query the sort of query the. Distribution account what it should have distribution account what it should have. Distribution account what it should have is a balance of this asset that we just is a balance of this asset that we just. Is a balance of this asset that we just created created created oops oops oops so i'm going to put it here. So i'm going to put it here so i'm going to put it here and you will see that in fact if i. And you will see that in fact if i and you will see that in fact if i scroll down to the json response. Scroll down to the json response scroll down to the json response that it does have a balance of this huge shy. It does have a balance of this huge shy asset asset asset so so so what i essentially did was issue into. What i essentially did was issue into what i essentially did was issue into this account a new asset that never. This account a new asset that never this account a new asset that never existed before on the ledger now part of. Existed before on the ledger now part of existed before on the ledger now part of. What's cool is that this actually what's cool is that this actually what's cool is that this actually. Happened on a test network that happened on a test network that happened on a test network that. Replicates the real network and all of replicates the real network and all of replicates the real network and all of. That payment all that issuance was that payment all that issuance was that payment all that issuance was. Actually done on multiple nodes and now actually done on multiple nodes and now actually done on multiple nodes and now. I'm going to open just like a totally i'm going to open just like a totally i'm going to open just like a totally. Different thing this different thing this different thing this stellar expert is a block explorer for. Stellar expert is a block explorer for stellar expert is a block explorer for the stellar network it's not. the stellar network it's not the stellar network it's not something that we built it's not. Something that we built it's not something that we built it's not something we maintain it's actually. Something we maintain it's actually something we maintain it's actually maintained by a company in in ukraine. Maintained by a company in in ukraine maintained by a company in in ukraine right and this is basically a way to. Right and this is basically a way to right and this is basically a way to view actions on the stellar network and. View actions on the stellar network and view actions on the stellar network and i can it's set up to view the test. I can it's set up to view the test i can it's set up to view the test network so i can actually go to a. Network so i can actually go to a network so i can actually go to a totally different third-party interface. Totally different third-party interface totally different third-party interface i can look up the key right and i can. I can look up the key right and i can i can look up the key right and i can see that oh look there is. See that oh look there is see that oh look there is the public key there's the asset that it. The public key there's the asset that it the public key there's the asset that it. Issued there's its balance here are the issued there's its balance here are the issued there's its balance here are the. Transaction history here's what we just transaction history here's what we just transaction history here's what we just. Did and like this is sort of the way did and like this is sort of the way did and like this is sort of the way. That it fundamentally works is that that it fundamentally works is that that it fundamentally works is that. Using this api you can create issue you using this api you can create issue you using this api you can create issue you. Can create payments can create payments can create payments make payments issue assets and all of. Make payments issue assets and all of make payments issue assets and all of that activity is actually done on this. That activity is actually done on this that activity is actually done on this sort of like common blockchain that you. Sort of like common blockchain that you sort of like common blockchain that you can view from almost any other source. Can view from almost any other source can view from almost any other source . and so that is and so that is and so that is asset issuance on now i accidentally stopped sharing my. Now i accidentally stopped sharing my presentation sorry sorry okay okay okay . is there more to do here is there more to do here is there more to do here . and so there you go those those features and so there you go those those features. And so there you go those those features right the ability to issue assets that right the ability to issue assets that. Right the ability to issue assets that allow you to build an interoperable allow you to build an interoperable. Allow you to build an interoperable world because all kinds of companies or world because all kinds of companies or. World because all kinds of companies or single devs can sort of build issue single devs can sort of build issue. Single devs can sort of build issue assets build interfaces that connect to assets build interfaces that connect to. Assets build interfaces that connect to the blockchain the blockchain the blockchain. And it is very easy to get started right and it is very easy to get started right. And it is very easy to get started right stellar again supports common stellar again supports common. Stellar again supports common development languages javascript and development languages javascript and. Development languages javascript and python there's extensive documentation python there's extensive documentation. Python there's extensive documentation developers can build and operate on the developers can build and operate on the. Developers can build and operate on the network network network with very few resources and there is. With very few resources and there is with very few resources and there is this test network and we have great. This test network and we have great this test network and we have great documentation which you can find at. Documentation which you can find at documentation which you can find at developers.steller.org. So for anyone who is sort of here and so for anyone who is sort of here and wants to build on stellar you can get. Wants to build on stellar you can get wants to build on stellar you can get started immediately. Started immediately started immediately i guess the final thing that i do want i guess the final thing that i do want. I guess the final thing that i do want to say oh no there's way more to say oh no there's way more . To say oh no there's way more the next thing that i want to say is the next thing that i want to say is. The next thing that i want to say is that also if you're interested in that also if you're interested in. That also if you're interested in learning more about stellar and doing learning more about stellar and doing. Learning more about stellar and doing some hands-on stuff with that laboratory some hands-on stuff with that laboratory. Some hands-on stuff with that laboratory i would suggest that you go to i would suggest that you go to. I would suggest that you go to quest.stellar.org quest.stellar.org quest.stellar.org. And after signing up with discord and and after signing up with discord and and after signing up with discord and. Your albedo wallet you can basically your albedo wallet you can basically your albedo wallet you can basically. Compete in quests to win an nft badge compete in quests to win an nft badge compete in quests to win an nft badge. Several times a year there are live several times a year there are live several times a year there are live. Series where you can compete this is series where you can compete this is series where you can compete this is. Basically a gamified intro stellar that basically a gamified intro stellar that basically a gamified intro stellar that. Lets you learn if you're going to do it lets you learn if you're going to do it lets you learn if you're going to do it. I'd recommend starting with the practice i'd recommend starting with the practice. I'd recommend starting with the practice quests start with quest one and quests start with quest one and. Quests start with quest one and you'll need to create an account like i you'll need to create an account like i. You'll need to create an account like i just did and then it will sort of walk just did and then it will sort of walk. Just did and then it will sort of walk you through processes that you need to you through processes that you need to. You through processes that you need to the resources that you need to complete the resources that you need to complete. The resources that you need to complete the quest the quest the quest and you'll get a set of keys and once. And you'll get a set of keys and once and you'll get a set of keys and once you submit the right transactions and. You submit the right transactions and you submit the right transactions and you can use that stellar laboratory. You can use that stellar laboratory you can use that stellar laboratory interface you can basically verify your. Interface you can basically verify your interface you can basically verify your solution claim an nft. Solution claim an nft solution claim an nft it's super fun even if you don't know. It's super fun even if you don't know it's super fun even if you don't know how to code because you can use that. How to code because you can use that how to code because you can use that interface and if you run into issues you. Interface and if you run into issues you interface and if you run into issues you. Can always ask questions in our vibrant can always ask questions in our vibrant can always ask questions in our vibrant. Community we have a discord server of community we have a discord server of community we have a discord server of. Stellar clusters stellar clusters stellar clusters and actually that was it so if you. and actually that was it so if you and actually that was it so if you want to find out more about stellar . Want to find out more about stellar want to find out more about stellar go to stuller.org again i recommend. Go to stuller.org again i recommend go to stuller.org again i recommend using using. Using stellar quest to keep learning stellar quest to keep learning stellar quest to keep learning. And that was a fairly deep dive so again and that was a fairly deep dive so again. And that was a fairly deep dive so again it was we looked at scp we looked at the. It was we looked at scp we looked at the it was we looked at scp we looked at the. Stellar stack we looked at basically the stellar stack we looked at basically the. Stellar stack we looked at basically the interface and how you can issue an asset. Interface and how you can issue an asset interface and how you can issue an asset. And then finally and then finally and then finally stellar quest the gamified way to learn. Stellar quest the gamified way to learn stellar quest the gamified way to learn more about stellar and now. More about stellar and now more about stellar and now we will open it up for questions.
