Hello and welcome to this week's uh Hello and welcome to this week's uh Stella developer meeting. Today I have a. Stella developer meeting. Today I have a Stella developer meeting. Today I have a. Guest from Open Sein. I have Bram. Guest from Open Sein. I have Bram. Guest from Open Sein. I have Bram. Welcome to uh to the meeting and um Welcome to uh to the meeting and um Welcome to uh to the meeting and um. Please introduce yourself. Please introduce yourself. Please introduce yourself. Hey Ken. Uh thanks and happy to be here. Hey Ken. Uh thanks and happy to be here. Hey Ken. Uh thanks and happy to be here. Um so yeah my name is Bram part of the Um so yeah my name is Bram part of the Um so yeah my name is Bram part of the. Open Zeppelin team. um working in the Open Zeppelin team. um working in the Open Zeppelin team. um working in the. Product team uh and we are currently product team uh and we are currently product team uh and we are currently. Like really focused on our open source like really focused on our open source like really focused on our open source. Efforts of which like developer tooling efforts of which like developer tooling efforts of which like developer tooling. Is one of them of course we are now uh is one of them of course we are now uh is one of them of course we are now uh. Working closely together with stellar working closely together with stellar working closely together with stellar. And in terms of the developer tooling we and in terms of the developer tooling we. And in terms of the developer tooling we just released um our uh open source just released um our uh open source. Just released um our uh open source monitors so uh yeah I'm going to share monitors so uh yeah I'm going to share. Monitors so uh yeah I'm going to share that uh today with you guys great super that uh today with you guys great super. That uh today with you guys great super interesting I don't know a lot about the interesting I don't know a lot about the. Interesting I don't know a lot about the monitor yet. So, I'm looking forward to monitor yet. So, I'm looking forward to. Monitor yet. So, I'm looking forward to this uh demo as well. Awesome. Great. This uh demo as well. Awesome. Great. This uh demo as well. Awesome. Great. Yeah, I will um show you guys uh how to Yeah, I will um show you guys uh how to Yeah, I will um show you guys uh how to. Set the monitors up set the monitors up set the monitors up today. Can I um like start? Yeah, you. Today. Can I um like start? Yeah, you today. Can I um like start? Yeah, you can share your screen. Cool. Nice. Um I. Can share your screen. Cool. Nice. Um I can share your screen. Cool. Nice. Um I think my screen is already shared,. Think my screen is already shared, think my screen is already shared, right? Yeah. Here we go. Hopefully. Right? Yeah. Here we go. Hopefully right? Yeah. Here we go. Hopefully everyone can see it. Everyone can see it. Everyone can see it. So I want to start with the repository So I want to start with the repository So I want to start with the repository. For you guys to know where you can for you guys to know where you can for you guys to know where you can. Actually find the open source monitors. Actually find the open source monitors. Actually find the open source monitors. So if you go to the open zeppelin So if you go to the open zeppelin So if you go to the open zeppelin. Organization and uh navigate to the open organization and uh navigate to the open. Organization and uh navigate to the open zeppelin monitor repository um you can zeppelin monitor repository um you can. Zeppelin monitor repository um you can find the codebase. Um what you can um find the codebase. Um what you can um. Find the codebase. Um what you can um subsequently can then do is um of course subsequently can then do is um of course. Subsequently can then do is um of course like clone the repository. um we like clone the repository. um we. Like clone the repository. um we implemented it in Rust. So there's also implemented it in Rust. So there's also. Implemented it in Rust. So there's also a requirement to install Rust to a requirement to install Rust to. A requirement to install Rust to actually like build uh and compile all actually like build uh and compile all. Actually like build uh and compile all the code to be able to then um also run the code to be able to then um also run. The code to be able to then um also run it. And over here you see the file it. And over here you see the file. It. And over here you see the file structure of the open source monitors. Structure of the open source monitors. Structure of the open source monitors. And there are actually like like two or And there are actually like like two or And there are actually like like two or. Three things that I especially want to three things that I especially want to three things that I especially want to. Highlight. The configuration is highlight. The configuration is highlight. The configuration is. Especially really important. So we are especially really important. So we are especially really important. So we are. Going to talk a little bit through the going to talk a little bit through the going to talk a little bit through the. Uh configuration as like most of the uh configuration as like most of the uh configuration as like most of the. Work that you are going to do as a work that you are going to do as a work that you are going to do as a. Developer to actually set up these developer to actually set up these developer to actually set up these. Monitors is going to be in the uh monitors is going to be in the uh monitors is going to be in the uh. Configuration. So today I'm also going configuration. So today I'm also going configuration. So today I'm also going. To walk a little bit through the to walk a little bit through the to walk a little bit through the. Examples. So we also have a examples. So we also have a examples. So we also have a. Configuration example and for everyone configuration example and for everyone configuration example and for everyone. Like starting out in this repository, I like starting out in this repository, I like starting out in this repository, I. Would also recommend to have a look at would also recommend to have a look at would also recommend to have a look at. The different examples because this can the different examples because this can the different examples because this can. Also really help you to like get up to also really help you to like get up to also really help you to like get up to. Speed on how to like actually configure speed on how to like actually configure speed on how to like actually configure. Everything. We of course also have dogs everything. We of course also have dogs everything. We of course also have dogs. But for some people it might be a little but for some people it might be a little. But for some people it might be a little bit more intuitive to just like first bit more intuitive to just like first. Bit more intuitive to just like first have a look at the um examples. I will have a look at the um examples. I will. Have a look at the um examples. I will also um share the docs at the end of um also um share the docs at the end of um. Also um share the docs at the end of um this call and then um today we are going this call and then um today we are going. This call and then um today we are going to run it um locally. So we have um this. To run it um locally. So we have um this to run it um locally. So we have um this. Binary here that we can run to spin the binary here that we can run to spin the binary here that we can run to spin the. Monitors up locally but we also allow monitors up locally but we also allow monitors up locally but we also allow. For um like dockerized uh runs. So we for um like dockerized uh runs. So we for um like dockerized uh runs. So we. Also have docker files here. So you can also have docker files here. So you can also have docker files here. So you can. Also um like create a docker instance also um like create a docker instance also um like create a docker instance. And run this docker docker instance for and run this docker docker instance for and run this docker docker instance for. Example in your cloud environment or example in your cloud environment or example in your cloud environment or. Also just uh locally if you uh prefer it also just uh locally if you uh prefer it. Also just uh locally if you uh prefer it to uh run locally. So next I want to go to uh run locally. So next I want to go. To uh run locally. So next I want to go a little bit into the a little bit into the. A little bit into the configuration and kind of what the configuration and kind of what the. Configuration and kind of what the monitor is built uh up uh from. So there monitor is built uh up uh from. So there. Monitor is built uh up uh from. So there are kind of like four main components of. Are kind of like four main components of are kind of like four main components of. Which the monitoring configuration is which the monitoring configuration is which the monitoring configuration is. Like kind of the main component. So this like kind of the main component. So this. Like kind of the main component. So this like monitoring configuration kind of like monitoring configuration kind of. Like monitoring configuration kind of consists all the conditional logic that consists all the conditional logic that. Consists all the conditional logic that you can apply to for example um smart you can apply to for example um smart. You can apply to for example um smart contract observability and it also contract observability and it also. Contract observability and it also includes for example the filters which includes for example the filters which. Includes for example the filters which allow you to like when we pull blocks um allow you to like when we pull blocks um. Allow you to like when we pull blocks um on chain and we are actually going to on chain and we are actually going to. On chain and we are actually going to filter through these blocks. Um you can filter through these blocks. Um you can. Filter through these blocks. Um you can also apply apply certain filter filters also apply apply certain filter filters. Also apply apply certain filter filters before you actually before you actually before you actually. Um like go through um the actual um like go through um the actual um like go through um the actual. Conditions within um the monitor itself. Conditions within um the monitor itself. Conditions within um the monitor itself. So an example of this could be for So an example of this could be for So an example of this could be for. Example that you only want to filter for example that you only want to filter for. Example that you only want to filter for um like even blocks. So we created a um like even blocks. So we created a. Um like even blocks. So we created a example over here. This might not be example over here. This might not be. Example over here. This might not be like a real world use case but just to like a real world use case but just to. Like a real world use case but just to kind of showcase uh what it can do. You kind of showcase uh what it can do. You. Kind of showcase uh what it can do. You can for example before you kind of go can for example before you kind of go. Can for example before you kind of go through the whole block and actually through the whole block and actually. Through the whole block and actually apply the monitoring logic which we will apply the monitoring logic which we will. Apply the monitoring logic which we will be defining in this uh configuration. Be defining in this uh configuration. Be defining in this uh configuration. You can already do some prefiltering by You can already do some prefiltering by You can already do some prefiltering by. For example in this case filtering um to for example in this case filtering um to. For example in this case filtering um to see if um like block is even numbered or. See if um like block is even numbered or see if um like block is even numbered or. A block is odd. So in this case we would a block is odd. So in this case we would. A block is odd. So in this case we would only process the even numbered blocks. Only process the even numbered blocks. Only process the even numbered blocks. So those are the filters. Then another So those are the filters. Then another So those are the filters. Then another. Really important component is of course really important component is of course really important component is of course. The network. So we also have network the network. So we also have network the network. So we also have network. Definitions here. And in the case of definitions here. And in the case of definitions here. And in the case of. Stellar we need to define uh this stellar we need to define uh this stellar we need to define uh this. Network definition over here. We already network definition over here. We already. Network definition over here. We already have an example that you can use. Um you. Have an example that you can use. Um you have an example that you can use. Um you. Have to define the network type slug have to define the network type slug have to define the network type slug. Name um the RPC. So this one is not name um the RPC. So this one is not name um the RPC. So this one is not. Prefilled. So you can actually choose prefilled. So you can actually choose prefilled. So you can actually choose. Your own um RPC and then there are some your own um RPC and then there are some your own um RPC and then there are some. Other um parameters that you can also other um parameters that you can also other um parameters that you can also. Set here. So for example the set here. So for example the set here. So for example the. Confirmation of blocks. So how many confirmation of blocks. So how many confirmation of blocks. So how many. Confirmations of the blocks do you confirmations of the blocks do you confirmations of the blocks do you. Actually wait before you for example actually wait before you for example actually wait before you for example. Trigger a monitor. So if you detect a trigger a monitor. So if you detect a trigger a monitor. So if you detect a. Certain function trigger on chain or an certain function trigger on chain or an certain function trigger on chain or an. Event that is being emitted in a certain event that is being emitted in a certain. Event that is being emitted in a certain contract um like this would like allow contract um like this would like allow. Contract um like this would like allow you to set the amount of blocks that you you to set the amount of blocks that you. You to set the amount of blocks that you actually want to wait um for actually want to wait um for. Actually want to wait um for confirmations of until you actually like confirmations of until you actually like. Confirmations of until you actually like trigger the monitor and notify someone. Trigger the monitor and notify someone. Trigger the monitor and notify someone. Then we also have a chron schedule. Um Then we also have a chron schedule. Um Then we also have a chron schedule. Um. This one is also an important um like this one is also an important um like this one is also an important um like. Parameter to highlight. This allows you parameter to highlight. This allows you parameter to highlight. This allows you. To kind of set a schedule for the amount to kind of set a schedule for the amount. To kind of set a schedule for the amount of times that we actually make an RPC of times that we actually make an RPC. Of times that we actually make an RPC call and get the latest blocks. So um in call and get the latest blocks. So um in. Call and get the latest blocks. So um in this case I defined it for like every this case I defined it for like every. This case I defined it for like every minute. So every minute we like pull all minute. So every minute we like pull all. Minute. So every minute we like pull all the latest blocks in and we process all the latest blocks in and we process all. The latest blocks in and we process all these different blocks. But you can also these different blocks. But you can also. These different blocks. But you can also set different schedules for example set different schedules for example. Set different schedules for example every once every five minutes or um every once every five minutes or um. Every once every five minutes or um maybe like shorter um crons here. So maybe like shorter um crons here. So. Maybe like shorter um crons here. So that's the network configuration and that's the network configuration and. That's the network configuration and then the another of course really then the another of course really. Then the another of course really important components are the triggers. Important components are the triggers. Important components are the triggers. So if a monitor actually triggers and So if a monitor actually triggers and So if a monitor actually triggers and. You want to alert someone from like a you want to alert someone from like a you want to alert someone from like a. Function call happening within a smart function call happening within a smart function call happening within a smart. Contract or an event happening you can contract or an event happening you can contract or an event happening you can. Also define these triggers. So we also define these triggers. So we also define these triggers. So we. Currently support Discord, email, Slack currently support Discord, email, Slack currently support Discord, email, Slack. And Telegram as notification channels and Telegram as notification channels and Telegram as notification channels. That you can like um send the that you can like um send the that you can like um send the. Notifications to. But we also define web notifications to. But we also define web. Notifications to. But we also define web hook notifications. So it would also be hook notifications. So it would also be. Hook notifications. So it would also be possible to like trigger a um like possible to like trigger a um like. Possible to like trigger a um like external service through a web hook when external service through a web hook when. External service through a web hook when the monitor triggers. And there's also a. The monitor triggers. And there's also a the monitor triggers. And there's also a. Uh option for custom script. So if you uh option for custom script. So if you uh option for custom script. So if you. Actually want to do some post-processing actually want to do some post-processing. Actually want to do some post-processing after the moni monitor triggered, it is after the moni monitor triggered, it is. After the moni monitor triggered, it is also possible to define a script in also possible to define a script in. Also possible to define a script in which you also define some custom logic which you also define some custom logic. Which you also define some custom logic and you can process the data maybe make and you can process the data maybe make. And you can process the data maybe make integrations with your own observability integrations with your own observability. Integrations with your own observability platform like data dog or obsgeni. Um we. Platform like data dog or obsgeni. Um we platform like data dog or obsgeni. Um we. Are currently still also looking to are currently still also looking to are currently still also looking to. Actually support those. But um if you actually support those. But um if you actually support those. But um if you. Already want to start with that the already want to start with that the already want to start with that the. Custom scripts actually allow you to custom scripts actually allow you to custom scripts actually allow you to. Create this like custom logic and um create this like custom logic and um create this like custom logic and um. Like post the data to maybe such like an like post the data to maybe such like an. Like post the data to maybe such like an observability platform. But this is only. Observability platform. But this is only observability platform. But this is only. One example um like what you can one example um like what you can one example um like what you can. Actually do with it is uh up to you and actually do with it is uh up to you and actually do with it is uh up to you and. Um you have a lot of freedom here. Then um you have a lot of freedom here. Then um you have a lot of freedom here. Then. Of course the most important of course the most important of course the most important. Um configuration file here uh where um configuration file here uh where um configuration file here uh where. Everything comes together is the actual everything comes together is the actual everything comes together is the actual. Monitoring configuration. So what you monitoring configuration. So what you monitoring configuration. So what you. Have here is you can give it a name um have here is you can give it a name um have here is you can give it a name um. If the monitor is paused or not. In this if the monitor is paused or not. In this. If the monitor is paused or not. In this case we don't want to pause it. Uh then case we don't want to pause it. Uh then. Case we don't want to pause it. Uh then you have to define the network. So you have to define the network. So. You have to define the network. So that's again the network configuration that's again the network configuration. That's again the network configuration here. You can uh select it by by taking here. You can uh select it by by taking. Here. You can uh select it by by taking the file name and like inserting it the file name and like inserting it. The file name and like inserting it here. And then what you can subsequently here. And then what you can subsequently. Here. And then what you can subsequently do is the actual like implementation of do is the actual like implementation of. Do is the actual like implementation of um like the monitoring logic. So in this um like the monitoring logic. So in this. Um like the monitoring logic. So in this case as an example I took the address of. Case as an example I took the address of case as an example I took the address of. The aqua dex uh because I want to like the aqua dex uh because I want to like the aqua dex uh because I want to like. Filter for a swap uh happening in that filter for a swap uh happening in that filter for a swap uh happening in that. Dex. So what we do is we define the dex. So what we do is we define the dex. So what we do is we define the. Address of the contract here. Um address of the contract here. Um address of the contract here. Um. Subsequently we also include the subsequently we also include the subsequently we also include the. Contract spec. So in this contract spec contract spec. So in this contract spec contract spec. So in this contract spec. I only added the actual function that I I only added the actual function that I I only added the actual function that I. Want to monitor for but you can also want to monitor for but you can also want to monitor for but you can also. Like post the whole file. Um and like post the whole file. Um and like post the whole file. Um and. Underneath here we can actually set the underneath here we can actually set the underneath here we can actually set the. Conditions on which to trigger the conditions on which to trigger the conditions on which to trigger the. Monitor. So we already set like one monitor. So we already set like one monitor. So we already set like one. Condition of course like we want to condition of course like we want to condition of course like we want to. Filter for a specific contract which in filter for a specific contract which in filter for a specific contract which in. This case is a DEX. Then you can also this case is a DEX. Then you can also this case is a DEX. Then you can also. Set uh certain conditions around um a set uh certain conditions around um a set uh certain conditions around um a. Function trigger for example. So I don't function trigger for example. So I don't. Function trigger for example. So I don't want to like trigger the monitor for want to like trigger the monitor for. Want to like trigger the monitor for every function call or event that is every function call or event that is. Every function call or event that is being emitted um from this contract. I being emitted um from this contract. I. Being emitted um from this contract. I want to actually look for the swap want to actually look for the swap. Want to actually look for the swap function signature. So if someone is function signature. So if someone is. Function signature. So if someone is interacting with this function within interacting with this function within. Interacting with this function within the contract the contract the contract um and the you can also set expressions. Um and the you can also set expressions um and the you can also set expressions here. So and the out. Here. So and the out here. So and the out um um underscore min variable is higher. Um um underscore min variable is higher um um underscore min variable is higher than this um this number then we. Than this um this number then we than this um this number then we actually trigger the monitor. So you can. Actually trigger the monitor. So you can actually trigger the monitor. So you can. Also say okay I actually don't want this also say okay I actually don't want this. Also say okay I actually don't want this express expression. You can also just express expression. You can also just. Express expression. You can also just have it like this then it will trigger have it like this then it will trigger. Have it like this then it will trigger on like all the different swaps. But the on like all the different swaps. But the. On like all the different swaps. But the expression allows you to also use one of. Expression allows you to also use one of expression allows you to also use one of. These parameters that is passed to this these parameters that is passed to this these parameters that is passed to this. Function um to be included here and use function um to be included here and use function um to be included here and use. It with like conditional logic to it with like conditional logic to it with like conditional logic to. Actually filter out maybe a um like call actually filter out maybe a um like call. Actually filter out maybe a um like call from a specific address that is included. From a specific address that is included from a specific address that is included. In this swap or uh the amount the amount in this swap or uh the amount the amount. In this swap or uh the amount the amount out being higher than a certain out being higher than a certain. Out being higher than a certain threshold. So that is one way of threshold. So that is one way of. Threshold. So that is one way of filtering but we also allow for events. Filtering but we also allow for events. Filtering but we also allow for events. So it's not only possible to use So it's not only possible to use So it's not only possible to use. Functions but also events in this case. Functions but also events in this case. Functions but also events in this case. It works similarly to the function. Um It works similarly to the function. Um It works similarly to the function. Um. You can also set an expression. There's you can also set an expression. There's you can also set an expression. There's. Only currently one caveat with the only currently one caveat with the only currently one caveat with the. Expression and that is because um like expression and that is because um like expression and that is because um like. In the contract spec events are not in the contract spec events are not in the contract spec events are not. Supported yet. You have to uh use supported yet. You have to uh use supported yet. You have to uh use. Positional uh parameters instead of like positional uh parameters instead of like. Positional uh parameters instead of like being able to use the actual parameter being able to use the actual parameter. Being able to use the actual parameter their uh name. So you have to use zero their uh name. So you have to use zero. Their uh name. So you have to use zero or one or two to kind of like pinpoint or one or two to kind of like pinpoint. Or one or two to kind of like pinpoint which variable in the parameter of the which variable in the parameter of the. Which variable in the parameter of the event you actually want to um create event you actually want to um create. Event you actually want to um create like conditional logic like conditional logic. Like conditional logic around. Then we have uh like the third around. Then we have uh like the third. Around. Then we have uh like the third and last fields we can also monitor for and last fields we can also monitor for. And last fields we can also monitor for and that is like on the transaction and that is like on the transaction. And that is like on the transaction level. So in this case uh you can also level. So in this case uh you can also. Level. So in this case uh you can also allow um for certain like logic over allow um for certain like logic over. Allow um for certain like logic over here for example if the status is here for example if the status is. Here for example if the status is success. So this that means that the success. So this that means that the. Success. So this that means that the transaction was actually executed you transaction was actually executed you. Transaction was actually executed you can um you you want to trigger the can um you you want to trigger the. Can um you you want to trigger the monitor. So if this was for example monitor. So if this was for example. Monitor. So if this was for example failed uh you don't trigger failed uh you don't trigger. Failed uh you don't trigger it. So then the last two parts of the it. So then the last two parts of the. It. So then the last two parts of the monitoring configuration is trigger uh monitoring configuration is trigger uh. Monitoring configuration is trigger uh conditions and triggers. We already also conditions and triggers. We already also. Conditions and triggers. We already also talked a little bit about this earlier. Talked a little bit about this earlier. Talked a little bit about this earlier. So if we go to triggers uh in this case So if we go to triggers uh in this case So if we go to triggers uh in this case. We use the select channel. So if this um we use the select channel. So if this um. We use the select channel. So if this um if these conditions are met we um notify. If these conditions are met we um notify if these conditions are met we um notify. Um like the select channel that this um like the select channel that this um like the select channel that this. Monitor was triggered. And if we go for monitor was triggered. And if we go for monitor was triggered. And if we go for. Example to a certain slack configuration example to a certain slack configuration. Example to a certain slack configuration here you can also set the the title of here you can also set the the title of. Here you can also set the the title of the uh monitor trigger and also the the uh monitor trigger and also the. The uh monitor trigger and also the message and within that message you can message and within that message you can. Message and within that message you can actually also include certain parameters actually also include certain parameters. Actually also include certain parameters um like for example transaction um like for example transaction. Um like for example transaction parameters or the event parameters on parameters or the event parameters on. Parameters or the event parameters on which it actually triggered. So you can which it actually triggered. So you can. Which it actually triggered. So you can also give all of this context and also give all of this context and. Also give all of this context and include it in your uh monitoring include it in your uh monitoring. Include it in your uh monitoring message. Then um of course you can also message. Then um of course you can also. Message. Then um of course you can also include other triggers. So you can just include other triggers. So you can just. Include other triggers. So you can just add um Telegram as well or email and um add um Telegram as well or email and um. Add um Telegram as well or email and um yeah I'm not going through all of them yeah I'm not going through all of them. Yeah I'm not going through all of them but like the configuration for all of but like the configuration for all of. But like the configuration for all of these notification channels is pretty these notification channels is pretty. These notification channels is pretty straightforward. And then the um last um straightforward. And then the um last um. Straightforward. And then the um last um variable that I want to talk about here variable that I want to talk about here. Variable that I want to talk about here configuration variable is the trigger configuration variable is the trigger. Configuration variable is the trigger conditions. So what you can do over here conditions. So what you can do over here. Conditions. So what you can do over here is what I mentioned around script. So is what I mentioned around script. So. Is what I mentioned around script. So you can also run a custom script. Um so you can also run a custom script. Um so. You can also run a custom script. Um so the monitor will pass the context to the monitor will pass the context to. The monitor will pass the context to this script and within that script you this script and within that script you. This script and within that script you can do like post-processing on the data can do like post-processing on the data. Can do like post-processing on the data um that is given to this script. So um that is given to this script. So. Um that is given to this script. So around the monitoring context maybe pass around the monitoring context maybe pass. Around the monitoring context maybe pass it towards a observability platform or it towards a observability platform or. It towards a observability platform or um call a third party service. third um call a third party service. third. Um call a third party service. third party service can also be called um of party service can also be called um of. Party service can also be called um of course through this trigger um by web course through this trigger um by web. Course through this trigger um by web hook notifications but maybe for some hook notifications but maybe for some. Hook notifications but maybe for some reason you also need to include like reason you also need to include like. Reason you also need to include like special API keys or something else that special API keys or something else that. Special API keys or something else that doesn't um completely like is not doesn't um completely like is not. Doesn't um completely like is not completely compatible with these web completely compatible with these web. Completely compatible with these web hook notifications you can use scripts hook notifications you can use scripts. Hook notifications you can use scripts to have like all that freedom to um yeah to have like all that freedom to um yeah. To have like all that freedom to um yeah create your own kind of uh flow of logic. Create your own kind of uh flow of logic create your own kind of uh flow of logic. Here. Um then I set up an actual here. Um then I set up an actual here. Um then I set up an actual. Example. So let's quickly have a look at example. So let's quickly have a look at. Example. So let's quickly have a look at that um example. So if we go to that um example. So if we go to. That um example. So if we go to configuration, you can like copy this configuration, you can like copy this. Configuration, you can like copy this configuration also in this config here configuration also in this config here. Configuration also in this config here and try to run it. But in my and try to run it. But in my. And try to run it. But in my configuration, I didn't use any filters. Configuration, I didn't use any filters. Configuration, I didn't use any filters. Um of course to find the stellar mainet Um of course to find the stellar mainet Um of course to find the stellar mainet. Network. It's the same file as I just network. It's the same file as I just network. It's the same file as I just. Showed you. And in this case, I created showed you. And in this case, I created showed you. And in this case, I created. A telegram bot um using the botfather. A telegram bot um using the botfather. A telegram bot um using the botfather. Uh that's a channel that you can like Uh that's a channel that you can like Uh that's a channel that you can like. Start a chat with and it will create a start a chat with and it will create a start a chat with and it will create a. Bot on telegram. Some of you might bot on telegram. Some of you might bot on telegram. Some of you might. Already be familiar with this and you already be familiar with this and you already be familiar with this and you. Can you subsequently then get like a bot can you subsequently then get like a bot. Can you subsequently then get like a bot ID and you can post that one here. Um, ID and you can post that one here. Um,. ID and you can post that one here. Um, this is also a unique ID that you need this is also a unique ID that you need. This is also a unique ID that you need to post in. And then my monitor is now to post in. And then my monitor is now. To post in. And then my monitor is now like able to send out alerts to this like able to send out alerts to this. Like able to send out alerts to this Telegram channel that I have here. As Telegram channel that I have here. As. Telegram channel that I have here. As you can see, I already tested a little you can see, I already tested a little. You can see, I already tested a little bit. Uh, but we are going to do it bit. Uh, but we are going to do it. Bit. Uh, but we are going to do it again. So, if we go to my monitoring again. So, if we go to my monitoring. Again. So, if we go to my monitoring configuration, I also want to show you configuration, I also want to show you. Configuration, I also want to show you this. So I'm currently moni moni mon this. So I'm currently moni moni mon. This. So I'm currently moni moni mon monitoring for the aqua dex um for a monitoring for the aqua dex um for a. Monitoring for the aqua dex um for a specific function call um called swap specific function call um called swap. Specific function call um called swap chain. Um this function is being called chain. Um this function is being called. Chain. Um this function is being called when I do a swap on the when I do a swap on the. When I do a swap on the aquedex and over here I just want to aquedex and over here I just want to. Aquedex and over here I just want to filter for like all the function calls filter for like all the function calls. Filter for like all the function calls um like with the signature swap chain. Um like with the signature swap chain. Um like with the signature swap chain. So every time someone does a swap, I So every time someone does a swap, I So every time someone does a swap, I. Want to trigger um like a telegram want to trigger um like a telegram want to trigger um like a telegram. Notification saying that like a swap was notification saying that like a swap was. Notification saying that like a swap was being done on the um yeah Aquedex. This being done on the um yeah Aquedex. This. Being done on the um yeah Aquedex. This might not be the most practical uh might not be the most practical uh. Might not be the most practical uh monitor um like as like a real use case, monitor um like as like a real use case,. Monitor um like as like a real use case, but just for demoing purposes, I wanted but just for demoing purposes, I wanted. But just for demoing purposes, I wanted to show you this. So what you can to show you this. So what you can. To show you this. So what you can normally do is run the monitor like this normally do is run the monitor like this. Normally do is run the monitor like this locally or like to docker compose. Now locally or like to docker compose. Now. Locally or like to docker compose. Now the docker um the monitors up and it's the docker um the monitors up and it's. The docker um the monitors up and it's going to pull in like all these going to pull in like all these. Going to pull in like all these different blocks. But um for this demo different blocks. But um for this demo. Different blocks. But um for this demo like purpose I also have another command like purpose I also have another command. Like purpose I also have another command that I'm currently going to use uh which. That I'm currently going to use uh which that I'm currently going to use uh which. Is this command where you can like is this command where you can like is this command where you can like. Replay a block and uh apply the replay a block and uh apply the replay a block and uh apply the. Monitoring logic to that block. So we monitoring logic to that block. So we monitoring logic to that block. So we. Can see if it actually works. So we can see if it actually works. So we can see if it actually works. So we. Don't have to wait for actual uh swap to don't have to wait for actual uh swap to. Don't have to wait for actual uh swap to be done on the um Aquedex. So if we be done on the um Aquedex. So if we. Be done on the um Aquedex. So if we target this block, I know that um this target this block, I know that um this. Target this block, I know that um this function to this contract is being function to this contract is being. Function to this contract is being triggered in this block. And if we triggered in this block. And if we. Triggered in this block. And if we actually trigger it here, it's going to actually trigger it here, it's going to. Actually trigger it here, it's going to search through that block, apply this search through that block, apply this. Search through that block, apply this monitoring monitoring configuration to monitoring monitoring configuration to. Monitoring monitoring configuration to it. And as we can see, we found one it. And as we can see, we found one. It. And as we can see, we found one match. Um and we also already saw my match. Um and we also already saw my. Match. Um and we also already saw my telegram um giving me an alert and over telegram um giving me an alert and over. Telegram um giving me an alert and over here you can see that the uh monitor was here you can see that the uh monitor was. Here you can see that the uh monitor was triggered. So this is um yeah this is an. Triggered. So this is um yeah this is an triggered. So this is um yeah this is an. Example of kind of like a monitor that example of kind of like a monitor that example of kind of like a monitor that. You can configure. Um as I already said you can configure. Um as I already said you can configure. Um as I already said. This might not be the best like real this might not be the best like real this might not be the best like real. World use case but you can do a lot of world use case but you can do a lot of world use case but you can do a lot of. Different things. Um think about like different things. Um think about like different things. Um think about like. Access control monitors. So if you access control monitors. So if you access control monitors. So if you. Implement access control within your implement access control within your implement access control within your. Smart contract, you can check for smart contract, you can check for smart contract, you can check for. Certain um grand ro functions being certain um grand ro functions being certain um grand ro functions being. Triggered. For example, if someone is triggered. For example, if someone is triggered. For example, if someone is. Trying to gain access to certain trying to gain access to certain trying to gain access to certain. Functions, um if like a large mint is functions, um if like a large mint is functions, um if like a large mint is. Being done on a token contract or any of being done on a token contract or any of. Being done on a token contract or any of these use cases, there's like a lot of these use cases, there's like a lot of. These use cases, there's like a lot of monitoring um us cases that you can set monitoring um us cases that you can set. Monitoring um us cases that you can set up to like increase that like up to like increase that like. Up to like increase that like operational security around your um operational security around your um. Operational security around your um smart contracts. And one thing that I'm smart contracts. And one thing that I'm. Smart contracts. And one thing that I'm also really excited about which we are also really excited about which we are. Also really excited about which we are going to launch in one and a half to u I going to launch in one and a half to u I. Going to launch in one and a half to u I think one and a half month to two months. Think one and a half month to two months think one and a half month to two months. Um is also like sorban support for the um is also like sorban support for the um is also like sorban support for the. Relayers and the relayers is one of the relayers and the relayers is one of the relayers and the relayers is one of the. Other tools that we are currently um other tools that we are currently um other tools that we are currently um. Working on to add stellar support which working on to add stellar support which working on to add stellar support which. Is a externallyowned account or wallet is a externallyowned account or wallet is a externallyowned account or wallet. That is um that you can interact with uh that is um that you can interact with uh. That is um that you can interact with uh through like an API or SDK. So what we through like an API or SDK. So what we. Through like an API or SDK. So what we did over there is we kind of abstracted did over there is we kind of abstracted. Did over there is we kind of abstracted away all the complex transaction away all the complex transaction. Away all the complex transaction management. So think about uh management. So think about uh. Management. So think about uh transaction submissions, resubmissions, transaction submissions, resubmissions,. Transaction submissions, resubmissions, gas pricing, uh sequence number handling gas pricing, uh sequence number handling. Gas pricing, uh sequence number handling and all of those uh and also of course and all of those uh and also of course. And all of those uh and also of course like secure key storage. So we also like secure key storage. So we also. Like secure key storage. So we also securely store those keys in a fault. Securely store those keys in a fault. Securely store those keys in a fault. And with the open- source relayers, you And with the open- source relayers, you And with the open- source relayers, you. Are now able to actually like self-host are now able to actually like self-host are now able to actually like self-host. These relayers. So have total control these relayers. So have total control these relayers. So have total control. Over the these relays and then be able over the these relays and then be able over the these relays and then be able. To like really easy through like SDK or to like really easy through like SDK or to like really easy through like SDK or. API interface interact with these API interface interact with these API interface interact with these. Relayers and easily submit transactions relayers and easily submit transactions relayers and easily submit transactions. In yeah in a simplified way. And what in yeah in a simplified way. And what in yeah in a simplified way. And what. You can then do with like the monitors you can then do with like the monitors you can then do with like the monitors. And relayers is you can actually use for and relayers is you can actually use for. And relayers is you can actually use for example the custom scripts that I talked. Example the custom scripts that I talked example the custom scripts that I talked. About um over here in the examples to about um over here in the examples to about um over here in the examples to. Like get that monitoring context. And if like get that monitoring context. And if. Like get that monitoring context. And if we for example let's say take the use we for example let's say take the use. We for example let's say take the use case of a stable coin contract uh where case of a stable coin contract uh where. Case of a stable coin contract uh where a large mint happens and we see that the a large mint happens and we see that the. A large mint happens and we see that the mint actually is not uh from an address mint actually is not uh from an address. Mint actually is not uh from an address that would usually do the mint. So that would usually do the mint. So. That would usually do the mint. So someone might have uh gained some kind someone might have uh gained some kind. Someone might have uh gained some kind of like unauthorized access. What we of like unauthorized access. What we. Of like unauthorized access. What we then subsequently can do is trigger um then subsequently can do is trigger um. Then subsequently can do is trigger um like a custom script that calls the like a custom script that calls the. Like a custom script that calls the relayer that subsequently like executes relayer that subsequently like executes. Relayer that subsequently like executes for example a pass function within the for example a pass function within the. For example a pass function within the stablecoin contract to um yeah make sure stablecoin contract to um yeah make sure. Stablecoin contract to um yeah make sure that we limit the damage that can be that we limit the damage that can be. That we limit the damage that can be done to the stable coin contract. Um so done to the stable coin contract. Um so. Done to the stable coin contract. Um so incident response we would uh call it is incident response we would uh call it is. Incident response we would uh call it is like one major use case and of course like one major use case and of course. Like one major use case and of course there are like smaller use cases that there are like smaller use cases that. There are like smaller use cases that you can set up within this category but you can set up within this category but. You can set up within this category but there's also like a lot of like more there's also like a lot of like more. There's also like a lot of like more generic automation that is possible. So generic automation that is possible. So. Generic automation that is possible. So let's say another example is that if you let's say another example is that if you. Let's say another example is that if you run a D5 project or like a trading um run a D5 project or like a trading um. Run a D5 project or like a trading um company what you can also do is look in company what you can also do is look in. Company what you can also do is look in different uh types of like DeFi different uh types of like DeFi. Different uh types of like DeFi protocols um if certain thresholds are protocols um if certain thresholds are. Protocols um if certain thresholds are being met and you can then subsequently being met and you can then subsequently. Being met and you can then subsequently also use the relay relayers to for also use the relay relayers to for. Also use the relay relayers to for example rebalance or liquidate certain example rebalance or liquidate certain. Example rebalance or liquidate certain uh positions uh within certain pools. So uh positions uh within certain pools. So. Uh positions uh within certain pools. So this is kind of also the type of this is kind of also the type of. This is kind of also the type of automation that is then possible and it automation that is then possible and it. Automation that is then possible and it kind of easily kind of integrates kind of easily kind of integrates. Kind of easily kind of integrates together um using these custom scripts. Together um using these custom scripts. Together um using these custom scripts. So which you can of course trigger So which you can of course trigger So which you can of course trigger. Um from your uh monitoring configuration um from your uh monitoring configuration. Um from your uh monitoring configuration as I uh showed you here. So yeah, that's. As I uh showed you here. So yeah, that's as I uh showed you here. So yeah, that's. Um an high level overview of the uh the um an high level overview of the uh the um an high level overview of the uh the. Monitors and yeah I think um yeah I give monitors and yeah I think um yeah I give. Monitors and yeah I think um yeah I give you gave you all the context that I you gave you all the context that I. You gave you all the context that I wanted to give you today. So if anyone wanted to give you today. So if anyone. Wanted to give you today. So if anyone has any questions uh feel free to ask has any questions uh feel free to ask. Has any questions uh feel free to ask and actually I want to also quickly show and actually I want to also quickly show. And actually I want to also quickly show you um you can also find the docs over you um you can also find the docs over. You um you can also find the docs over here. So if you go to here. So if you go to. Here. So if you go to docs.opuseppappelin.com docs.opuseppappelin.com docs.opuseppappelin.com. Open.com. Um, you have a tab over here open.com. Um, you have a tab over here open.com. Um, you have a tab over here. Which says open source tools and over which says open source tools and over which says open source tools and over. Here in the relayers there's no not yet here in the relayers there's no not yet here in the relayers there's no not yet. Stella support coming soon but in the Stella support coming soon but in the Stella support coming soon but in the. Open zeppeline monitors we also give open zeppeline monitors we also give open zeppeline monitors we also give. Like a really easy quick start that you like a really easy quick start that you like a really easy quick start that you. Can like follow uh with the first few can like follow uh with the first few can like follow uh with the first few. Comm commands that I didn't go through comm commands that I didn't go through comm commands that I didn't go through. Here um and then how to set it up for uh here um and then how to set it up for uh. Here um and then how to set it up for uh stellar. So it's uh it's like pretty stellar. So it's uh it's like pretty. Stellar. So it's uh it's like pretty easy to set up and if you guys um have easy to set up and if you guys um have. Easy to set up and if you guys um have any questions around this uh feel also any questions around this uh feel also. Any questions around this uh feel also feel free to ask we have like a feel free to ask we have like a. Feel free to ask we have like a community channel now also on discord community channel now also on discord. Community channel now also on discord open zeppelin open zeppelin open zeppelin um_tg so also feel feel free to join. Um_tg so also feel feel free to join um_tg so also feel feel free to join that channel and ask any questions and. That channel and ask any questions and that channel and ask any questions and of course we are here now also to answer. Of course we are here now also to answer of course we are here now also to answer. Some questions so yeah great is super some questions so yeah great is super some questions so yeah great is super. Interesting so I can start monitoring my interesting so I can start monitoring my. Interesting so I can start monitoring my smart contracts without setting anything. Smart contracts without setting anything smart contracts without setting anything. Up in my smart contracts is all all the up in my smart contracts is all all the up in my smart contracts is all all the. Configuration is done in the config configuration is done in the config configuration is done in the config. Files you're showing. Yeah, exactly. Files you're showing. Yeah, exactly. Files you're showing. Yeah, exactly. Everything is done just in those like Everything is done just in those like Everything is done just in those like. Four configuration files and of course four configuration files and of course four configuration files and of course. You can make them more complex. I gave you can make them more complex. I gave you can make them more complex. I gave. Some simple examples but you don't have some simple examples but you don't have some simple examples but you don't have. To implement anything within your to implement anything within your to implement anything within your. Contracts. So um if it just has these uh contracts. So um if it just has these uh. Contracts. So um if it just has these uh function signatures, you can like import. Function signatures, you can like import function signatures, you can like import. Like the contract spec um define the uh like the contract spec um define the uh like the contract spec um define the uh. Function signature that you want to function signature that you want to function signature that you want to. Monitor for or the event signature and u monitor for or the event signature and u. Monitor for or the event signature and u yeah you can just like spin them up and yeah you can just like spin them up and. Yeah you can just like spin them up and as you can see um I don't know the Aqua as you can see um I don't know the Aqua. As you can see um I don't know the Aqua uh DEX team but uh I can like monitor uh DEX team but uh I can like monitor. Uh DEX team but uh I can like monitor their contracts just by like setting uh their contracts just by like setting uh. Their contracts just by like setting uh up this monitoring configuration. So up this monitoring configuration. So. Up this monitoring configuration. So great. Actually had a question earlier great. Actually had a question earlier. Great. Actually had a question earlier um says how how does the replay how does um says how how does the replay how does. Um says how how does the replay how does it replay a block? Does the block have it replay a block? Does the block have. It replay a block? Does the block have to be within the retention where of the to be within the retention where of the. To be within the retention where of the RPC? RPC? RPC? Um there might be a limit to this. I I'm Um there might be a limit to this. I I'm. Um there might be a limit to this. I I'm actually not 100% sure on kind of the actually not 100% sure on kind of the. Actually not 100% sure on kind of the limit of the RPC, how deep we actually limit of the RPC, how deep we actually. Limit of the RPC, how deep we actually can go into the blocks. So, um I would can go into the blocks. So, um I would. Can go into the blocks. So, um I would say you might have to sometimes like do say you might have to sometimes like do. Say you might have to sometimes like do another test transaction to like h being another test transaction to like h being. Another test transaction to like h being able to use that command command again. Able to use that command command again. Able to use that command command again. But um yeah, you guys probably know it But um yeah, you guys probably know it But um yeah, you guys probably know it. Better than me what the actual limits on better than me what the actual limits on. Better than me what the actual limits on the RPC are here in terms of like the the RPC are here in terms of like the. The RPC are here in terms of like the depth that you can go to uh replay. Um depth that you can go to uh replay. Um. Depth that you can go to uh replay. Um I'm not see the RPC has a 7-day I'm not see the RPC has a 7-day. I'm not see the RPC has a 7-day retention. Retention. Retention. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, great. Any other question? Any Okay, great. Any other question? Any Okay, great. Any other question? Any. Questions questions questions from anyone from anyone from anyone who's listening in. Here? Okay. It doesn't look like it, but here? Okay. It doesn't look like it, but. I think um I think it was great you I think um I think it was great you I think um I think it was great you. Mentioned that you have a community. So, mentioned that you have a community. So,. Mentioned that you have a community. So, anyone who's who's uh interested in in anyone who's who's uh interested in in. Anyone who's who's uh interested in in trying this out and maybe set it up for trying this out and maybe set it up for. Trying this out and maybe set it up for for their project, um if if you have any for their project, um if if you have any. For their project, um if if you have any questions, any help is needed. It sounds. Questions, any help is needed. It sounds questions, any help is needed. It sounds. Like the community is a is a good place like the community is a is a good place like the community is a is a good place. To go and uh you already have examples to go and uh you already have examples to go and uh you already have examples. Of how to set it up and and and the of how to set it up and and and the of how to set it up and and and the. Repo. Yeah, feel free to um ask and also repo. Yeah, feel free to um ask and also. Repo. Yeah, feel free to um ask and also around like potential use cases. It's around like potential use cases. It's. Around like potential use cases. It's also maybe an interesting discussion if also maybe an interesting discussion if. Also maybe an interesting discussion if you just start with monitors you might you just start with monitors you might. You just start with monitors you might also think um okay what do I actually also think um okay what do I actually. Also think um okay what do I actually want to set up here like what can be want to set up here like what can be. Want to set up here like what can be valuable for us. So um if anyone wants valuable for us. So um if anyone wants. Valuable for us. So um if anyone wants to have discussions around that also to have discussions around that also. To have discussions around that also feel free to join and we can give you feel free to join and we can give you. Feel free to join and we can give you some examples um around like the use some examples um around like the use. Some examples um around like the use cases that we uh see a lot around people cases that we uh see a lot around people. Cases that we uh see a lot around people using the monitors. Using the monitors. Using the monitors. Okay, we just got one more question Okay, we just got one more question Okay, we just got one more question. Here. Uh, for the confirmation block on here. Uh, for the confirmation block on here. Uh, for the confirmation block on. The config, what should we set it to? Is the config, what should we set it to? Is. The config, what should we set it to? Is it for waiting for finality? It for waiting for finality? It for waiting for finality? Yeah. So, Yeah. So, Yeah. So, um, we just like set it to two, but I um, we just like set it to two, but I. Um, we just like set it to two, but I have to ask actually one of the have to ask actually one of the. Have to ask actually one of the developers if there's like a perfect uh developers if there's like a perfect uh. Developers if there's like a perfect uh number that we should set it to. I'm not number that we should set it to. I'm not. Number that we should set it to. I'm not 100% sure if there's um like kind of a 100% sure if there's um like kind of a. 100% sure if there's um like kind of a number that really works well. So, um I number that really works well. So, um I. Number that really works well. So, um I have to I have to ask our engineering have to I have to ask our engineering. Have to I have to ask our engineering team. Okay, great. But yeah, thank you team. Okay, great. But yeah, thank you. Team. Okay, great. But yeah, thank you for for joining. Uh it's super for for joining. Uh it's super. For for joining. Uh it's super interesting. I think I'll go ahead and interesting. I think I'll go ahead and. Interesting. I think I'll go ahead and and play with it myself. I I love these and play with it myself. I I love these. And play with it myself. I I love these kind of solutions that are really easy kind of solutions that are really easy. Kind of solutions that are really easy to set up and gives a lot of different to set up and gives a lot of different. To set up and gives a lot of different ways to to notify me. Uh because I I can ways to to notify me. Uh because I I can. Ways to to notify me. Uh because I I can see that some some things I want to see that some some things I want to. See that some some things I want to monitor is more urgent than others. Some monitor is more urgent than others. Some. Monitor is more urgent than others. Some things I I probably would like to get things I I probably would like to get. Things I I probably would like to get like a Telegram or Slack message about like a Telegram or Slack message about. Like a Telegram or Slack message about and others maybe I just want to store and others maybe I just want to store. And others maybe I just want to store that. Maybe I just want to uh um have that. Maybe I just want to uh um have. That. Maybe I just want to uh um have have some some way to to capture that have some some way to to capture that. Have some some way to to capture that and look at it whenever whenever I feel and look at it whenever whenever I feel. And look at it whenever whenever I feel like. So, I like the I like the all the like. So, I like the I like the all the. Like. So, I like the I like the all the different options that you provide to different options that you provide to. Different options that you provide to get notifications because it's not get notifications because it's not. Get notifications because it's not everything I I want to be alerted about. Everything I I want to be alerted about. Everything I I want to be alerted about. Some things I just would like to see Some things I just would like to see Some things I just would like to see. What what happened. But but but yeah, what what happened. But but but yeah, what what happened. But but but yeah,. For sure some things uh need my for sure some things uh need my for sure some things uh need my. Attention right away. Just one question. Attention right away. Just one question. Attention right away. Just one question. I think you kind of mentioned it uh also I think you kind of mentioned it uh also. I think you kind of mentioned it uh also with the relays, but is there any way to. With the relays, but is there any way to with the relays, but is there any way to. Invoke a smart contract if if something invoke a smart contract if if something invoke a smart contract if if something. Is happening? Uh let's say some things I is happening? Uh let's say some things I. Is happening? Uh let's say some things I think you mentioned it a little bit like. Think you mentioned it a little bit like think you mentioned it a little bit like. Let's say something is going on that I let's say something is going on that I let's say something is going on that I. That that is triggering an event and I that that is triggering an event and I that that is triggering an event and I. Maybe want to pause something uh if this maybe want to pause something uh if this. Maybe want to pause something uh if this event happens is is there any way to do event happens is is there any way to do. Event happens is is there any way to do that? Yeah. So um that's where the that? Yeah. So um that's where the. That? Yeah. So um that's where the relayers come in. The relayers give you relayers come in. The relayers give you. Relayers come in. The relayers give you kind of like the tool to actually like kind of like the tool to actually like. Kind of like the tool to actually like then pass this token contract. So in then pass this token contract. So in. Then pass this token contract. So in itself the monitors um are not able to itself the monitors um are not able to. Itself the monitors um are not able to do like onchain transactions but that's do like onchain transactions but that's. Do like onchain transactions but that's kind of where the relayer component kind of where the relayer component. Kind of where the relayer component comes in. So you would be able to define comes in. So you would be able to define. Comes in. So you would be able to define the custom script that I talked about the custom script that I talked about. The custom script that I talked about where you uh include a relayer and then where you uh include a relayer and then. Where you uh include a relayer and then like call the relayer to do a onchain like call the relayer to do a onchain. Like call the relayer to do a onchain transaction for example a pass function transaction for example a pass function. Transaction for example a pass function call uh within a contract. So um I think call uh within a contract. So um I think. Call uh within a contract. So um I think like end of Q2 so one and a half month like end of Q2 so one and a half month. Like end of Q2 so one and a half month we will have Soroban um support. Great. We will have Soroban um support. Great. We will have Soroban um support. Great. I think we should do another session I think we should do another session I think we should do another session. When when the wheel is is is ready. Yeah when when the wheel is is is ready. Yeah. When when the wheel is is is ready. Yeah sounds good. Thank you for joining today. Sounds good. Thank you for joining today sounds good. Thank you for joining today. And thank you for everyone who who and thank you for everyone who who and thank you for everyone who who. Joined the call here. We'll see you next joined the call here. We'll see you next. Joined the call here. We'll see you next week. Yeah, thanks thanks everyone for week. Yeah, thanks thanks everyone for. Week. Yeah, thanks thanks everyone for listening in. Bye bye.
