All right let me know when those all right let me know when those streams live. All right all right hello like thank you all right all right hello like thank you so much for coming and also thank you so much for coming and also thank you so much for coming and also thank you for bearing with us we had a few for bearing with us we had a few. For bearing with us we had a few technical difficulties but we're able to technical difficulties but we're able to. Technical difficulties but we're able to get it started shortly get it started shortly. Get it started shortly you know welcome everyone to the you know welcome everyone to the. You know welcome everyone to the workshop my name is uncle liu I'm a workshop my name is uncle liu I'm a. Workshop my name is uncle liu I'm a program manager at the Stellar program manager at the stella. Program manager at the Stellar development foundation and i'll kick off development foundation and i'll kick off. Development foundation and i'll kick off today's workshop and this weekend's today's workshop and this weekend's. Today's workshop and this weekend's hackathon hackathon hackathon you must know me from the many emails. You must know me from the many emails you must know me from the many emails i've sent you over the past few days. I've sent you over the past few days i've sent you over the past few days with the result of you either being here. With the result of you either being here with the result of you either being here. In person or watching virtually in person or watching virtually in person or watching virtually. and like so and like so and like so again thanks all for coming and let's. Again thanks all for coming and let's again thanks all for coming and let's. Start off a little bit about sdf so the Stellar development foundation or so the Stellar development foundation or. Sdf for short is a non-profit sdf for short is a non-profit sdf for short is a non-profit. Organization founded in 2014 organization founded in 2014 organization founded in 2014. To support the development and growth of to support the development and growth of. To support the development and growth of the open source Stellar network and with. The open source Stellar network and with the open source Stellar network and with. Seller stf seeks to unlock the world's seller stf seeks to unlock the world's seller stf seeks to unlock the world's. Economic potential by making money more economic potential by making money more economic potential by making money more. Fluid markets more open and people more fluid markets more open and people more fluid markets more open and people more. Empowered empowered empowered the foundation helps Stellar maintain the foundation helps Stellar maintain. The foundation helps Stellar maintain Stellar's code base supports the Stellar's code base supports the. Stellar's code base supports the technical and business communities technical and business communities. Technical and business communities around Stellar and provides thought around Stellar and provides thought. Around Stellar and provides thought leadership to regulators and other leadership to regulators and other. Leadership to regulators and other stakeholders so what is this network stakeholders so what is this network. Stakeholders so what is this network that we're looking to support that we're looking to support. That we're looking to support Stellar is an open source blockchain Stellar is an open source blockchain. Stellar is an open source blockchain network with the goal to provide network with the goal to provide. Network with the goal to provide financial infrastructure that's fast financial infrastructure that's fast. Financial infrastructure that's fast cost effective resilient and most cost effective resilient and most. Cost effective resilient and most importantly available and accessible to importantly available and accessible to. Importantly available and accessible to anyone regardless of where they live anyone regardless of where they live. Anyone regardless of where they live and this is really important and this is really important. And this is really important individual individual payment schemes individual individual payment schemes. Individual individual payment schemes are currently not interoperable are currently not interoperable. Are currently not interoperable in the traditional financial system and in the traditional financial system and. In the traditional financial system and this leads to high fees and delays this leads to high fees and delays. This leads to high fees and delays especially when transferring value especially when transferring value. Especially when transferring value and it's also inequitable as it excludes and it's also inequitable as it excludes. And it's also inequitable as it excludes billions of people who currently do not billions of people who currently do not. Billions of people who currently do not have access to traditional financial have access to traditional financial. Have access to traditional financial services services services blockchain technology is challenging us. Blockchain technology is challenging us blockchain technology is challenging us to think about money and value in a new. To think about money and value in a new to think about money and value in a new way presenting the opportunity to make. Way presenting the opportunity to make way presenting the opportunity to make it better. It better it better more effective and more efficient more effective and more efficient. More effective and more efficient its use cases go far beyond just its use cases go far beyond just. Its use cases go far beyond just investing in cryptocurrencies and investing in cryptocurrencies and. Investing in cryptocurrencies and in much the same way that the internet in much the same way that the internet. In much the same way that the internet democratized access to information democratized access to information. Democratized access to information Stellar uses blockchain to democratize Stellar uses blockchain to democratize. Stellar uses blockchain to democratize access to the financial system and it access to the financial system and it. Access to the financial system and it can make sending value around the world can make sending value around the world. Can make sending value around the world as easy as sending an email as easy as sending an email. As easy as sending an email Stellar was founded in 2014 after bitcoin Stellar was founded in 2014 after bitcoin. Stellar was founded in 2014 after bitcoin and ethereum and ethereum and ethereum oh sorry I think my mic had some of my. Oh sorry I think my mic had some of my oh sorry I think my mic had some of my hair. Hair hair and handles millions of transactions and handles millions of transactions. And handles millions of transactions each day submitted by businesses banks each day submitted by businesses banks. Each day submitted by businesses banks governments and developers like governments and developers like. Governments and developers like yourselves all over the world yourselves all over the world. Yourselves all over the world to build innovative financial products to build innovative financial products. To build innovative financial products and services and services and services to date there are over 90. To date there are over 90 to date there are over 90 2000 2000 2000 unique assets issued on Stellar and. Unique assets issued on Stellar and unique assets issued on Stellar and there are over 6.6. There are over 6.6 there are over 6.6 million accounts in existence million accounts in existence. Million accounts in existence and in 2021 alone and in 2021 alone and in 2021 alone. the network processed over two the network processed over two the network processed over two. Billion operations from which 155 billion operations from which 155 billion operations from which 155. Million are payments million are payments million are payments and this shows really that the network. And this shows really that the network and this shows really that the network is built to scale and is actively used. Is built to scale and is actively used is built to scale and is actively used and a Stellar is an energy efficient. And a Stellar is an energy efficient and a Stellar is an energy efficient syncing mechanism specifically designed. Syncing mechanism specifically designed syncing mechanism specifically designed for remittances and payments. For remittances and payments for remittances and payments transactions are processed within. Transactions are processed within transactions are processed within seconds and cost way less than a penny. Seconds and cost way less than a penny seconds and cost way less than a penny so what can you actually do with Stellar. So what can you actually do with Stellar so what can you actually do with Stellar. On Stellar you can issue your own assets on Stellar you can issue your own assets. On Stellar you can issue your own assets as tokens on the network as tokens on the network. As tokens on the network think stable coins like uscc think stable coins like uscc. Think stable coins like uscc cryptocurrencies real estate and of cryptocurrencies real estate and of. Cryptocurrencies real estate and of course nfds course nfds course nfds practically anything. Practically anything practically anything then you can also trade these tokens then you can also trade these tokens. Then you can also trade these tokens peer-to-peer peer-to-peer peer-to-peer using a built-in decentralized exchange. Using a built-in decentralized exchange using a built-in decentralized exchange or the recently added automatic market. Or the recently added automatic market or the recently added automatic market maker functionality. Maker functionality maker functionality you can also transform currency as you you can also transform currency as you. You can also transform currency as you send it which is a powerful feature for send it which is a powerful feature for. Send it which is a powerful feature for cross-border payments cross-border payments. Cross-border payments but let's get back to why you're all but let's get back to why you're all. But let's get back to why you're all here today the Stellar nft hackathon as here today the Stellar nft hackathon as. Here today the Stellar nft hackathon as the main sponsors of this year's the main sponsors of this year's. The main sponsors of this year's south by southwest financial 3.0 south by southwest financial 3.0. South by southwest financial 3.0 summit the Stellar development summit the Stellar development. Summit the Stellar development foundation is sponsoring a 48 hour foundation is sponsoring a 48 hour. Foundation is sponsoring a 48 hour hybrid hackathon starting right now that hybrid hackathon starting right now that. Hybrid hackathon starting right now that challenges the experience and newcomers challenges the experience and newcomers. Challenges the experience and newcomers alike to build a project on Stellar that alike to build a project on Stellar that. Alike to build a project on Stellar that incorporates the use of nfts incorporates the use of nfts. Incorporates the use of nfts so we have ten thousand dollars worth in so we have ten thousand dollars worth in. So we have ten thousand dollars worth in prizes worth of excellent prizes prizes worth of excellent prizes. Prizes worth of excellent prizes excellent Stellar's native currency and excellent Stellar's native currency and. Excellent Stellar's native currency and these prizes will will be awarded to the these prizes will will be awarded to the. These prizes will will be awarded to the best implementations of the following best implementations of the following. Best implementations of the following challenges challenges challenges that combine the best of art and. That combine the best of art and that combine the best of art and technology technology. Technology so let's start with the artist challenge so let's start with the artist challenge. So let's start with the artist challenge so first up we have the Stellar nft so first up we have the Stellar nft. So first up we have the Stellar nft artist challenge where you will create artist challenge where you will create. Artist challenge where you will create art based on a prompt and mint it as an art based on a prompt and mint it as an. Art based on a prompt and mint it as an nft enlightenment which is an nft nft enlightenment which is an nft. Nft enlightenment which is an nft marketplace on Stellar marketplace on Stellar marketplace on Stellar. And so the art prompt that we'll use for and so the art prompt that we'll use for. And so the art prompt that we'll use for this challenge will embody the spirit of. This challenge will embody the spirit of this challenge will embody the spirit of. The metaverse so there is a very the metaverse so there is a very the metaverse so there is a very. Different many interpretations to what different many interpretations to what different many interpretations to what. The metaverse actually looks like so we the metaverse actually looks like so we the metaverse actually looks like so we. Encourage you to explore your inner encourage you to explore your inner encourage you to explore your inner. Artists and create an image video or artists and create an image video or artists and create an image video or. Audio file that reflect your version of audio file that reflect your version of audio file that reflect your version of. The metaphors in whatever form it takes the metaphors in whatever form it takes the metaphors in whatever form it takes. Awards for the most stunning nfts will awards for the most stunning nfts will awards for the most stunning nfts will. Be willow win awards totaling fifteen be willow win awards totaling fifteen. Be willow win awards totaling fifteen hundred dollars worth of xlm allocated hundred dollars worth of xlm allocated. Hundred dollars worth of xlm allocated by the Stellar dev and nft community by the Stellar dev and nft community. By the Stellar dev and nft community and to participate in this particular and to participate in this particular. And to participate in this particular challenge you can scan the qr code or challenge you can scan the qr code or. Challenge you can scan the qr code or enter bit.li enter bit.li enter bit.li Stellar nft artist. Stellar nft artist Stellar nft artist and register and register and register but but. But more relevant to this workshop we have more relevant to this workshop we have. More relevant to this workshop we have the Stellar nft wizard challenge where the Stellar nft wizard challenge where. The Stellar nft wizard challenge where you will build you will build you will build. Innovative nft experiences on Stellar innovative nft experiences on Stellar innovative nft experiences on Stellar. Go beyond just buying and selling and go beyond just buying and selling and go beyond just buying and selling and. Explore how these composable nfts open explore how these composable nfts open explore how these composable nfts open. Up opportunities for you as a developer up opportunities for you as a developer up opportunities for you as a developer. Prices totaling prices totaling prices totaling 8500 worth dollars worth of xlm will be. 8500 worth dollars worth of xlm will be 8500 worth dollars worth of xlm will be awarded to the most interesting. Awarded to the most interesting awarded to the most interesting implementations implementations. Implementations so to all of you watching right now head so to all of you watching right now head. So to all of you watching right now head over to stellarnft.devpost.com over to stellarnft.devpost.com. Over to stellarnft.devpost.com and make sure to register today and make sure to register today. And make sure to register today the deadline for both of these the deadline for both of these. The deadline for both of these challenges is sunday march 13th at 2 30 challenges is sunday march 13th at 2 30. Challenges is sunday march 13th at 2 30 p.m central time so go out there and p.m central time so go out there and. P.m central time so go out there and build something awesome build something awesome. Build something awesome and all communications will be in the and all communications will be in the. And all communications will be in the Stellar developer discord including the Stellar developer discord including the. Stellar developer discord including the live chat for today's workshop so live chat for today's workshop so . Live chat for today's workshop so definitely I recommend if you want to definitely I recommend if you want to. Definitely I recommend if you want to ask any questions ask any questions ask any questions. Please scan the link or head over to the please scan the link or head over to the. Please scan the link or head over to the steli developer discord steli developer discord. Steli developer discord and ask your questions in the workshop and ask your questions in the workshop. And ask your questions in the workshop live chat and all of the virtual live chat and all of the virtual. live chat and all of the virtual identities and in personalities should identities and in personalities should. Identities and in personalities should have received an email with that link as have received an email with that link as. Have received an email with that link as well so if you're not able to scan it . Well so if you're not able to scan it well so if you're not able to scan it . Please look it up in your email please look it up in your email please look it up in your email. And now I leave this up for a bit while and now I leave this up for a bit while and now I leave this up for a bit while. I give the word to tyler to actually I give the word to tyler to actually I give the word to tyler to actually. Start our nft workshop all right all right I will add my welcome I will add my welcome. I will add my welcome thank you all so much for attending thank you all so much for attending. Thank you all so much for attending thanks for your patience while we got thanks for your patience while we got. Thanks for your patience while we got ourselves settled we're here to talk about nfts. We're here to talk about nfts nfts are an incredible economic nfts are an incredible economic. Nfts are an incredible economic innovation being developed on the innovation being developed on the. Innovation being developed on the blockchain blockchain blockchain but as with any innovation there's a lot. But as with any innovation there's a lot but as with any innovation there's a lot. Of funk mixed in with the fresh of funk mixed in with the fresh of funk mixed in with the fresh. It's my aim today to focus on some of it's my aim today to focus on some of it's my aim today to focus on some of. The interesting use cases for nfts made the interesting use cases for nfts made the interesting use cases for nfts made. Possible by the incredible technical possible by the incredible technical possible by the incredible technical. Functionality of the blockchain they're functionality of the blockchain they're functionality of the blockchain they're. Built on built on built on specifically the Stellar blockchain specifically the Stellar blockchain. Specifically the Stellar blockchain but who am I my name is tyler van der but who am I my name is tyler van der. But who am I my name is tyler van der hoeven and I lead ecosystem engineering hoeven and I lead ecosystem engineering. Hoeven and I lead ecosystem engineering at the Stellar development foundation at the Stellar development foundation. At the Stellar development foundation i've been at the sdf for just over two i've been at the sdf for just over two. I've been at the sdf for just over two years but have been building on the years but have been building on the. Years but have been building on the Stellar stack for Stellar stack for Stellar stack for. Almost six years almost six years almost six years now now now i've built many various production and. I've built many various production and i've built many various production and experimental products on Stellar. Experimental products on Stellar experimental products on Stellar everything from games and developer. Everything from games and developer everything from games and developer tooling to educational resources and. Tooling to educational resources and tooling to educational resources and funding programs. Funding programs funding programs Stellar is a vibrant and expressive tech Stellar is a vibrant and expressive tech. Stellar is a vibrant and expressive tech stack able to handle an incredibly stack able to handle an incredibly. Stack able to handle an incredibly diverse scope of financial use cases before we get into the meat of the talk. Before we get into the meat of the talk I'm going to quickly call out our I'm going to quickly call out our. I'm going to quickly call out our Stellar developer discord server as well Stellar developer discord server as well. Stellar developer discord server as well and ensure that everyone has a chance to. And ensure that everyone has a chance to and ensure that everyone has a chance to. Join that join that join that myself and the rest of the devrel team myself and the rest of the devrel team. Myself and the rest of the devrel team will be hanging out there this weekend will be hanging out there this weekend. Will be hanging out there this weekend to answer questions to answer questions to answer questions. And help you and help you and help you as you continue your exciting journey as you continue your exciting journey. As you continue your exciting journey into Stellar into Stellar into Stellar and once you join that discord the. And once you join that discord the and once you join that discord the server you're going to want to look look. Server you're going to want to look look server you're going to want to look look. For is the workshop live channel for is the workshop live channel for is the workshop live channel. For entering your qa we're going to have for entering your qa we're going to have. For entering your qa we're going to have a couple of sessions for q a a couple of sessions for q a. A couple of sessions for q a today so if you're in that discord today so if you're in that discord. Today so if you're in that discord server if you have as you have questions server if you have as you have questions. Server if you have as you have questions enter those into that discord server enter those into that discord server. Enter those into that discord server so we can get to those questions later so we can get to those questions later. So we can get to those questions later on during our q a on during our q a on during our q a. All right let's talk road map where are all right let's talk road map where are all right let's talk road map where are. We headed today we headed today we headed today what will we be covering our talk is. What will we be covering our talk is what will we be covering our talk is going to be divided into three main. Going to be divided into three main going to be divided into three main sections sections. Sections we're going to talk about kind of the we're going to talk about kind of the. We're going to talk about kind of the theory and background nft's explained theory and background nft's explained. Theory and background nft's explained talk about nfts more specifically on the talk about nfts more specifically on the. Talk about nfts more specifically on the Stellar blockchain Stellar blockchain Stellar blockchain. And then finally we'll have a break in and then finally we'll have a break in and then finally we'll have a break in. There and then and then finally we'll there and then and then finally we'll there and then and then finally we'll. Come back to actually create an come back to actually create an come back to actually create an. Innovative Stellar nft so we'll get into innovative Stellar nft so we'll get into. Innovative Stellar nft so we'll get into the into the codes so so firstly we'll dive into nfts. So so firstly we'll dive into nfts explain more generally so we'll define explain more generally so we'll define. Explain more generally so we'll define some terminology some terminology some terminology. Then we'll cover some basic technical then we'll cover some basic technical then we'll cover some basic technical. Underpinnings of nfts with a specific underpinnings of nfts with a specific underpinnings of nfts with a specific. Aim of ensuring that we lead with the aim of ensuring that we lead with the aim of ensuring that we lead with the. Tech of nfts and not the hype tech of nfts and not the hype tech of nfts and not the hype. This is a cart and horse scenario and we this is a cart and horse scenario and we. This is a cart and horse scenario and we must ensure the order is correct or will. Must ensure the order is correct or will must ensure the order is correct or will. End up in the funk arena of nfts and end up in the funk arena of nfts and end up in the funk arena of nfts and. That is that is that is not where you want to be finally we'll not where you want to be finally we'll. Not where you want to be finally we'll spend a little time covering a specific spend a little time covering a specific. Spend a little time covering a specific use case involving creator economies use case involving creator economies. Use case involving creator economies this is an area I believe is ripe for this is an area I believe is ripe for. This is an area I believe is ripe for innovation and upset so as you're innovation and upset so as you're. Innovation and upset so as you're thinking through in your heads what thinking through in your heads what. Thinking through in your heads what might I build with nfts or what should I might I build with nfts or what should i. Might I build with nfts or what should I produce for this hackathon or even produce for this hackathon or even. Produce for this hackathon or even looking beyond looking beyond looking beyond this is an area that I'm particularly. This is an area that I'm particularly this is an area that I'm particularly interested in. Interested in interested in the goal here simply to to properly the goal here simply to to properly. The goal here simply to to properly orient our basic understanding of nfts orient our basic understanding of nfts. Orient our basic understanding of nfts as technology first before use case and as technology first before use case and. As technology first before use case and then to hopefully ignite some excitement then to hopefully ignite some excitement. Then to hopefully ignite some excitement for what the proper orientation will for what the proper orientation will. For what the proper orientation will then allow us to build then allow us to build. Then allow us to build next in section two of our talk we'll next in section two of our talk we'll. Next in section two of our talk we'll pivot our attention to observing nfts on pivot our attention to observing nfts on. Pivot our attention to observing nfts on the Stellar blockchain we'll cover some the Stellar blockchain we'll cover some. The Stellar blockchain we'll cover some basic Stellar terminology to ensure we basic Stellar terminology to ensure we. Basic Stellar terminology to ensure we don't get too lost in the woods of mumbo don't get too lost in the woods of mumbo. Don't get too lost in the woods of mumbo jumbo from there we'll take a closer jumbo from there we'll take a closer. Jumbo from there we'll take a closer look more specifically at the Stellar look more specifically at the Stellar. Look more specifically at the Stellar chain itself and its unique benefits chain itself and its unique benefits. Chain itself and its unique benefits as the host chain for your nft as the host chain for your nft. As the host chain for your nft initiatives initiatives initiatives next we'll finally we'll spend some. Next we'll finally we'll spend some next we'll finally we'll spend some time dissecting an actual nft. Time dissecting an actual nft time dissecting an actual nft live on the Stellar blockchain. live on the Stellar blockchain live on the Stellar blockchain observe its anatomy it's technical. Observe its anatomy it's technical observe its anatomy it's technical composition finally we'll end this. Composition finally we'll end this composition finally we'll end this section section. Section the the second section here actually the the second section here actually. The the second section here actually playing around with with the project playing around with with the project. Playing around with with the project that we're going to be building that we're going to be building. That we're going to be building later on after the break later on after the break. Later on after the break the goal here to make a convincing the goal here to make a convincing. The goal here to make a convincing argument for Stellar is your chain of argument for Stellar is your chain of. Argument for Stellar is your chain of choice for your next nft project and to choice for your next nft project and to. Choice for your next nft project and to crack the door crack the door crack the door. On what they might actually look like in on what they might actually look like in. On what they might actually look like in practice practice practice after this we'll have some we'll have. After this we'll have some we'll have after this we'll have some we'll have some time for some questions. Some time for some questions some time for some questions and then we'll move into a bit of a. And then we'll move into a bit of a and then we'll move into a bit of a break break. Break finally we'll come back for section finally we'll come back for section finally we'll come back for section. Three after the break we'll three after the break we'll three after the break we'll. Come back come back come back start working on our project for the start working on our project for the. Start working on our project for the afternoon we'll actually dive into the afternoon we'll actually dive into the. Afternoon we'll actually dive into the code covering the the layout and design code covering the the layout and design. Code covering the the layout and design constraints criteria of our project to constraints criteria of our project to. Constraints criteria of our project to ensure that we're all on the same page ensure that we're all on the same page. Ensure that we're all on the same page for what we'll actually be building then for what we'll actually be building then. For what we'll actually be building then we'll dive right into the code as i'll we'll dive right into the code as i'll. We'll dive right into the code as i'll walk us through the repo that i've walk us through the repo that i've. Walk us through the repo that i've constructed for this project constructed for this project. Constructed for this project it'll be a guided tour if you will it'll be a guided tour if you will. It'll be a guided tour if you will through the wonderful world of through the wonderful world of. Through the wonderful world of innovative nfts on Stellar innovative nfts on Stellar. Innovative nfts on Stellar finally of course we'll end with a with finally of course we'll end with a with. Finally of course we'll end with a with that repo and a website that repo and a website. That repo and a website where you can you can all clone that and where you can you can all clone that and. Where you can you can all clone that and play around yourselves play around yourselves. Play around yourselves in the hopes that that project will in the hopes that that project will. In the hopes that that project will serve as a good serve as a good serve as a good. Launch pad for your own innovative nft launch pad for your own innovative nft launch pad for your own innovative nft. Projects projects projects all right nfts explained all right nfts explained all right nfts explained. Let's cover some terminology there's let's cover some terminology there's let's cover some terminology there's. Really only three main terms that I feel really only three main terms that I feel. Really only three main terms that I feel like we really need to define at the like we really need to define at the. Like we really need to define at the outset terms that regardless of whether outset terms that regardless of whether. Outset terms that regardless of whether or not you agree with me or not or not you agree with me or not. Or not you agree with me or not are fundamental to our understanding of are fundamental to our understanding of. Are fundamental to our understanding of the construction and utility of nfts the construction and utility of nfts. The construction and utility of nfts and these terms are fungible and these terms are fungible. And these terms are fungible non-fungible and smart contracts we non-fungible and smart contracts we. Non-fungible and smart contracts we won't spend a lot of time won't spend a lot of time. Won't spend a lot of time believering these terms I'm just going believering these terms I'm just going. Believering these terms I'm just going to define them for the context of this to define them for the context of this. To define them for the context of this talk and then move on talk and then move on. Talk and then move on so first fungible fungibility is the so first fungible fungibility is the. So first fungible fungibility is the defining characteristic of an asset able defining characteristic of an asset able. Defining characteristic of an asset able to be divided and interchanged to be divided and interchanged. To be divided and interchanged indistinguishably from other units of indistinguishably from other units of. Indistinguishably from other units of that same asset that same asset that same asset. So you can think about it like drinking so you can think about it like drinking so you can think about it like drinking. From a glass of water you can sip more from a glass of water you can sip more from a glass of water you can sip more. Or less water but it's all just water or less water but it's all just water or less water but it's all just water. Each drop is indistinguishable identical each drop is indistinguishable identical. Each drop is indistinguishable identical equal to every other drop in the glass equal to every other drop in the glass. Equal to every other drop in the glass this is traditional this is like this is traditional this is like. This is traditional this is like traditional currency so dollars dimes traditional currency so dollars dimes. Traditional currency so dollars dimes pennies it's just money divisible pennies it's just money divisible. Pennies it's just money divisible exchangeable and identical in value its exchangeable and identical in value its. Exchangeable and identical in value its utility is to be an avenue of exchange utility is to be an avenue of exchange. Utility is to be an avenue of exchange for something else it is not itself the for something else it is not itself the. For something else it is not itself the commodity commodity commodity alternatively you've got non-fungible so. Alternatively you've got non-fungible so alternatively you've got non-fungible so. Non-fungibility non-fungibility non-fungibility is aiming to be a commodity or a is aiming to be a commodity or a. Is aiming to be a commodity or a collectible collectible collectible remember nft stands for non-fungible. Remember nft stands for non-fungible remember nft stands for non-fungible token so an asset intended to be held. Token so an asset intended to be held token so an asset intended to be held and enjoyed. And enjoyed and enjoyed or at least to be a direct vehicle for or at least to be a direct vehicle for. Or at least to be a direct vehicle for those types of experiences non-fungible those types of experiences non-fungible. Those types of experiences non-fungible assets achieve this in their nature as assets achieve this in their nature as. Assets achieve this in their nature as indivisible assets where each one is a indivisible assets where each one is a. Indivisible assets where each one is a whole on its own whole on its own whole on its own. Distinguishable and unique distinguishable and unique distinguishable and unique where fungible assets behave like water. Where fungible assets behave like water where fungible assets behave like water non-fungible assets behave more like. Non-fungible assets behave more like non-fungible assets behave more like tickets. Tickets tickets both opening access to experiences and both opening access to experiences and. Both opening access to experiences and each one being unique at some level even each one being unique at some level even. Each one being unique at some level even as there may be tickets to the same as there may be tickets to the same. As there may be tickets to the same experience each one may be for like a experience each one may be for like a. Experience each one may be for like a different seat different seat different seat. Finally that brings us to smart finally that brings us to smart finally that brings us to smart. Contracts the final essential term in contracts the final essential term in contracts the final essential term in. The the the in the this sort of trifecta of nfts in the this sort of trifecta of nfts. In the this sort of trifecta of nfts more generally and this I define as a more generally and this I define as a. More generally and this I define as a decentralized computer function decentralized computer function. Decentralized computer function controlling cryptographic accounts controlling cryptographic accounts. Controlling cryptographic accounts this is the the experience engine of our this is the the experience engine of our. This is the the experience engine of our nft nft nft nfts are the ticket unlocking the. Nfts are the ticket unlocking the nfts are the ticket unlocking the experiences as defined by these smart. Experiences as defined by these smart experiences as defined by these smart contracts this is where all of the. Contracts this is where all of the contracts this is where all of the innovation lies in our work on nfts this. Innovation lies in our work on nfts this innovation lies in our work on nfts this. Is where we begin to do things others is where we begin to do things others is where we begin to do things others. Could only dream and hope for in could only dream and hope for in could only dream and hope for in. Previous generations what blockchain previous generations what blockchain previous generations what blockchain. Gives us is decentralized cryptographic gives us is decentralized cryptographic gives us is decentralized cryptographic. Computer functions computer functions computer functions is this this ability to unlock an. Is this this ability to unlock an is this this ability to unlock an entirely new way to interact and. Entirely new way to interact and entirely new way to interact and transact within our communities. Transact within our communities transact within our communities let's dive into that. Let's dive into that let's dive into that a little more a little more a little more. So nfts let's talk about nfts explained we start at the the fundamental we start at the the fundamental. Foundational layer this is the the foundational layer this is the the foundational layer this is the the. Programmable contractible decentralized programmable contractible decentralized programmable contractible decentralized. Ticket concept we can move safely and ticket concept we can move safely and ticket concept we can move safely and. Powerful into a new realm powerful into a new realm powerful into a new realm of behaviors. Of behaviors of behaviors so so so asking questions which must always asking questions which must always. Asking questions which must always return consistent results these aren't return consistent results these aren't. Return consistent results these aren't necessarily new questions but they've necessarily new questions but they've. Necessarily new questions but they've never been decentralized and assured to never been decentralized and assured to. Never been decentralized and assured to be consistent before there was always be consistent before there was always. Be consistent before there was always some third party entity in the middle some third party entity in the middle. Some third party entity in the middle able to alter state change the narrative able to alter state change the narrative. Able to alter state change the narrative disrupt the experience what nfts give us. Disrupt the experience what nfts give us disrupt the experience what nfts give us. Is a tech stack on which to build is a tech stack on which to build is a tech stack on which to build. Consistent programmable experiences consistent programmable experiences consistent programmable experiences. Without disinterested or potentially or without disinterested or potentially or without disinterested or potentially or. Eventually nefarious middlemen eventually nefarious middlemen eventually nefarious middlemen. And this is a revolutionary concept and this is a revolutionary concept and this is a revolutionary concept. And I really want to I really want it to and I really want to I really want it to. And I really want to I really want it to sink in sink in sink in and it's tough because nowhere else in. And it's tough because nowhere else in and it's tough because nowhere else in our world do we operate like this. Our world do we operate like this our world do we operate like this absolutely every internet interaction. Absolutely every internet interaction absolutely every internet interaction that we have today operates on fluid. That we have today operates on fluid that we have today operates on fluid fundamentals prices change fees change. Fundamentals prices change fees change fundamentals prices change fees change morals change availability changes. Morals change availability changes morals change availability changes culture and ease of access change. Culture and ease of access change culture and ease of access change nothing is consistent. Nothing is consistent nothing is consistent but math is computer programs are smart. But math is computer programs are smart but math is computer programs are smart contracts on chain. Contracts on chain contracts on chain are are are tie that to internet experiences. Tie that to internet experiences tie that to internet experiences and you've just changed for the better. And you've just changed for the better and you've just changed for the better every online interaction for everyone. Every online interaction for everyone every online interaction for everyone everywhere instantly no if you're not. Everywhere instantly no if you're not everywhere instantly no if you're not getting it yet. Getting it yet getting it yet let's look into an example modern let's look into an example modern. Let's look into an example modern creator creator creator economies so consider all the big social media. So consider all the big social media platforms of our day instagram facebook platforms of our day instagram facebook. Platforms of our day instagram facebook tick tock youtube etsy spotify twitch tick tock youtube etsy spotify twitch. Tick tock youtube etsy spotify twitch the app stores the app stores the app stores. These are all the way that we entertain these are all the way that we entertain these are all the way that we entertain. Ourselves today these are the platforms ourselves today these are the platforms ourselves today these are the platforms. Where creators get paid where creators get paid where creators get paid it's where audiences pay to enjoy the. It's where audiences pay to enjoy the it's where audiences pay to enjoy the art and creativity of their fellow. Art and creativity of their fellow art and creativity of their fellow humans it's a wonderful thing that these. Humans it's a wonderful thing that these humans it's a wonderful thing that these. Platforms exist but there's one singular platforms exist but there's one singular. Platforms exist but there's one singular fundamental flaw fundamental flaw fundamental flaw. The platforms are fluid there's no the platforms are fluid there's no the platforms are fluid there's no. Consistency or guarantee the only thing consistency or guarantee the only thing consistency or guarantee the only thing. That you can be sure of as a creator and that you can be sure of as a creator and. That you can be sure of as a creator and consumer is that middlemen will squeeze consumer is that middlemen will squeeze. Consumer is that middlemen will squeeze out maximum profit margins between your out maximum profit margins between your. Out maximum profit margins between your money in and the creator's paycheck out money in and the creator's paycheck out. Money in and the creator's paycheck out it's unfortunate it's unfortunate it's unfortunate. But now thanks to blockchain and nfts but now thanks to blockchain and nfts but now thanks to blockchain and nfts. It's unnecessary it's unnecessary it's unnecessary the programming the contracts that run. The programming the contracts that run the programming the contracts that run these these platforms could and should. These these platforms could and should these these platforms could and should be run on chain wherever the transfer of. Be run on chain wherever the transfer of be run on chain wherever the transfer of. Value is involved value is involved value is involved consistency can and should be added to. Consistency can and should be added to consistency can and should be added to ensure the link between creators and. Ensure the link between creators and ensure the link between creators and fans is as close to peer-to-peer as. Fans is as close to peer-to-peer as fans is as close to peer-to-peer as possible and then all decentralized and. Possible and then all decentralized and possible and then all decentralized and and all of it decentralized such that no. And all of it decentralized such that no and all of it decentralized such that no. Single third party can alter the fees single third party can alter the fees single third party can alter the fees. Shut down the content and suck as much shut down the content and suck as much shut down the content and suck as much. Life out of the experience as possible life out of the experience as possible life out of the experience as possible. So alternatively to that what we have so alternatively to that what we have so alternatively to that what we have. Today let's consider enlightenment a today let's consider enlightenment a today let's consider enlightenment a. Decentralized nft marketplace on Stellar decentralized nft marketplace on Stellar. Decentralized nft marketplace on Stellar which we'll observe which we'll observe which we'll observe. In use in a bit in use in a bit in use in a bit the essential monetary transaction. The essential monetary transaction the essential monetary transaction programming is all running directly on. Programming is all running directly on programming is all running directly on chain. Chain chain enlightenment the visual interface has enlightenment the visual interface has. Enlightenment the visual interface has been disassociated from the monetary been disassociated from the monetary. Been disassociated from the monetary compensation model artists and fans can compensation model artists and fans can. Compensation model artists and fans can connect directly via on-chain nft data connect directly via on-chain nft data. Connect directly via on-chain nft data there's a world of work to be done there's a world of work to be done. There's a world of work to be done beyond just marketplaces though we beyond just marketplaces though we. Beyond just marketplaces though we really need to move away from just really need to move away from just. Really need to move away from just curation and discovery to deeper curation and discovery to deeper. Curation and discovery to deeper connections and interactions connections and interactions. Connections and interactions with those we already enjoy and with those we already enjoy and. With those we already enjoy and appreciate appreciate appreciate so I really consider this to be a. So I really consider this to be a so I really consider this to be a greenfield space for innovation. Greenfield space for innovation greenfield space for innovation and an entirely new way of looking at. And an entirely new way of looking at and an entirely new way of looking at creator economies it's really a creator. Creator economies it's really a creator creator economies it's really a creator micro economy where interactions and. Micro economy where interactions and micro economy where interactions and experiences are much smaller and more. Experiences are much smaller and more experiences are much smaller and more catered directly between artists and. Catered directly between artists and catered directly between artists and fans fans. Fans living room jam sessions kind of versus living room jam sessions kind of versus. Living room jam sessions kind of versus just another picture and an endless feed just another picture and an endless feed. Just another picture and an endless feed of content of content of content nfts allow for this we just need to. Nfts allow for this we just need to nfts allow for this we just need to build for it. So this brings us to our second section so this brings us to our second section where we move away from nfts more. Where we move away from nfts more where we move away from nfts more generally and begin to look specifically. Generally and begin to look specifically generally and begin to look specifically. At Stellar so just like nfts more generally there so just like nfts more generally there. Are some terminologies some some terms are some terminologies some some terms are some terminologies some some terms. That we should be familiar with before that we should be familiar with before that we should be familiar with before. Jumping into jumping into jumping into to Stellar more deeply first is to Stellar more deeply first is. To Stellar more deeply first is core core core core is the fundamental software Stellar. Core is the fundamental software Stellar core is the fundamental software Stellar. Validators used to run the Stellar validators used to run the Stellar validators used to run the Stellar. Blockchain all the features and blockchain all the features and blockchain all the features and. Functions describing what Stellar can functions describing what Stellar can functions describing what Stellar can. And cannot do live here in the core and cannot do live here in the core and cannot do live here in the core. Program program program that is Stellar that is Stellar that is Stellar next horizon the api access point. Next horizon the api access point next horizon the api access point unpacking core data into a collection of. Unpacking core data into a collection of unpacking core data into a collection of. Usable json endpoints for clients to usable json endpoints for clients to usable json endpoints for clients to. Connect with both on the browser and on connect with both on the browser and on connect with both on the browser and on. The server the server the server for the applications we'll build on for the applications we'll build on. For the applications we'll build on Stellar most of your interactions when Stellar most of your interactions when. Stellar most of your interactions when you're building Stellar applications you're building Stellar applications. You're building Stellar applications will be interacting with horizon at some will be interacting with horizon at some. Will be interacting with horizon at some level another one that you'll see pop up a lot. Another one that you'll see pop up a lot we talked about just a moment ago is we talked about just a moment ago is. We talked about just a moment ago is lightmint this is our premier nfc lightmint this is our premier nfc. Lightmint this is our premier nfc marketplace which is pioneering nft best marketplace which is pioneering nft best. Marketplace which is pioneering nft best practices for the Stellar ecosystem practices for the Stellar ecosystem. Practices for the Stellar ecosystem another one is ipfs interplanetary file another one is ipfs interplanetary file. Another one is ipfs interplanetary file system system system it's the de facto decentralized nft. It's the de facto decentralized nft it's the de facto decentralized nft metadata database so it's not a Stellar. Metadata database so it's not a Stellar metadata database so it's not a Stellar technology. Technology technology but it is one that we can easily but it is one that we can easily. But it is one that we can easily integrate with when constructing our integrate with when constructing our. Integrate with when constructing our Stellar nfts Stellar nfts Stellar nfts that's that's one you're going to see. That's that's one you're going to see that's that's one you're going to see. Popping up a lot popping up a lot popping up a lot finally trust lines finally trust lines. Finally trust lines this is a Stellar specific technology this is a Stellar specific technology. This is a Stellar specific technology these are assets so these are assets so these are assets so. Trust lines are assets on Stellar they trust lines are assets on Stellar they trust lines are assets on Stellar they. Exist as trust lines for an asset to exist as trust lines for an asset to exist as trust lines for an asset to. Exist a holder must first opt in exist a holder must first opt in exist a holder must first opt in. By creating a trust line to the assets by creating a trust line to the assets by creating a trust line to the assets. Issuing account this is accomplished via issuing account this is accomplished via. Issuing account this is accomplished via a change trust operation which we'll a change trust operation which we'll. A change trust operation which we'll observe later on when we dive into our observe later on when we dive into our. Observe later on when we dive into our project project project so these are terminologies you're going. So these are terminologies you're going so these are terminologies you're going to see popping up a lot in different. To see popping up a lot in different to see popping up a lot in different documentation. Documentation documentation and we'll cover some of these in more and we'll cover some of these in more. And we'll cover some of these in more detail later on detail later on detail later on. Next why build on Stellar next why build on Stellar next why build on Stellar there are many reasons you might choose. There are many reasons you might choose there are many reasons you might choose to build on Stellar not least of which. To build on Stellar not least of which to build on Stellar not least of which are things like Stellar being fast. Are things like Stellar being fast are things like Stellar being fast accessible affordable lean secure. Accessible affordable lean secure accessible affordable lean secure scalable compliance friendly and. Scalable compliance friendly and scalable compliance friendly and reliable reliable. Reliable however of all these significant however of all these significant however of all these significant. Benefits there's one often unsung hero benefits there's one often unsung hero benefits there's one often unsung hero. In this entourage of excellence that I in this entourage of excellence that I in this entourage of excellence that i. Would really like to highlight and that would really like to highlight and that would really like to highlight and that. Is that Stellar is equitable Stellar is a purpose-built blockchain on Stellar is a purpose-built blockchain on. A mission to become the global payment a mission to become the global payment a mission to become the global payment. Standard standard standard and at the floor of this objective is and at the floor of this objective is. And at the floor of this objective is the fundamental technical requirement the fundamental technical requirement. The fundamental technical requirement that Stellar maintain accessibility that Stellar maintain accessibility. That Stellar maintain accessibility the only way to become a global payment the only way to become a global payment. The only way to become a global payment standard is if everyone in the world is standard is if everyone in the world is. Standard is if everyone in the world is able to access and benefit from the able to access and benefit from the. Able to access and benefit from the chain chain chain from this foundation of accessibility. From this foundation of accessibility from this foundation of accessibility comes reliability. Comes reliability comes reliability but I don't I don't really mean or I but I don't I don't really mean or i. But I don't I don't really mean or I don't just mean that the network stays don't just mean that the network stays. Don't just mean that the network stays up I more primarily mean the reliability up I more primarily mean the reliability. Up I more primarily mean the reliability that comes from the actual governance that comes from the actual governance. That comes from the actual governance structure structure structure of the Stellar chain. Of the Stellar chain of the Stellar chain blockchains are expensive blockchains are expensive. Blockchains are expensive and validators shoulder that cost and validators shoulder that cost. And validators shoulder that cost the node's running the core software and the node's running the core software and. The node's running the core software and actually providing the decentralization actually providing the decentralization. Actually providing the decentralization of our network of our network of our network. In most other chains the compensation in most other chains the compensation in most other chains the compensation. For this service is provided in the form for this service is provided in the form. For this service is provided in the form of transaction fees where validators are. Of transaction fees where validators are of transaction fees where validators are. Paid by the network for running the paid by the network for running the paid by the network for running the. Network network network it's a reasonable model but it has one it's a reasonable model but it has one. It's a reasonable model but it has one glaring flaw in that now validators are glaring flaw in that now validators are. Glaring flaw in that now validators are directly incentivized to ensure the directly incentivized to ensure the. Directly incentivized to ensure the network is maximizing their profit network is maximizing their profit. Network is maximizing their profit returns returns returns for running the network versus using the. For running the network versus using the for running the network versus using the. Network network network so in this world high fees and so in this world high fees and. So in this world high fees and inefficiencies are a good thing for inefficiencies are a good thing for. Inefficiencies are a good thing for validators validators validators on Stellar this struggle is nowhere to. On Stellar this struggle is nowhere to on Stellar this struggle is nowhere to be seen because the network validators. Be seen because the network validators be seen because the network validators have the same incentives as the users. Have the same incentives as the users have the same incentives as the users they derive profit from their own. They derive profit from their own they derive profit from their own projects using Stellar versus. Projects using Stellar versus projects using Stellar versus those validators actually running. Those validators actually running those validators actually running Stellar validators are not paid by. Stellar validators are not paid by Stellar validators are not paid by Stellar they are paid same as you to. Stellar they are paid same as you to Stellar they are paid same as you to build profitable businesses on the. Build profitable businesses on the build profitable businesses on the network network. Network this fosters a network of low fees and this fosters a network of low fees and. This fosters a network of low fees and innovation for improving network innovation for improving network. Innovation for improving network efficiencies efficiencies efficiencies when we all make money the same way. When we all make money the same way when we all make money the same way we're all aligned on the same mission we. We're all aligned on the same mission we we're all aligned on the same mission we. Have a recipe for consistent reliable have a recipe for consistent reliable have a recipe for consistent reliable. And an accessible and an accessible and an accessible an accessible network for building. An accessible network for building an accessible network for building long-term long-term. Long-term legitimate profitable businesses finally let's let's move away from finally let's let's move away from. Theory to some practice theory to some practice theory to some practice what does an nft on instiller. what does an nft on instiller what does an nft on instiller actually look like what are the. Actually look like what are the actually look like what are the components necessary to pull one off. Components necessary to pull one off components necessary to pull one off there are three primary components. There are three primary components there are three primary components an nft issuing account. An nft issuing account an nft issuing account the nft metadata or the the link to the. The nft metadata or the the link to the the nft metadata or the the link to the asset. Asset asset and then there are there's nft issuing and then there are there's nft issuing. And then there are there's nft issuing criteria or the smart contract things criteria or the smart contract things. Criteria or the smart contract things like timed auctions the royalty payments like timed auctions the royalty payments. Like timed auctions the royalty payments will be building today also things like will be building today also things like. Will be building today also things like holder restrictions if holder restrictions if. Holder restrictions if you have different controls on your you have different controls on your. You have different controls on your asset I'm going to walk through the anatomy I'm going to walk through the anatomy. Of an nft on Stellar of an nft on Stellar of an nft on Stellar quickly so we're going to jump off of. Quickly so we're going to jump off of quickly so we're going to jump off of our slides for a moment. Our slides for a moment our slides for a moment so this is over on lightmint so this is over on lightmint. So this is over on lightmint this is one of my this is one of my this is one of my. Nft projects that I built way back when nft projects that I built way back when nft projects that I built way back when. I was getting started I was getting started I was getting started it's just a very simple algorithmic. It's just a very simple algorithmic it's just a very simple algorithmic created. Created created pixel glyph there's some neural network pixel glyph there's some neural network. Pixel glyph there's some neural network that's running you can see did a little that's running you can see did a little. That's running you can see did a little phrase and it'll build you an phrase and it'll build you an. Phrase and it'll build you an interesting nft interesting nft interesting nft so it exists as an image a title. So it exists as an image a title so it exists as an image a title description it's got some tags and stuff. Description it's got some tags and stuff description it's got some tags and stuff. If we scroll down here to our details you can see the ipfs hash right here you can see the ipfs hash right here. Which would hold which would hold which would hold if we were to click on that it would. If we were to click on that it would if we were to click on that it would pull up an actual json file this is this. Pull up an actual json file this is this pull up an actual json file this is this. Is a kind of standard way of describing is a kind of standard way of describing is a kind of standard way of describing. An nft from an ipfs hash an nft from an ipfs hash an nft from an ipfs hash so it's got that title description. So it's got that title description so it's got that title description an image link. An image link an image link if we were to actually open up that if we were to actually open up that. If we were to actually open up that image link you can see the the picture image link you can see the the picture. Image link you can see the the picture here on ipfs here on ipfs here on ipfs if we open up the the actual asset on. If we open up the the actual asset on if we open up the the actual asset on. Stellar so I'm going to open up Stellar Stellar so I'm going to open up Stellar Stellar so I'm going to open up Stellar. Expert which is a blockchain explorer expert which is a blockchain explorer expert which is a blockchain explorer. For Stellar for Stellar for Stellar you can see the asset right here we've you can see the asset right here we've. You can see the asset right here we've got our issuing accounts kind of hidden got our issuing accounts kind of hidden. Got our issuing accounts kind of hidden behind this behind this behind this our issuing account right here. Our issuing account right here our issuing account right here you can see that ipfs hash that's been. You can see that ipfs hash that's been you can see that ipfs hash that's been associated with our issuing account so a. Associated with our issuing account so a associated with our issuing account so a. Stellar account issues the nft other Stellar account issues the nft other Stellar account issues the nft other. Users can then open up a trust line for users can then open up a trust line for users can then open up a trust line for. That asset that asset that asset at which point the nft at which point the nft at which point the nft. Can move to that account whenever it's can move to that account whenever it's can move to that account whenever it's. Sold there's there's a couple other pieces there's there's a couple other pieces. Of information here if you scroll down of information here if you scroll down of information here if you scroll down. You can see some of the history of the you can see some of the history of the you can see some of the history of the. Nft some different operations for when nft some different operations for when nft some different operations for when. It was bought it was bought it was bought and sold and sold and sold we've already mentioned the the ipfs. We've already mentioned the the ipfs we've already mentioned the the ipfs hash there you've got that asset. Hash there you've got that asset hash there you've got that asset code code code but all kind of going back to that. But all kind of going back to that but all kind of going back to that original original. Original issuing account and then when you're on issuing account and then when you're on. Issuing account and then when you're on lightmint it's just providing this lightmint it's just providing this. Lightmint it's just providing this visual interface to something that visual interface to something that. Visual interface to something that exists on chain so if lightman were to exists on chain so if lightman were to. Exists on chain so if lightman were to go down you could very easily spin up go down you could very easily spin up. Go down you could very easily spin up some other interface and begin using some other interface and begin using. Some other interface and begin using horizon to pull in that in that horizon to pull in that in that. Horizon to pull in that in that information to pull in that data information to pull in that data. Information to pull in that data and show the and show the and show the show the nft again. So that particular nft is really so that particular nft is really primarily it just deals in those first. Primarily it just deals in those first primarily it just deals in those first two elements. Two elements two elements an nft issuing account and the an nft issuing account and the. an nft issuing account and the metadata the the issuing criteria or smart the the issuing criteria or smart. Contract ability of the nft when contract ability of the nft when contract ability of the nft when. Interacting directly on the sterile will interacting directly on the sterile will. Interacting directly on the sterile will be somewhat limiting in that particular be somewhat limiting in that particular. Be somewhat limiting in that particular scenario scenario scenario you have the native Stellar decks for. You have the native Stellar decks for you have the native Stellar decks for buying and selling nfts but that's about. Buying and selling nfts but that's about buying and selling nfts but that's about. It if you want to add more conditions to it if you want to add more conditions to. It if you want to add more conditions to the experience of your nft you'll need the experience of your nft you'll need. The experience of your nft you'll need to look beyond these to look beyond these to look beyond these. Vanilla nfts and move into the realm of vanilla nfts and move into the realm of vanilla nfts and move into the realm of. What I'm calling innovative nfts where what I'm calling innovative nfts where what I'm calling innovative nfts where. You combine arbitrary smart contract you combine arbitrary smart contract you combine arbitrary smart contract. Logic with this basic issuing account logic with this basic issuing account logic with this basic issuing account. And stored metadata and stored metadata and stored metadata for that for that for that. We turn to a project that I launched we turn to a project that I launched we turn to a project that I launched. In fall last year so nft.klpl.com so nft.klpl.com i've got a couple of i've got a couple of. I've got a couple of innovative smart nfts that i've built we'll go ahead and take a look at that. We'll go ahead and take a look at that I'm going to switch over here again so I'm going to switch over here again so. I'm going to switch over here again so i've got a few of them i've got a few of them. I've got a few of them I became interested in nfts background I became interested in nfts background. I became interested in nfts background august of last year and began just kind august of last year and began just kind. August of last year and began just kind of poking around at what they were what of poking around at what they were what. Of poking around at what they were what you could do with them you could do with them. You could do with them quickly kind of got bored of just making quickly kind of got bored of just making. Quickly kind of got bored of just making art and putting it on chain and wanted art and putting it on chain and wanted. Art and putting it on chain and wanted to do something a little different more to do something a little different more. To do something a little different more interesting more programmed and that's interesting more programmed and that's. Interesting more programmed and that's where smart nfcs came from where smart nfcs came from. Where smart nfcs came from the one that we're going to look at the one that we're going to look at. The one that we're going to look at today is called the dig i've only done today is called the dig i've only done. Today is called the dig i've only done three of these three of these three of these. But they're all quite different so I but they're all quite different so I but they're all quite different so i. Leave it to you to explore the rest of leave it to you to explore the rest of leave it to you to explore the rest of. Those but if we look at the dig this is a this is a an nft experience so it's like a social. An nft experience so it's like a social an nft experience so it's like a social experiment. Experiment experiment experience nft experience nft experience nft it's this singular nft that's this pixel. It's this singular nft that's this pixel it's this singular nft that's this pixel. Grid 40 by 40 pixels grid 40 by 40 pixels grid 40 by 40 pixels and the way that you interact with it is. And the way that you interact with it is and the way that you interact with it is. Actually by purchasing individual pixels actually by purchasing individual pixels. Actually by purchasing individual pixels off of the grid so users will come in off of the grid so users will come in. Off of the grid so users will come in they pick they kind of use the interface they pick they kind of use the interface. They pick they kind of use the interface to poke a couple of pixels the ones that. To poke a couple of pixels the ones that to poke a couple of pixels the ones that. They want to buy they want to buy they want to buy and then as this pic as this nft kind. And then as this pic as this nft kind and then as this pic as this nft kind. Of becomes minted as it gets as a as of becomes minted as it gets as a as of becomes minted as it gets as a as. These plot tokens is what they're called these plot tokens is what they're called. These plot tokens is what they're called get purchased you get closer and closer get purchased you get closer and closer. Get purchased you get closer and closer to the final nft you can see right here to the final nft you can see right here. To the final nft you can see right here we've actually got a few left so the we've actually got a few left so the. We've actually got a few left so the final nft hasn't actually minted yet final nft hasn't actually minted yet. Final nft hasn't actually minted yet does look like they've kind of uncovered. Does look like they've kind of uncovered does look like they've kind of uncovered. The wizard in the middle so the secret's the wizard in the middle so the secret's. The wizard in the middle so the secret's been revealed I guess been revealed I guess. Been revealed I guess if I were to log in with my albedo if I were to log in with my albedo. If I were to log in with my albedo account which is one of our if you've account which is one of our if you've. Account which is one of our if you've ever used metamask this is kind of ever used metamask this is kind of. Ever used metamask this is kind of similar you can see my you can see my my plot token that I purchased. My plot token that I purchased my plot token that I purchased somewhere down in here. Somewhere down in here somewhere down in here so there's a couple of different things. So there's a couple of different things so there's a couple of different things going on in this particular smart nft or. Going on in this particular smart nft or going on in this particular smart nft or. Innovative nft innovative nft innovative nft and that is that there is an nft that. And that is that there is an nft that and that is that there is an nft that will be minted but only after certain. Will be minted but only after certain will be minted but only after certain conditions have been met and in this. Conditions have been met and in this conditions have been met and in this case there are two. Case there are two case there are two first all of the pixels have to be first all of the pixels have to be. First all of the pixels have to be minted for this final nft to minted for this final nft to. Minted for this final nft to to be minted and then second if you to be minted and then second if you. To be minted and then second if you actually want to get this final nft you actually want to get this final nft you. Actually want to get this final nft you have to hold one of these plot tokens so have to hold one of these plot tokens so. Have to hold one of these plot tokens so only plot token holders only people who only plot token holders only people who. Only plot token holders only people who participated in the dig will actually be participated in the dig will actually be. Participated in the dig will actually be eligible to hold or claim this final nft. Eligible to hold or claim this final nft eligible to hold or claim this final nft. And so you kind of set up this arbitrary and so you kind of set up this arbitrary. And so you kind of set up this arbitrary logic within your smart contract logic within your smart contract. Logic within your smart contract which create this interesting experience which create this interesting experience. Which create this interesting experience for an nft for an nft for an nft if you go and read our. If you go and read our if you go and read our drop document here you can see drop document here you can see. Drop document here you can see i've outlined i've outlined i've outlined all of the different criteria you know. All of the different criteria you know all of the different criteria you know what's going on. What's going on what's going on for this nft the different operations for this nft the different operations. For this nft the different operations within the command if you go and look at within the command if you go and look at. Within the command if you go and look at there's a guest that has the there's a guest that has the. There's a guest that has the the actual code for the smart contract the actual code for the smart contract. The actual code for the smart contract there's actually three different there's actually three different. There's actually three different commands in this single smart contract commands in this single smart contract. Commands in this single smart contract one for digging up plot tokens one for digging up plot tokens. One for digging up plot tokens one for minting which you can't actually one for minting which you can't actually. One for minting which you can't actually run yet because the nft hasn't been run yet because the nft hasn't been. Run yet because the nft hasn't been fully dug fully dug fully dug and then there'll be another one that'll. And then there'll be another one that'll and then there'll be another one that'll. Open up as well once the mint command open up as well once the mint command open up as well once the mint command. Has been run has been run has been run where you can issue yourself where you can issue yourself. Where you can issue yourself for free essentially that final nft for free essentially that final nft. For free essentially that final nft if you hold a plot token so you can go if you hold a plot token so you can go. If you hold a plot token so you can go through these different through these different. Through these different functions here that actually provide the functions here that actually provide the. Functions here that actually provide the criteria under which those individual criteria under which those individual. Criteria under which those individual commands can actually be run so again i've done a couple of these. So again i've done a couple of these they've all been a lot of fun they've all been a lot of fun. They've all been a lot of fun to really start to explore what can to really start to explore what can. to really start to explore what can we do beyond just putting art on chain we do beyond just putting art on chain. We do beyond just putting art on chain you can build these little you can build these little. You can build these little microcosmic experiences these little microcosmic experiences these little. Microcosmic experiences these little games where yes it might be pretty games where yes it might be pretty. Games where yes it might be pretty focused there may not be millions of focused there may not be millions of. Focused there may not be millions of people that interact with this people that interact with this. People that interact with this but you don't need that if you can build but you don't need that if you can build. But you don't need that if you can build something interesting and something something interesting and something. Something interesting and something focused focused focused you can get your small community your. You can get your small community your you can get your small community your people to get engaged with the content. People to get engaged with the content people to get engaged with the content that you're generating without having to. That you're generating without having to that you're generating without having to. Go through any specific third party next next so so so that's that's the the kale pale. That's that's the the kale pale that's that's the the kale pale collection it's it's quite fancy. Collection it's it's quite fancy collection it's it's quite fancy but it's a little bit too deep for our. But it's a little bit too deep for our but it's a little bit too deep for our first stab at an innovative nft for for. First stab at an innovative nft for for first stab at an innovative nft for for our time here this afternoon. Our time here this afternoon our time here this afternoon for that we're finally going to turn to. For that we're finally going to turn to for that we're finally going to turn to the afternoon's task at hand. The afternoon's task at hand the afternoon's task at hand and that's the project that we'll be. And that's the project that we'll be and that's the project that we'll be covering today an innovative royalty. Covering today an innovative royalty covering today an innovative royalty payments. Payments payments nft project nft project nft project so I'm going to walk through this real. So I'm going to walk through this real so I'm going to walk through this real quick before we have some questions. Quick before we have some questions quick before we have some questions again if you've got questions make sure. Again if you've got questions make sure again if you've got questions make sure you're in that. You're in that you're in that discord discord discord pop those into the chat we'll answer. Pop those into the chat we'll answer pop those into the chat we'll answer those in just a moment. Those in just a moment those in just a moment but I'm going to walk through the but I'm going to walk through the. But I'm going to walk through the project that we're actually going to be project that we're actually going to be. Project that we're actually going to be building building building today so this is a royalty payments nft. Today so this is a royalty payments nft today so this is a royalty payments nft project. Project project so i've got an account so i've got an account so i've got an account. Over in our gorgeous interface over in our gorgeous interface over in our gorgeous interface. I've got a user account that i've i've got a user account that i've i've got a user account that i've. Generated generated generated so this is this is going to be the so this is this is going to be the. So this is this is going to be the original minting account original minting account. Original minting account for the nft for the nft for the nft or the nfts that this account mints if. Or the nfts that this account mints if or the nfts that this account mints if you remember each nft has its own. You remember each nft has its own you remember each nft has its own issuing account so we're going to go. Issuing account so we're going to go issuing account so we're going to go ahead and generate a brand new issuing. Ahead and generate a brand new issuing ahead and generate a brand new issuing account. Account account which will be the the host of our new which will be the the host of our new. Which will be the the host of our new nft that we're about to mint nft that we're about to mint. Nft that we're about to mint the next thing we're going to need is an the next thing we're going to need is an. The next thing we're going to need is an ipfs hash ipfs hash ipfs hash and I'm using. And I'm using and I'm using nft.storage nft.storage nft.storage to host my nfts. To host my nfts to host my nfts the images the images the images and i've gone ahead and uploaded one. And i've gone ahead and uploaded one and i've gone ahead and uploaded one here here. Here I'm gonna grab that I'm gonna grab that I'm gonna grab that we've got our new issuing account right. We've got our new issuing account right we've got our new issuing account right here. Here here funded funded funded we'll put in this ipfs hash and then we'll put in this ipfs hash and then. We'll put in this ipfs hash and then we'll click mint and when we do we'll click mint and when we do. We'll click mint and when we do that ipfs hash will be attached to the that ipfs hash will be attached to the. That ipfs hash will be attached to the issuing account that we just generated issuing account that we just generated. Issuing account that we just generated up above up above up above kind of bundling it all together and. Kind of bundling it all together and kind of bundling it all together and then issuing my user account. Then issuing my user account then issuing my user account this brand new this brand new. This brand new nft so we'll go ahead and do that nft so we'll go ahead and do that. Nft so we'll go ahead and do that and this is actually happening right now and this is actually happening right now. And this is actually happening right now on chain on chain on chain all of these nfts are actually going on. All of these nfts are actually going on all of these nfts are actually going on to it's right now the Stellar test net. To it's right now the Stellar test net to it's right now the Stellar test net but we've actually literally gone and. But we've actually literally gone and but we've actually literally gone and minted a brand new nft on the Stellar. Minted a brand new nft on the Stellar minted a brand new nft on the Stellar. Test net so there it is that's my nft test net so there it is that's my nft test net so there it is that's my nft. I'm going to go ahead and sell this I'm I'm going to go ahead and sell this I'm I'm going to go ahead and sell this I'm. Going to sell it for going to sell it for going to sell it for 100 xlm you'll remember. 100 xlm you'll remember 100 xlm you'll remember that we're actually that we're actually. That we're actually adding a 10 royalty so what's 10 of 100 adding a 10 royalty so what's 10 of 100. Adding a 10 royalty so what's 10 of 100 it's 10 so this nft will actually be it's 10 so this nft will actually be. It's 10 so this nft will actually be being sold for 110 being sold for 110 being sold for 110. Xlm if we go and open up an alternative an alternative browser here I'm going to pull this over. Browser here I'm going to pull this over browser here I'm going to pull this over. I'm also going to open up browsers to work with let's go ahead and browsers to work with let's go ahead and. Refresh this we should see that refresh this we should see that refresh this we should see that. Nft available for sale right there we can see those nfts we can see those nfts available to purchase I'm going to go. Available to purchase I'm going to go available to purchase I'm going to go ahead and buy this one so this is. Ahead and buy this one so this is ahead and buy this one so this is we will go down 110 here and we should. We will go down 110 here and we should we will go down 110 here and we should go up 110 for the account that actually. Go up 110 for the account that actually go up 110 for the account that actually owns it. Owns it owns it so we'll so we'll so we'll make that purchase over on this page make that purchase over on this page. Make that purchase over on this page we're able to sell it now because we're able to sell it now because. We're able to sell it now because we're the owner if we refresh this we're the owner if we refresh this. We're the owner if we refresh this browser over here and I'm actually just browser over here and I'm actually just. Browser over here and I'm actually just going to shrink this down for a moment going to shrink this down for a moment. Going to shrink this down for a moment we can see that that now has 110. if we we can see that that now has 110. if we. We can see that that now has 110. if we sell this let's say we'll do 50 sell this let's say we'll do 50. Sell this let's say we'll do 50 they're going to sell their xlm at a they're going to sell their xlm at a. They're going to sell their xlm at a loss bummer and then we'll refresh this page we'll. And then we'll refresh this page we'll should see 55 because it's the the 50 should see 55 because it's the the 50. Should see 55 because it's the the 50 plus the five for the 10 royalty plus the five for the 10 royalty. Plus the five for the 10 royalty and if we buy this what should happen and if we buy this what should happen. And if we buy this what should happen this account should receive this account should receive. This account should receive 50 and this account should actually 50 and this account should actually. 50 and this account should actually receive five because the royalty payment receive five because the royalty payment. Receive five because the royalty payment is going from the purchase here where five goes over. The purchase here where five goes over to the original minter as a royalty to the original minter as a royalty. To the original minter as a royalty payment and then 50 goes to the user payment and then 50 goes to the user. Payment and then 50 goes to the user who's actually selling so we should see who's actually selling so we should see. Who's actually selling so we should see this go up by 50 this go up by 50 this go up by 50. And this one should go to 10 1 5 and this one should go to 10 1 5 and this one should go to 10 1 5. And that's exactly what happened so our and that's exactly what happened so our and that's exactly what happened so our. Contract is working contract is working contract is working the nft is actually being able to. the nft is actually being able to the nft is actually being able to it's being sold between these two. It's being sold between these two it's being sold between these two accounts so these two accounts. Accounts so these two accounts accounts so these two accounts interacting directly with each other not. Interacting directly with each other not interacting directly with each other not. Involving the minting account at all and involving the minting account at all and. Involving the minting account at all and yet this account is consistently yet this account is consistently. Yet this account is consistently receiving its royalty payments as the receiving its royalty payments as the. Receiving its royalty payments as the nft is sold nft is sold nft is sold by other users. By other users by other users so this is this is what we're going so this is this is what we're going. So this is this is what we're going to be building today after a little bit of. After a little bit of q a so if you're interested excited q a so if you're interested excited. Q a so if you're interested excited intrigued intrigued intrigued I know I am. I know I am I know I am but before we before we go to that but before we before we go to that. but before we before we go to that we're gonna we've kind of gotten a taste we're gonna we've kind of gotten a taste. We're gonna we've kind of gotten a taste we've gotten a nice overlook of nfts in we've gotten a nice overlook of nfts in. We've gotten a nice overlook of nfts in general general general nfts on Stellar we'll take a a quick. Nfts on Stellar we'll take a a quick nfts on Stellar we'll take a a quick moment for some for some q a off of our. Moment for some for some q a off of our moment for some for some q a off of our discord server. Discord server discord server we'll take a break for about 15 minutes we'll take a break for about 15 minutes. We'll take a break for about 15 minutes or so and then we'll come back for our and then we'll come back for our. Afternoon of actually looking at looking afternoon of actually looking at looking. Afternoon of actually looking at looking at the programming looking at the code all right. All right do we have questions off of discord are do we have questions off of discord are. Do we have questions off of discord are we good let's go ahead and start oops let's . Let's go ahead and start oops let's let's start with let's start with let's start with . Some discord ones nope nope no in fact the application we'll be no in fact the application we'll be. No in fact the application we'll be building will not be fully decentralized building will not be fully decentralized. Building will not be fully decentralized for sake of making it a lot simpler to for sake of making it a lot simpler to. For sake of making it a lot simpler to actually initiate actually initiate actually initiate. But adding decentralization but adding decentralization but adding decentralization. isn't super difficult so it's but isn't super difficult so it's but isn't super difficult so it's but. It's not required for the hackathon   yeah sorry the question is does the. Yeah sorry the question is does the yeah sorry the question is does the go let's go back just real quick to the. Go let's go back just real quick to the go let's go back just real quick to the first question so that I can read that. First question so that I can read that first question so that I can read that off again. No no just ask me the first question no no just ask me the first question again just so I can get it for the folks. Again just so I can get it for the folks again just so I can get it for the folks. On online does it need to be fully on online does it need to be fully on online does it need to be fully. Decentralized so the question was does decentralized so the question was does decentralized so the question was does. The application does the hackathon the application does the hackathon the application does the hackathon. App need to be fully decentralized for app need to be fully decentralized for app need to be fully decentralized for. It to be valid and no it does not it to be valid and no it does not it to be valid and no it does not . It's fine if it's running it's fine if it's running it's fine if it's running centralized so long as it's actually on. Centralized so long as it's actually on centralized so long as it's actually on Stellar . Stellar Stellar and then the second question and then the second question and then the second question. Was do they need to have like a user do they need to have like a user interface interface. Interface for interact there needs to be something for interact there needs to be something. For interact there needs to be something that we can actually test and use and that we can actually test and use and. That we can actually test and use and building a gui is probably a really good building a gui is probably a really good. Building a gui is probably a really good way to do that if you've got like api way to do that if you've got like api. Way to do that if you've got like api docs that might be sufficient but there docs that might be sufficient but there. Docs that might be sufficient but there has to be something for us to actually has to be something for us to actually. Has to be something for us to actually test and play around with so test and play around with so. test and play around with so I would say a soft yes there needs to be I would say a soft yes there needs to be. I would say a soft yes there needs to be something to play with something to play with. Something to play with good question anything else all right do we have any questions. All right do we have any questions from the audience anybody have anything from the audience anybody have anything. From the audience anybody have anything pressing on their mind before we move pressing on their mind before we move. Pressing on their mind before we move to a break all right perfect all right perfect. We will move to a break and then come we will move to a break and then come we will move to a break and then come. Back in about 15 minutes or so and start back in about 15 minutes or so and start. Back in about 15 minutes or so and start diving into our actual project all right we're gonna jump back to our. All right we're gonna jump back to our seats seats seats or you can stand you know. Or you can stand you know or you can stand you know if you want all right so who's ready to start. All right so who's ready to start getting into some code getting into some code getting into some code. Before we do though before we do though before we do though i've got two slides left that I want to. I've got two slides left that I want to i've got two slides left that I want to cover about both the technical blueprint. Cover about both the technical blueprint cover about both the technical blueprint. For a project along with the for a project along with the for a project along with the. Relationship between how our seller nft relationship between how our seller nft relationship between how our seller nft. exists and it's like the relationship exists and it's like the relationship. exists and it's like the relationship between our seller nft and what I'm between our seller nft and what I'm. Between our seller nft and what I'm calling the nft auth server calling the nft auth server. Calling the nft auth server so first the design so first the design so first the design. Of our nft of our nft of our nft so what we're going to build so what we're going to build. So what we're going to build what we're going to build is what we're going to build is. What we're going to build is an application that configures an an application that configures an. An application that configures an issuing account issuing account issuing account. Attaches metadata to it attaches metadata to it attaches metadata to it issues that nft. Issues that nft issues that nft and then finally obviously it will and then finally obviously it will. And then finally obviously it will require that all sales of the nft require that all sales of the nft. Require that all sales of the nft sends back a 10 royalty payment to the sends back a 10 royalty payment to the. Sends back a 10 royalty payment to the original minting account whenever the original minting account whenever the. Original minting account whenever the nft is sold next how we're going to build it there's. Next how we're going to build it there's going to be a client interface so this going to be a client interface so this. Going to be a client interface so this is the website or marketplace for our is the website or marketplace for our. Is the website or marketplace for our royalty payment nft royalty payment nft royalty payment nft. And we're also going to build an and we're also going to build an and we're also going to build an. Authorization server authorization server authorization server so that'll be that the authorization. So that'll be that the authorization so that'll be that the authorization server auth server is a Stellar. Server auth server is a Stellar server auth server is a Stellar transaction builder. Transaction builder transaction builder that opens and closes authorization for that opens and closes authorization for. That opens and closes authorization for our innovative nft ensuring that royalty our innovative nft ensuring that royalty. Our innovative nft ensuring that royalty payments are in fact being issued payments are in fact being issued. Payments are in fact being issued whenever the nft whenever the nft whenever the nft. is sold is sold is sold so finally tying this all together so finally tying this all together. So finally tying this all together let's talk a little bit more about let's talk a little bit more about . Let's talk a little bit more about about our auth server as it relates to about our auth server as it relates to. About our auth server as it relates to asset authorization controls so there asset authorization controls so there. Asset authorization controls so there was a question about was a question about was a question about. Decentralization so let's talk about that just a little so let's talk about that just a little. Bit bit bit seller's design includes account and seller's design includes account and. Seller's design includes account and trustline controls trustline controls trustline controls. There are a few different types of there are a few different types of there are a few different types of. Controls controls controls that assets can have but in our case that assets can have but in our case. That assets can have but in our case we're going to configure full control we're going to configure full control. We're going to configure full control where an asset exists where an asset exists. Where an asset exists as an entirely permissioned asset as an entirely permissioned asset. As an entirely permissioned asset its movement then its ability to be its movement then its ability to be. Its movement then its ability to be bought sold and even held is entirely bought sold and even held is entirely. Bought sold and even held is entirely under the control of the issuing account under the control of the issuing account. Under the control of the issuing account this will allow us to insert our royalty. This will allow us to insert our royalty this will allow us to insert our royalty. Payment logic in between payment logic in between payment logic in between some authorization operations when. Some authorization operations when some authorization operations when building Stellar transactions. Building Stellar transactions building Stellar transactions so the transaction building will be. So the transaction building will be so the transaction building will be taking place on our auth server. Taking place on our auth server taking place on our auth server right now this auth server will be. Right now this auth server will be right now this auth server will be hosted by us. Hosted by us hosted by us not very decentralized not very decentralized not very decentralized. But for those taking notes this but for those taking notes this but for those taking notes this. Liability can be removed right now via liability can be removed right now via liability can be removed right now via. An ecosystem initiative called Stellar an ecosystem initiative called Stellar an ecosystem initiative called Stellar. Turrets turrets turrets which takes the auth server smart which takes the auth server smart. Which takes the auth server smart contracts that we'll be building and contracts that we'll be building and. Contracts that we'll be building and executes them on a decentralized network executes them on a decentralized network. Executes them on a decentralized network of servers of servers of servers alternatively. Alternatively alternatively the seller development foundation sdf the seller development foundation sdf. The seller development foundation sdf has recently announced an exciting has recently announced an exciting. Has recently announced an exciting new initiative code named jump can it new initiative code named jump can it. New initiative code named jump can it project jump canon which will bring this project jump canon which will bring this. Project jump canon which will bring this auth server functionality straight to auth server functionality straight to. Auth server functionality straight to layer one layer one layer one so in a word smart contracts directly on. So in a word smart contracts directly on so in a word smart contracts directly on. Stellar with our nft design understood and the with our nft design understood and the. Foundations of asset authorization laid foundations of asset authorization laid foundations of asset authorization laid. We can finally turn to our code editor we can finally turn to our code editor we can finally turn to our code editor. To begin walking through the repo to begin walking through the repo to begin walking through the repo. Containing our innovative royalty containing our innovative royalty containing our innovative royalty. Payments payments payments project so I'm going to switch real project so I'm going to switch real. Project so I'm going to switch real quick to quick to quick to mirror my displays. So that I can so that I can code here so inside our project and i'll give you so inside our project and i'll give you. The repo if you haven't already found it the repo if you haven't already found it. The repo if you haven't already found it yet yet yet some of you some of you some of you. Aggressive personalities probably aggressive personalities probably aggressive personalities probably. Already found my repo already found my repo already found my repo but I'm going to be walking through the. But I'm going to be walking through the but I'm going to be walking through the repo i'll share it with you. Repo i'll share it with you repo i'll share it with you afterwards afterwards afterwards. But try and follow with me as we walk but try and follow with me as we walk but try and follow with me as we walk. Through the project that we have and through the project that we have and through the project that we have and. Then when you get your own then when you get your own then when you get your own version of the repo you can kind of dive. Version of the repo you can kind of dive version of the repo you can kind of dive. Through what we've got so we've got two through what we've got so we've got two through what we've got so we've got two. Different directories here one is our different directories here one is our different directories here one is our. Client and one is our server the client client and one is our server the client client and one is our server the client. Obviously being the front end of the obviously being the front end of the obviously being the front end of the. Application and the server being the application and the server being the application and the server being the. Back end auth server for our application back end auth server for our application. Back end auth server for our application let's go ahead and start let's go ahead and start. Let's go ahead and start on the client side on the client side on the client side. So this would be the website when we so this would be the website when we so this would be the website when we. Load in load in load in something like our something like our something like our application not sure why that's. Application not sure why that's application not sure why that's there we go and so let's walk through that i've put. And so let's walk through that i've put some comments in the most some comments in the most. Some comments in the most used parts of the the application so I'm not going to talk about css or. So I'm not going to talk about css or html much today so we'll go ahead and html much today so we'll go ahead and. Html much today so we'll go ahead and close those ones up close those ones up close those ones up. What I want to walk through more what I want to walk through more what I want to walk through more. Particularly particularly particularly are the actual methods that we're using are the actual methods that we're using. Are the actual methods that we're using to mint an nft to mint an nft to mint an nft. And then offer or trade the nft so those and then offer or trade the nft so those. And then offer or trade the nft so those are the two primary functions happening are the two primary functions happening. Are the two primary functions happening in our in our in our frontend application right where you can. Frontend application right where you can frontend application right where you can. Mint a brand new nft and then you can mint a brand new nft and then you can mint a brand new nft and then you can. Offer it for sale you can buy it so offer it for sale you can buy it so offer it for sale you can buy it so. There's really just two interactions but there's really just two interactions but. There's really just two interactions but the first thing the first thing the first thing. Before we can even get to that minting before we can even get to that minting before we can even get to that minting. Of an nft is when we actually click of an nft is when we actually click of an nft is when we actually click. Generate generate generate for creating a new public key so inside for creating a new public key so inside. For creating a new public key so inside of methods i've got three javascript of methods i've got three javascript. Of methods i've got three javascript files that I files that I files that I want to walk through the first one being. Want to walk through the first one being want to walk through the first one being. Creating an account creating an account creating an account so this this is triggered by the buttons. So this this is triggered by the buttons so this this is triggered by the buttons. That you click that you click that you click when you generate or regenerate kind of. When you generate or regenerate kind of when you generate or regenerate kind of create a new user account. Create a new user account create a new user account and that lives inside of this. And that lives inside of this and that lives inside of this method right here so let's walk through. Method right here so let's walk through method right here so let's walk through it and a lot of this is like once we've. It and a lot of this is like once we've it and a lot of this is like once we've covered one of these the way that you. Covered one of these the way that you covered one of these the way that you build Stellar transactions is kind of. Build Stellar transactions is kind of build Stellar transactions is kind of always the same so it'll start to feel a. Always the same so it'll start to feel a always the same so it'll start to feel a. Little bit repetitive but that's a good little bit repetitive but that's a good little bit repetitive but that's a good. Thing thing thing when we initially create an account what when we initially create an account what. When we initially create an account what we need to do is generate a brand new we need to do is generate a brand new. We need to do is generate a brand new key pair so 910 here key pair so 910 here key pair so 910 here. We generate a new public private key we generate a new public private key we generate a new public private key. Pair for for Stellar pair for for Stellar pair for for Stellar and since we're on test net we can use. And since we're on test net we can use and since we're on test net we can use friendbot to go ahead and create that. Friendbot to go ahead and create that friendbot to go ahead and create that account so that it exists on changes. Account so that it exists on changes account so that it exists on changes because you have a. Because you have a because you have a valid public private key fair doesn't valid public private key fair doesn't. Valid public private key fair doesn't mean that it automatically exists on mean that it automatically exists on. Mean that it automatically exists on chain you need to fund it you need to chain you need to fund it you need to. Chain you need to fund it you need to get it get it get it into a state where it exists on chain it. Into a state where it exists on chain it into a state where it exists on chain it. Can begin to receive or be the issuing can begin to receive or be the issuing can begin to receive or be the issuing. Account for an nft or hold nfts account for an nft or hold nfts account for an nft or hold nfts. So we're using friendbot here to do that so we're using friendbot here to do that. So we're using friendbot here to do that where we actually get some free it's where we actually get some free it's. Where we actually get some free it's kind of like a faucet if you've ever kind of like a faucet if you've ever. Kind of like a faucet if you've ever used those before used those before used those before. Get some free test net lumens get some free test net lumens get some free test net lumens. So we call that so we call that so we call that then we're going to load up then we're going to load up. Then we're going to load up the account the account the account to get its status as on chain so after. To get its status as on chain so after to get its status as on chain so after we've created it we can then call it to. We've created it we can then call it to we've created it we can then call it to load up its current state on chain. Load up its current state on chain load up its current state on chain if we're clicking the button where it's. If we're clicking the button where it's if we're clicking the button where it's just generating a new user account we go. Just generating a new user account we go just generating a new user account we go. Ahead and exit out of ahead and exit out of ahead and exit out of the then statement. The then statement the then statement and we just say super duper thanks for and we just say super duper thanks for. And we just say super duper thanks for the new account and i'll assign it to my the new account and i'll assign it to my. The new account and i'll assign it to my user user user that's what happens when you click on. that's what happens when you click on that's what happens when you click on. This generator regenerate button right this generator regenerate button right this generator regenerate button right. Here if however you are actually if however you are actually creating a new issuing account we need. Creating a new issuing account we need creating a new issuing account we need to do a little bit more. To do a little bit more to do a little bit more what we need to do is create the. what we need to do is create the what we need to do is create the account and then we actually need to. Account and then we actually need to account and then we actually need to associate a brand new signer to that. Associate a brand new signer to that associate a brand new signer to that account so Stellar has a multi-sig built. Account so Stellar has a multi-sig built account so Stellar has a multi-sig built. Right in at layer one right in at layer one right in at layer one where you can attach multiple signers. Where you can attach multiple signers where you can attach multiple signers when you initially create a public. When you initially create a public when you initially create a public private key pair. Private key pair private key pair the secret key you create for the public the secret key you create for the public. The secret key you create for the public key those two things are connected when key those two things are connected when. Key those two things are connected when you go and fund it that private key is you go and fund it that private key is. You go and fund it that private key is what gives you access to do anything what gives you access to do anything. What gives you access to do anything with the public key make payments send with the public key make payments send. With the public key make payments send operations etc operations etc operations etc. But you can also associate other private but you can also associate other private. But you can also associate other private keys other keys to that account where keys other keys to that account where. Keys other keys to that account where they also will have control over that they also will have control over that. They also will have control over that account and in our case that's what we account and in our case that's what we. Account and in our case that's what we need to do remember every nft need to do remember every nft. Need to do remember every nft has has has its own issuing account so in your nft its own issuing account so in your nft. Its own issuing account so in your nft project scenario you've got project scenario you've got. Project scenario you've got dozens hundreds of dozens hundreds of dozens hundreds of. Individual nfts but each one of those individual nfts but each one of those individual nfts but each one of those. Needs to be controlled by this needs to be controlled by this needs to be controlled by this. Authorization server where it's kind of authorization server where it's kind of authorization server where it's kind of. Inserting itself in the middle saying inserting itself in the middle saying inserting itself in the middle saying. Like oh like oh like oh before you do anything we need to make before you do anything we need to make. Before you do anything we need to make sure that if the sale is happening that sure that if the sale is happening that. Sure that if the sale is happening that an nft a royalty payment is going back an nft a royalty payment is going back. An nft a royalty payment is going back to the original mentor you can't just to the original mentor you can't just. To the original mentor you can't just do whatever you want with this nft do whatever you want with this nft. Do whatever you want with this nft there's an authorization server sitting there's an authorization server sitting. There's an authorization server sitting in the middle in the middle in the middle. That's ensuring royalty payments go out that's ensuring royalty payments go out that's ensuring royalty payments go out. Whenever it's appropriate whenever it's appropriate whenever it's appropriate and so for that. And so for that and so for that check to happen you need check to happen you need. Check to happen you need you need a signer you need a signer you need a signer but rather than storing. But rather than storing but rather than storing hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of. Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of secret seeds in your database we're. Secret seeds in your database we're secret seeds in your database we're going to attach one. Going to attach one going to attach one to every single issuing account so every to every single issuing account so every. To every single issuing account so every single new nft that we mint we're going single new nft that we mint we're going. Single new nft that we mint we're going to add this same to add this same to add this same. Authorization server authorization server authorization server signer that will now act as. Signer that will now act as signer that will now act as the intermediary sort of saying okay i. The intermediary sort of saying okay I the intermediary sort of saying okay I have permission to sign for this nft. Have permission to sign for this nft have permission to sign for this nft anytime you're trying to do something. Anytime you're trying to do something anytime you're trying to do something with it. With it with it and so before that can happen we need to and so before that can happen we need to. And so before that can happen we need to add this signer to each of these new add this signer to each of these new. Add this signer to each of these new issuing accounts and so that's what issuing accounts and so that's what. Issuing accounts and so that's what we're doing right here on line we're doing right here on line. We're doing right here on line 28 through 28 through 28 through 33 33 33. We're adding this new set operations we're adding this new set operations we're adding this new set operations. Operation so right here in this block in operation so right here in this block in. Operation so right here in this block in this if block we're building a new this if block we're building a new. This if block we're building a new transaction for the new account that we transaction for the new account that we. Transaction for the new account that we just created we're on testnet here you just created we're on testnet here you. Just created we're on testnet here you can read a little bit more information can read a little bit more information. Can read a little bit more information about fees or network passphrases and about fees or network passphrases and. About fees or network passphrases and then on this transaction we're adding a then on this transaction we're adding a. Then on this transaction we're adding a single single single operation and this is the set options. Operation and this is the set options operation and this is the set options operation where this signer is added. Operation where this signer is added operation where this signer is added this signer comes from. This signer comes from this signer comes from an environment variable on the client. An environment variable on the client an environment variable on the client side which is the public key. Side which is the public key side which is the public key for the auth servers signer. For the auth servers signer for the auth servers signer that auth server signer again being that. That auth server signer again being that that auth server signer again being that. Single signing key that will be attached single signing key that will be attached. Single signing key that will be attached to every single new nft that's minted so. To every single new nft that's minted so to every single new nft that's minted so. Now the auth server has control over now the auth server has control over now the auth server has control over. Every single nft that's being issued every single nft that's being issued every single nft that's being issued. Hopefully this is sending off some red hopefully this is sending off some red hopefully this is sending off some red. Flags in your mind this is where the flags in your mind this is where the flags in your mind this is where the. Decentralization piece will come in decentralization piece will come in decentralization piece will come in. Right you don't want one account right you don't want one account right you don't want one account. Controlling every single nft on your controlling every single nft on your controlling every single nft on your. Platform platform platform so in the Stellar turrets model which I so in the Stellar turrets model which i. So in the Stellar turrets model which I mentioned before you actually add lots mentioned before you actually add lots. Mentioned before you actually add lots of different signing keys each holding a of different signing keys each holding a. Of different signing keys each holding a different weight of the threshold right different weight of the threshold right. Different weight of the threshold right so if the if the account has let's say a so if the if the account has let's say a. So if the if the account has let's say a weight of 10 and each of these signers weight of 10 and each of these signers. Weight of 10 and each of these signers has a threshold of one you would need 10 has a threshold of one you would need 10. Has a threshold of one you would need 10 to agree before anything could happen to agree before anything could happen. To agree before anything could happen with that nft with that nft with that nft in the on-chain smart contract model the. In the on-chain smart contract model the in the on-chain smart contract model the. Actual account itself would be actual account itself would be actual account itself would be. Controlled by the code there wouldn't controlled by the code there wouldn't controlled by the code there wouldn't. Necessarily be necessarily be necessarily be some signer it would be the contract. Some signer it would be the contract some signer it would be the contract itself which would control the account. Itself which would control the account itself which would control the account the the contract would act as a signer. And so this right here super useful and so this right here super useful really interesting but this is where the. Really interesting but this is where the really interesting but this is where the. Decentralization piece becomes really decentralization piece becomes really decentralization piece becomes really. Important if you were to try and ship important if you were to try and ship important if you were to try and ship. This this this more widely moving on after we build our transaction moving on after we build our transaction. We can then get it signed we can then get it signed we can then get it signed and then submit it to the network. And then submit it to the network and then submit it to the network where this issuing account now has the. Where this issuing account now has the where this issuing account now has the signing key. Signing key signing key for the authorization server for the authorization server. For the authorization server at that point our account is fully ready at that point our account is fully ready. At that point our account is fully ready to have nft data associated to it to have nft data associated to it. To have nft data associated to it and that's where api mint command comes and that's where api mint command comes. And that's where api mint command comes in in in so we move after we create our account. So we move after we create our account so we move after we create our account we go to api mint this is what comes in. We go to api mint this is what comes in we go to api mint this is what comes in whenever you have your ipfs hash. Whenever you have your ipfs hash whenever you have your ipfs hash input there will be a button for minting. Input there will be a button for minting input there will be a button for minting. That will pop up that will pop up that will pop up we don't want to mint until we actually. We don't want to mint until we actually we don't want to mint until we actually have an ipfs hash so if we actually were. Have an ipfs hash so if we actually were have an ipfs hash so if we actually were. To click this to click this to click this I don't think abc is probably a valid I don't think abc is probably a valid. I don't think abc is probably a valid ipfs hash but ipfs hash but ipfs hash but my check is not particularly. My check is not particularly my check is not particularly intelligent there's something here. intelligent there's something here intelligent there's something here and so then the mint button becomes. And so then the mint button becomes and so then the mint button becomes available that button. Available that button available that button fires off this api mint fires off this api mint. Fires off this api mint function function function inside here we're actually all we're. Inside here we're actually all we're inside here we're actually all we're doing is calling our authorization. Doing is calling our authorization doing is calling our authorization server server. Server because we need to set up this new because we need to set up this new because we need to set up this new. Issuing account with the ipfs hash that issuing account with the ipfs hash that issuing account with the ipfs hash that. We want to attach which becomes the the we want to attach which becomes the the we want to attach which becomes the the. Representation of what our nrft actually representation of what our nrft actually. Representation of what our nrft actually behaves as behaves as behaves as so this we're going to look at this on. So this we're going to look at this on so this we're going to look at this on the server but this is a a fetch command. The server but this is a a fetch command the server but this is a a fetch command. That's made to our auth server we're going to pass it the user account we're going to pass it the user account. The issuer account that ipfs hash the issuer account that ipfs hash the issuer account that ipfs hash. That we we input that we we input that we we input and then it's going to go to the auth. And then it's going to go to the auth and then it's going to go to the auth server the auth server is going to make. Server the auth server is going to make server the auth server is going to make a check make sure everything looks fine. A check make sure everything looks fine a check make sure everything looks fine it's going to the out server is actually. It's going to the out server is actually it's going to the out server is actually. Going to build the transaction so we going to build the transaction so we going to build the transaction so we. Don't build the transaction on the don't build the transaction on the don't build the transaction on the. Client side we want to really be sure client side we want to really be sure client side we want to really be sure. That the transaction that's being built that the transaction that's being built that the transaction that's being built. Is exactly what we want it's kind of the is exactly what we want it's kind of the. Is exactly what we want it's kind of the building a smart contract on the fly if building a smart contract on the fly if. Building a smart contract on the fly if you will so the request goes to the you will so the request goes to the. You will so the request goes to the server the server will build this xdr server the server will build this xdr. Server the server will build this xdr will build this transaction the Stellar will build this transaction the Stellar. Will build this transaction the Stellar transaction according to whatever your transaction according to whatever your. Transaction according to whatever your smart contract logic is and then send smart contract logic is and then send. Smart contract logic is and then send that transaction back to the client for that transaction back to the client for. That transaction back to the client for any final signatures that might be any final signatures that might be. Any final signatures that might be needed for that transaction to be valid needed for that transaction to be valid. Needed for that transaction to be valid in our case the user needs to sign it in our case the user needs to sign it. In our case the user needs to sign it and we'll look at why that's the case and we'll look at why that's the case. And we'll look at why that's the case in a moment when we go to the server to in a moment when we go to the server to. In a moment when we go to the server to see what transaction is actually being see what transaction is actually being. See what transaction is actually being built built built finally then just like before. Finally then just like before finally then just like before once it's signed we can submit it to the. Once it's signed we can submit it to the once it's signed we can submit it to the. Network network network at this point I think it's probably at this point I think it's probably. At this point I think it's probably worth actually going to the server and worth actually going to the server and. Worth actually going to the server and looking at what's going on here there's looking at what's going on here there's. Looking at what's going on here there's not a lot not a lot not a lot that's going on inside of our server we. That's going on inside of our server we that's going on inside of our server we have some environment variables which. Have some environment variables which have some environment variables which actually denote. Actually denote actually denote those those those signer secrets there's also a sponsor. Signer secrets there's also a sponsor signer secrets there's also a sponsor secret which we'll look at in a minute. Secret which we'll look at in a minute secret which we'll look at in a minute but this is the signer secret this is. But this is the signer secret this is but this is the signer secret this is the actual signing key that will be the. The actual signing key that will be the the actual signing key that will be the authority for all of the nfts that are. Authority for all of the nfts that are authority for all of the nfts that are issued from our project. Issued from our project issued from our project this is the signing key that will be. This is the signing key that will be this is the signing key that will be that will be added to any xdr in each. That will be added to any xdr in each that will be added to any xdr in each Stellar transaction xdr. Stellar transaction xdr Stellar transaction xdr seller transaction same thing that will. Seller transaction same thing that will seller transaction same thing that will be. Be be generated from the back end of our generated from the back end of our generated from the back end of our. Application from our auth server application from our auth server application from our auth server. We've got an index here which is our we've got an index here which is our we've got an index here which is our. Router just a very simple collection of router just a very simple collection of router just a very simple collection of. Some routes you can see contract right some routes you can see contract right some routes you can see contract right. Here and then based off of the command here and then based off of the command here and then based off of the command. Of mint or offer of mint or offer of mint or offer it'll go here and then there's a little. It'll go here and then there's a little it'll go here and then there's a little switch statement if it's a mint it runs. Switch statement if it's a mint it runs switch statement if it's a mint it runs the mint. The mint the mint function if it's an offer it runs the function if it's an offer it runs the. Function if it's an offer it runs the offer function and those offer function and those. Offer function and those exist inside of the contracts directory exist inside of the contracts directory. Exist inside of the contracts directory and so let's go ahead and look at our and so let's go ahead and look at our. And so let's go ahead and look at our mint function here on the server function here on the server. And so this is going to look kind of and so this is going to look kind of and so this is going to look kind of. Familiar remember that the Stellar familiar remember that the Stellar familiar remember that the Stellar. Sdk that we're using this Stellar base sdk that we're using this Stellar base sdk that we're using this Stellar base. In this case in this case in this case works on both the client and the server works on both the client and the server. Works on both the client and the server side so what you will build when you build. So what you will build when you build transactions on the client it'll be very transactions on the client it'll be very. Transactions on the client it'll be very similar to how you build it on a server similar to how you build it on a server. Similar to how you build it on a server we go ahead and we go ahead and we go ahead and. Instantiate the function here this mint instantiate the function here this mint instantiate the function here this mint. Function we can gather our function we can gather our function we can gather our arguments you'll notice these look very. Arguments you'll notice these look very arguments you'll notice these look very similar to what we passed in on the. Similar to what we passed in on the similar to what we passed in on the client side. Client side client side we gather those put them into some we gather those put them into some. We gather those put them into some consts consts consts we instantiate nft as our asset this is. We instantiate nft as our asset this is we instantiate nft as our asset this is going to be the. Going to be the going to be the nft asset that we're actually going to nft asset that we're actually going to. Nft asset that we're actually going to issue that this issuing account is going issue that this issuing account is going. Issue that this issuing account is going to send out it's going to be called nft to send out it's going to be called nft. To send out it's going to be called nft that'll be the code for it and then we go and make a quick fetch. And then we go and make a quick fetch on horizon itself looking up this on horizon itself looking up this. On horizon itself looking up this account account account got to make sure that it actually exists. Got to make sure that it actually exists got to make sure that it actually exists. And then once we pull in that and then once we pull in that and then once we pull in that. Information we can begin to use information we can begin to use information we can begin to use. That account's information so that the that account's information so that the that account's information so that the. User account they're going to behave as user account they're going to behave as user account they're going to behave as. The source for any fees that are the source for any fees that are the source for any fees that are. Incurred when we actually submit the incurred when we actually submit the incurred when we actually submit the. Transaction to the network transaction to the network transaction to the network and then once we have that. And then once we have that and then once we have that it's time to actually begin building out. It's time to actually begin building out it's time to actually begin building out. Our our our transaction transaction transaction so Stellar transactions exist kind of. So Stellar transactions exist kind of so Stellar transactions exist kind of these envelopes that you put operations. These envelopes that you put operations these envelopes that you put operations into. Into into transactions on Stellar are atomic which transactions on Stellar are atomic which. Transactions on Stellar are atomic which means you can put lots of different means you can put lots of different. Means you can put lots of different operations into a Stellar transaction operations into a Stellar transaction. Operations into a Stellar transaction this kind of chain of events and either this kind of chain of events and either. This kind of chain of events and either all succeeds or it all fails together all succeeds or it all fails together. All succeeds or it all fails together you don't kind of have a partially you don't kind of have a partially. You don't kind of have a partially successful Stellar transaction the whole successful Stellar transaction the whole. Successful Stellar transaction the whole thing succeeds or fails together and thing succeeds or fails together and. Thing succeeds or fails together and this allows you to build some really this allows you to build some really. This allows you to build some really complex and relational logic in your complex and relational logic in your. Complex and relational logic in your transaction you can build you can transaction you can build you can. Transaction you can build you can include up to a hundred operations so include up to a hundred operations so. Include up to a hundred operations so that's a lot of logic that you can that's a lot of logic that you can. That's a lot of logic that you can include into a seller transaction and include into a seller transaction and. Include into a seller transaction and again it will all succeed or fail again it will all succeed or fail. Again it will all succeed or fail together you kind of you don't have to together you kind of you don't have to. Together you kind of you don't have to do this like oops it failed at this do this like oops it failed at this. Do this like oops it failed at this point now we need to like reverse go point now we need to like reverse go. Point now we need to like reverse go back up the chain and undo whatever we back up the chain and undo whatever we. Back up the chain and undo whatever we did before did before did before and this becomes really important when. And this becomes really important when and this becomes really important when we start getting into the offer contract. We start getting into the offer contract we start getting into the offer contract. Right here we've got a collection of right here we've got a collection of right here we've got a collection of. These different operations inside of our these different operations inside of our. These different operations inside of our mint contract and the first one you'll mint contract and the first one you'll. Mint contract and the first one you'll notice is set options notice is set options. Notice is set options where we are setting flags an inflation where we are setting flags an inflation. Where we are setting flags an inflation destination and then the source destination and then the source. Destination and then the source the flags here the flags here the flags here this is where we're actually locking. This is where we're actually locking this is where we're actually locking down the issuing account we're saying. Down the issuing account we're saying down the issuing account we're saying this asset is an authorized asset it's a. This asset is an authorized asset it's a this asset is an authorized asset it's a. Controlled asset no one's allowed to do controlled asset no one's allowed to do controlled asset no one's allowed to do. Anything with this asset unless the anything with this asset unless the anything with this asset unless the. Issuing account permits it unless we say issuing account permits it unless we say. Issuing account permits it unless we say so so so you can look there's a couple of. You can look there's a couple of you can look there's a couple of different flags that you can set. Different flags that you can set different flags that you can set inside of the set options you can look. Inside of the set options you can look inside of the set options you can look those up later but 15 that's kind of our. Those up later but 15 that's kind of our those up later but 15 that's kind of our. Max right now we're I'm allowed to do max right now we're I'm allowed to do max right now we're I'm allowed to do. Anything is the issuing account I have anything is the issuing account I have anything is the issuing account I have. Full control over this asset full control over this asset full control over this asset. The inflation destination the inflation destination the inflation destination . Stellar used to have an inflation Stellar used to have an inflation Stellar used to have an inflation. Mechanic that was retired by the mechanic that was retired by the mechanic that was retired by the. Ecosystem decided that it wasn't all ecosystem decided that it wasn't all ecosystem decided that it wasn't all. That helpful but there's still a field that helpful but there's still a field that helpful but there's still a field. That exists on Stellar accounts that you that exists on Stellar accounts that you. That exists on Stellar accounts that you I'm kind of now sub-opting I'm taking. I'm kind of now sub-opting I'm taking I'm kind of now sub-opting I'm taking. It over and I'm using it to store it over and I'm using it to store it over and I'm using it to store. The address for the the original mentor the address for the the original mentor the address for the the original mentor. So that when we come back in the future so that when we come back in the future so that when we come back in the future. And we're trying to make offers I know and we're trying to make offers I know and we're trying to make offers I know. Who am I supposed to send the royalty who am I supposed to send the royalty who am I supposed to send the royalty. Payment to this is where I'm going to payment to this is where I'm going to payment to this is where I'm going to. Store that store that store that so I'm going I'm gonna go ahead and so I'm going I'm gonna go ahead and. So I'm going I'm gonna go ahead and include it right here the user account include it right here the user account. Include it right here the user account the original minter the original minter the original minter. Next up we've got a manage data next up we've got a manage data next up we've got a manage data. Operation where that ipfs hash is being operation where that ipfs hash is being operation where that ipfs hash is being. Stored nothing fancy going on there stored nothing fancy going on there stored nothing fancy going on there. You've got a name and a value so ipfs you've got a name and a value so ipfs you've got a name and a value so ipfs. Hash so we know what it what key to look hash so we know what it what key to look. Hash so we know what it what key to look for and then the value of that for and then the value of that. For and then the value of that we're going to change trust if you we're going to change trust if you. We're going to change trust if you remember trust lines this is where this remember trust lines this is where this. Remember trust lines this is where this is going to come into play is going to come into play. Is going to come into play you've got we're going to put this on you've got we're going to put this on. You've got we're going to put this on put this on the user account the user put this on the user account the user. Put this on the user account the user account now is opening up trust for the account now is opening up trust for the. Account now is opening up trust for the nft right so the issuing account in this nft right so the issuing account in this. Nft right so the issuing account in this minting transaction is going to the nft minting transaction is going to the nft. Minting transaction is going to the nft is going to exist is going to exist is going to exist. But a user still needs to trust it the but a user still needs to trust it the but a user still needs to trust it the. User doesn't hold the nft yet the user doesn't hold the nft yet the user doesn't hold the nft yet the. Issuing account needs to send it but it issuing account needs to send it but it issuing account needs to send it but it. Can't send it can't send it can't send it unless the user trusts it first so unless the user trusts it first so. Unless the user trusts it first so that's what we're doing here in change that's what we're doing here in change. That's what we're doing here in change trust we're opening up a trust line trust we're opening up a trust line. Trust we're opening up a trust line for the nft next there are trustline flags this is. Next there are trustline flags this is where where where this is kind of the magic part of an. This is kind of the magic part of an this is kind of the magic part of an authorized asset anything that exists. Authorized asset anything that exists authorized asset anything that exists between the set trustline flags. Between the set trustline flags between the set trustline flags authorized true and authorized false. Authorized true and authorized false authorized true and authorized false this is kind of the. This is kind of the this is kind of the what do I want to allow what do I want to allow. What do I want to allow that I couldn't that I couldn't that I couldn't if this asset were not authorized so. If this asset were not authorized so if this asset were not authorized so because this is an authorized asset. Because this is an authorized asset because this is an authorized asset now I'm allowed to insert arbitrary. Now I'm allowed to insert arbitrary now I'm allowed to insert arbitrary logic in between in our case it's a. Logic in between in our case it's a logic in between in our case it's a royalty payment so. Royalty payment so royalty payment so I'm trusting the user account to hold I'm trusting the user account to hold. I'm trusting the user account to hold this asset yes they're allowed to this asset yes they're allowed to. This asset yes they're allowed to and and and inside of this authorization I'm making. Inside of this authorization I'm making inside of this authorization I'm making a payment. A payment a payment I'm going to send to the nft now that I'm going to send to the nft now that. I'm going to send to the nft now that it's trusted I'm going to send the nft it's trusted I'm going to send the nft. It's trusted I'm going to send the nft back to back to back to the user for for one one nft that. The user for for one one nft that the user for for one one nft that they're going to hold and then I'm going. They're going to hold and then I'm going they're going to hold and then I'm going. To lock that asset back down immediately to lock that asset back down immediately. To lock that asset back down immediately so they can hold the asset the asset so they can hold the asset the asset. So they can hold the asset the asset exists in the user account but they're exists in the user account but they're. Exists in the user account but they're not allowed to do anything with it they not allowed to do anything with it they. Not allowed to do anything with it they can't burn it can't burn it can't burn it. They can't sell it they can't sell it they can't sell it the only way they're going to be allowed. The only way they're going to be allowed the only way they're going to be allowed. To do anything else with this nft is to to do anything else with this nft is to to do anything else with this nft is to. Go back to the issuing account and get go back to the issuing account and get go back to the issuing account and get. Some authorization to do something with some authorization to do something with some authorization to do something with. It it it so at this point again because it's so at this point again because it's so at this point again because it's. Atomic you kind of have this chain of atomic you kind of have this chain of atomic you kind of have this chain of. Logic that's going down of these logic that's going down of these logic that's going down of these. Different operations that are happening different operations that are happening different operations that are happening. We open up the trust line we open up the trust line we open up the trust line we authorize it. We authorize it we authorize it we send the payment and then we we send the payment and then we. We send the payment and then we de-authorize it so the user now has it de-authorize it so the user now has it. De-authorize it so the user now has it once this transaction executes but they once this transaction executes but they. Once this transaction executes but they can't do anything with it can't do anything with it. Can't do anything with it finally then we've kind of bundle up finally then we've kind of bundle up. Finally then we've kind of bundle up this whole transaction into this whole transaction into. This whole transaction into the the xdr that we send back to the the the xdr that we send back to the. The the xdr that we send back to the client so this is where we take that client so this is where we take that. Client so this is where we take that transaction we convert it transaction we convert it. Transaction we convert it xdr is kind of like json it's a little xdr is kind of like json it's a little. Xdr is kind of like json it's a little bit more compact but same sort of thing bit more compact but same sort of thing. Bit more compact but same sort of thing where you're just taking some where you're just taking some. Where you're just taking some instructions and encoding it into a nice instructions and encoding it into a nice. Instructions and encoding it into a nice little package that you can send back little package that you can send back. Little package that you can send back to the to the client in this case to the to the client in this case. To the to the client in this case so that is our mint so that is our mint so that is our mint. method method method and so at this point once we've minted and so at this point once we've minted. And so at this point once we've minted an nft an nft an nft the user holds that nft they can't the. The user holds that nft they can't the the user holds that nft they can't the the original minter holds that nft they. The original minter holds that nft they the original minter holds that nft they can't do anything with it. Can't do anything with it can't do anything with it except whatever the except whatever the. Except whatever the authorization server allows for and the authorization server allows for and the. Authorization server allows for and the only thing in this case in our case that only thing in this case in our case that. Only thing in this case in our case that the authorization server allows for is the authorization server allows for is. The authorization server allows for is this api this api this api offer function offer function. Offer function and this is where you can start to get and this is where you can start to get. And this is where you can start to get really creative like minting the the really creative like minting the the. Really creative like minting the the process that i've used for minting will process that i've used for minting will. Process that i've used for minting will kind of be the same kind of be the same kind of be the same. You need to have an authorized asset you need to have an authorized asset you need to have an authorized asset. That you that you that you can now control what it's allowed to do can now control what it's allowed to do. Can now control what it's allowed to do so that people can't just bypass your so that people can't just bypass your. So that people can't just bypass your royalty payments or whatever other logic royalty payments or whatever other logic. Royalty payments or whatever other logic you have you have you have but after it's been authorized after you. But after it's been authorized after you but after it's been authorized after you. Know that you have an asset that is off know that you have an asset that is off know that you have an asset that is off. Controlled now you can insert whatever controlled now you can insert whatever controlled now you can insert whatever. Kind of logic you want kind of logic you want kind of logic you want in our case we're going to do royalty. In our case we're going to do royalty in our case we're going to do royalty payments but you've seen previously i. Payments but you've seen previously I payments but you've seen previously I had a whole bunch of random arbitrary. Had a whole bunch of random arbitrary had a whole bunch of random arbitrary logic inserted between authorizing open. Logic inserted between authorizing open logic inserted between authorizing open and closed in different transactions. And closed in different transactions and closed in different transactions so this is where you're really going to. So this is where you're really going to so this is where you're really going to start to look at what kind of creative. Start to look at what kind of creative start to look at what kind of creative interesting things do I want to do. Interesting things do I want to do interesting things do I want to do in my case it's royalty payments so. In my case it's royalty payments so in my case it's royalty payments so let's look at that. Let's look at that let's look at that when you actually go to when you actually go to. When you actually go to on the client side so we're back on the client side so we're back. on the client side so we're back inside the client application inside the client application. Inside the client application we've got this api offer method so let's we've got this api offer method so let's. We've got this api offer method so let's just walk through it briefly just walk through it briefly. Just walk through it briefly you've got a sell side or a buy side so you've got a sell side or a buy side so. You've got a sell side or a buy side so there's two things that are going to there's two things that are going to. There's two things that are going to happen when you have an nft either happen when you have an nft either. Happen when you have an nft either you're going to be selling it or you're you're going to be selling it or you're. You're going to be selling it or you're going to be buying it those are the only going to be buying it those are the only. Going to be buying it those are the only two things you can do two things you can do. Two things you can do and if you're the only way you can and if you're the only way you can. and if you're the only way you can buy it is if somebody else is selling it buy it is if somebody else is selling it. Buy it is if somebody else is selling it and so we're going to assume that if you. And so we're going to assume that if you and so we're going to assume that if you. Don't have it don't have it don't have it if you if you do have it that you're if you if you do have it that you're. If you if you do have it that you're selling it and if you don't have it selling it and if you don't have it. Selling it and if you don't have it you're buying it right so there's it's a you're buying it right so there's it's a. You're buying it right so there's it's a one of one nft one of one nft one of one nft. And so if it does exist and so if it does exist and so if it does exist out there as an offer you're going to. out there as an offer you're going to out there as an offer you're going to. Be trying to buy it otherwise if you be trying to buy it otherwise if you be trying to buy it otherwise if you. Have it you're going to be trying to have it you're going to be trying to have it you're going to be trying to. Sell it sell it sell it and so here if you're selling it and so here if you're selling it. And so here if you're selling it you can enter the the sale price for it you can enter the the sale price for it. You can enter the the sale price for it I don't actually have any nfts at the I don't actually have any nfts at the. I don't actually have any nfts at the moment I think if I go to moment I think if I go to. Moment I think if I go to one of my I think one of my I think one of my I think this one. This one this one holds it at the moment holds it at the moment holds it at the moment. So I can go and sell that so I can go and sell that so I can go and sell that that little modal pops up we'll put in. That little modal pops up we'll put in that little modal pops up we'll put in that hundred and then this one will be. That hundred and then this one will be that hundred and then this one will be for sale and we can move. For sale and we can move for sale and we can move into seeing that into seeing that. Into seeing that on this page here on this page here on this page here where we have the option to buy it so. Where we have the option to buy it so where we have the option to buy it so when we sold that right then this is the. When we sold that right then this is the when we sold that right then this is the. Modal that popped up we're on the buy we modal that popped up we're on the buy we. Modal that popped up we're on the buy we were on the sell side were on the sell side. Were on the sell side we configure our price we make sure that we configure our price we make sure that. We configure our price we make sure that the price is actually something valid the price is actually something valid. The price is actually something valid we need to go and find the issuing we need to go and find the issuing. We need to go and find the issuing account because that's the account account because that's the account. Account because that's the account that's going to hold information about that's going to hold information about. That's going to hold information about who the who the who the royalty payment should be going to. Royalty payment should be going to royalty payment should be going to it's also going to include what nft. it's also going to include what nft it's also going to include what nft are you selling. Are you selling are you selling and do you actually own it do you have and do you actually own it do you have. And do you actually own it do you have the right to sell it next up we actually call. Next up we actually call the the auth server the the auth server the the auth server. Contract offers we have mint and we also contract offers we have mint and we also. Contract offers we have mint and we also had offer this one is offer had offer this one is offer. Had offer this one is offer we've got a couple of different we've got a couple of different. We've got a couple of different arguments here you got your user account arguments here you got your user account. Arguments here you got your user account issuer account the offer id you can issuer account the offer id you can. Issuer account the offer id you can delete open offers delete open offers delete open offers. Otherwise you'll be creating a brand new otherwise you'll be creating a brand new. Otherwise you'll be creating a brand new one one one the price that you're inputting. The price that you're inputting the price that you're inputting in our case that was that was 100. in our case that was that was 100 in our case that was that was 100 and then depending on whether or not. And then depending on whether or not and then depending on whether or not it's a buy or a sell you're either going. It's a buy or a sell you're either going it's a buy or a sell you're either going. To be buying an nft to be buying an nft to be buying an nft or you're going to be. Or you're going to be or you're going to be buying I guess xlm right so buying I guess xlm right so. Buying I guess xlm right so it's always going to be putting out this it's always going to be putting out this. It's always going to be putting out this offer of I want to give an nft and offer of I want to give an nft and. Offer of I want to give an nft and receive xlm or I want to get an nft receive xlm or I want to get an nft. Receive xlm or I want to get an nft and give and give and give xlm xlm xlm. These are some of these things are these are some of these things are these are some of these things are. Hard-coded if you wanted to get more hard-coded if you wanted to get more hard-coded if you wanted to get more. Complex and do other assets you complex and do other assets you complex and do other assets you. Absolutely could it doesn't have to be absolutely could it doesn't have to be absolutely could it doesn't have to be. Done in xlm you can use other assets done in xlm you can use other assets done in xlm you can use other assets. There's loads and loads of them as you there's loads and loads of them as you there's loads and loads of them as you. Saw previously saw previously saw previously in our example to keep things simple we. In our example to keep things simple we in our example to keep things simple we are doing xlm for nfts but just be aware. Are doing xlm for nfts but just be aware are doing xlm for nfts but just be aware. That it's not that difficult actually to that it's not that difficult actually to. That it's not that difficult actually to open up access for for assets other open up access for for assets other. Open up access for for assets other than just native xlm than just native xlm than just native xlm. Then just like before we're going to then just like before we're going to then just like before we're going to. Make that call to the auth server make that call to the auth server make that call to the auth server. Everything's going to we're going to everything's going to we're going to everything's going to we're going to. Check everything make sure it's all check everything make sure it's all check everything make sure it's all. Legitimate then that auth server is legitimate then that auth server is legitimate then that auth server is. Going to build a transaction and send going to build a transaction and send going to build a transaction and send. That xdr back to the client that xdr back to the client that xdr back to the client. The client will then sign that the client will then sign that the client will then sign that. Sign that transaction and submit it to sign that transaction and submit it to sign that transaction and submit it to. The network the network the network so this point so this point so this point we should actually look at. We should actually look at we should actually look at that particular that particular. That particular contract over on our server server so this is the so this is the so this is the. This one right here is the offer this one right here is the offer this one right here is the offer. So there's a little bit more going on so there's a little bit more going on so there's a little bit more going on. Here but it's not still not that complex here but it's not still not that complex. Here but it's not still not that complex essentially we're trying to achieve the essentially we're trying to achieve the. Essentially we're trying to achieve the same thing we're trying to build an xdr same thing we're trying to build an xdr. Same thing we're trying to build an xdr which is either going to sell an nft which is either going to sell an nft. Which is either going to sell an nft or buy an nft or buy an nft or buy an nft depending on this the state. Depending on this the state depending on this the state and the requester the actual user. And the requester the actual user and the requester the actual user account that's coming in and the. Account that's coming in and the account that's coming in and the whether or not the that user holds or is. Whether or not the that user holds or is whether or not the that user holds or is. Looking to hold the nft looking to hold the nft looking to hold the nft so we set up some very basic checks we. So we set up some very basic checks we so we set up some very basic checks we get the parameters from. Get the parameters from get the parameters from the request maybe some of those comments and then. Maybe some of those comments and then what we do here very similar to what we what we do here very similar to what we. What we do here very similar to what we did before we go to the horizon we load did before we go to the horizon we load. Did before we go to the horizon we load up the account the user account is going up the account the user account is going. Up the account the user account is going to be the source of this transaction so to be the source of this transaction so. To be the source of this transaction so they will consume any fees again they will consume any fees again. They will consume any fees again for this transaction for this transaction for this transaction. Then we're going to look up the nft then we're going to look up the nft then we're going to look up the nft. Balance for the user account again this balance for the user account again this balance for the user account again this. Is going to be this toggle that if you is going to be this toggle that if you is going to be this toggle that if you. Hold the nft you're going to be a seller hold the nft you're going to be a seller. Hold the nft you're going to be a seller if you don't have the nft you're going if you don't have the nft you're going. If you don't have the nft you're going to be a buyer we need to make sure that the user. We need to make sure that the user regardless of whether or not they're regardless of whether or not they're. Regardless of whether or not they're buying or selling like you can't do buying or selling like you can't do. Buying or selling like you can't do anything with an nft if you don't hold anything with an nft if you don't hold. Anything with an nft if you don't hold it remember we need that trust line it remember we need that trust line. It remember we need that trust line opened to be able to do anything with opened to be able to do anything with. Opened to be able to do anything with this nft so the very first thing we're this nft so the very first thing we're. This nft so the very first thing we're going to do is check going to do is check going to do is check. If you don't have an nft balance we if you don't have an nft balance we if you don't have an nft balance we. Definitely need to open up a trust line definitely need to open up a trust line definitely need to open up a trust line. For that for that for that so we do that first so we do that first so we do that first. The next thing again regardless of the next thing again regardless of the next thing again regardless of. Whether you're buying or you're selling whether you're buying or you're selling whether you're buying or you're selling. You need permission from the auth server you need permission from the auth server. You need permission from the auth server to do anything with this asset and so to do anything with this asset and so. To do anything with this asset and so we're going to open up that trustline we're going to open up that trustline. We're going to open up that trustline flag again and say flag again and say flag again and say. As long as this trustline flag is open as long as this trustline flag is open as long as this trustline flag is open. So long as you have permission you're so long as you have permission you're so long as you have permission you're. Authorized anything that comes next authorized anything that comes next authorized anything that comes next. You're allowed to do and then we'll lock you're allowed to do and then we'll lock. You're allowed to do and then we'll lock it back down again at the end it back down again at the end. It back down again at the end and so we open up that kind of and so we open up that kind of. And so we open up that kind of regardless of whether you're buying or regardless of whether you're buying or. Regardless of whether you're buying or selling you're going to need selling you're going to need. Selling you're going to need permission so we're going to open up permission so we're going to open up. Permission so we're going to open up that authorization that authorization that authorization. And then we do the toggle and then we do the toggle and then we do the toggle of whether or not you're buying or. Of whether or not you're buying or of whether or not you're buying or you're selling if you have an nft. You're selling if you have an nft you're selling if you have an nft balance and that balance is greater than. Balance and that balance is greater than balance and that balance is greater than. Zero if you hold the nft then you are zero if you hold the nft then you are zero if you hold the nft then you are. Going to be trying to sell it going to be trying to sell it going to be trying to sell it. We're going to grab and we're going to begin so the sponsor and we're going to begin so the sponsor. Account we'll get to this in just a account we'll get to this in just a account we'll get to this in just a. Minute minute minute this is actually something very helpful this is actually something very helpful. This is actually something very helpful when we're starting to deal with when we're starting to deal with. When we're starting to deal with horizon and horizon and horizon and showcasing data so we'll skip that for. Showcasing data so we'll skip that for showcasing data so we'll skip that for just a moment and come back to it. Just a moment and come back to it just a moment and come back to it but if you're a seller of the nft the. But if you're a seller of the nft the but if you're a seller of the nft the thing that you that we really need to be. Thing that you that we really need to be thing that you that we really need to be. Doing is is manage a sell offer so doing is is manage a sell offer so doing is is manage a sell offer so. There's a Stellar operation called there's a Stellar operation called there's a Stellar operation called. Manage sell offer where you take a manage sell offer where you take a manage sell offer where you take a. Selling asset and a buying asset selling asset and a buying asset selling asset and a buying asset. An amount that you're trying to sell and an amount that you're trying to sell and. An amount that you're trying to sell and the price that you're trying to sell it the price that you're trying to sell it. The price that you're trying to sell it at and then the offer id in our case is at and then the offer id in our case is. At and then the offer id in our case is going to be zero if it's not zero you're going to be zero if it's not zero you're. Going to be zero if it's not zero you're going to be deleting the offer going to be deleting the offer. Going to be deleting the offer but if you're creating a brand new offer but if you're creating a brand new offer. But if you're creating a brand new offer then that will be zero then that will be zero. Then that will be zero so essentially you'll be selling the nft so essentially you'll be selling the nft. So essentially you'll be selling the nft buying xlm buying xlm buying xlm you'll be selling one whole nft. You'll be selling one whole nft you'll be selling one whole nft for whatever price you set on the client. For whatever price you set on the client for whatever price you set on the client. Side side side and then we're going to close that and then we're going to close that. And then we're going to close that sponsorship again we'll come back to sponsorship again we'll come back to. Sponsorship again we'll come back to that in just a bit that in just a bit that in just a bit. And so that would be the if statement if and so that would be the if statement if. And so that would be the if statement if you are selling an entity the only thing. You are selling an entity the only thing you are selling an entity the only thing. That you need to do if you're selling that you need to do if you're selling that you need to do if you're selling. The nft is get the nft up on the nft is get the nft up on the nft is get the nft up on. The the Stellar decks to actually put it the the Stellar decks to actually put it. The the Stellar decks to actually put it up for sale so that other people can see. Up for sale so that other people can see up for sale so that other people can see. It for sale and then offer to buy it it for sale and then offer to buy it it for sale and then offer to buy it. And so if we skip this other else and so if we skip this other else and so if we skip this other else. Statement statement statement the only thing the only other thing that the only thing the only other thing that. The only thing the only other thing that that that that that exists in that transaction is to. That exists in that transaction is to that exists in that transaction is to close. Close close the trustline flags the trustline flags the trustline flags that we opened up at the very beginning. That we opened up at the very beginning that we opened up at the very beginning we closed that so anything that happens. We closed that so anything that happens we closed that so anything that happens in between in this case the only thing. In between in this case the only thing in between in this case the only thing that's happening is the offer. That's happening is the offer that's happening is the offer to open up that offer we lock that down. To open up that offer we lock that down to open up that offer we lock that down now the offer exists on the decks but. Now the offer exists on the decks but now the offer exists on the decks but you can't do anything else with it. You can't do anything else with it you can't do anything else with it you've been given permission by the auth. You've been given permission by the auth you've been given permission by the auth. Server server server to put that nft up for sale to put that nft up for sale to put that nft up for sale. But now you can't do anything else with but now you can't do anything else with but now you can't do anything else with. It it it and so that xdr that transaction goes and so that xdr that transaction goes. And so that xdr that transaction goes back to the client and then it can be back to the client and then it can be. Back to the client and then it can be signed and submitted so if we were signed and submitted so if we were. Signed and submitted so if we were actually actually actually that's what we did that's what we did. That's what we did over here when we created the offer you over here when we created the offer you. Over here when we created the offer you can see delete offer that would can see delete offer that would. Can see delete offer that would obviously go take the offer id send it obviously go take the offer id send it. Obviously go take the offer id send it back up back up back up hey we're we're going to delete that. Hey we're we're going to delete that hey we're we're going to delete that offer it's removed if we go back and we. Offer it's removed if we go back and we offer it's removed if we go back and we refresh we'll see that there are no nfts. Refresh we'll see that there are no nfts refresh we'll see that there are no nfts. Available to purchase at the moment available to purchase at the moment available to purchase at the moment. So let's go ahead and so let's go ahead and so let's go ahead and put that back up. Put that back up put that back up so now we've got the ability to sell and so now we've got the ability to sell and. So now we've got the ability to sell and delete offers as an owner of an nft but delete offers as an owner of an nft but. Delete offers as an owner of an nft but what if we want to buy an nft so we've what if we want to buy an nft so we've. What if we want to buy an nft so we've got either we don't have a trustline got either we don't have a trustline. Got either we don't have a trustline open yet for this nft or we do but it's open yet for this nft or we do but it's. Open yet for this nft or we do but it's zero we don't we don't actually hold the zero we don't we don't actually hold the. Zero we don't we don't actually hold the nft yet in that case we're inside of our else. In that case we're inside of our else statement right statement right statement right. So we've got so we've got so we've got either we've got no nft balance or the either we've got no nft balance or the. Either we've got no nft balance or the balance is balance is balance is zero less than zero . Zero less than zero zero less than zero that's when this else statement that's when this else statement. That's when this else statement will will fire off will will fire off will will fire off. And so in this case what do we need to and so in this case what do we need to and so in this case what do we need to. Do this is where things get a little bit do this is where things get a little bit. Do this is where things get a little bit interesting with our inflation interesting with our inflation. Interesting with our inflation destination when you hold the nft destination when you hold the nft. Destination when you hold the nft and you're offering it for sale there's and you're offering it for sale there's. And you're offering it for sale there's no royalty payments involved right I no royalty payments involved right i. No royalty payments involved right I don't want to make a royalty payment if don't want to make a royalty payment if. Don't want to make a royalty payment if the if the nft is not actually changing the if the nft is not actually changing. The if the nft is not actually changing hands if nobody's actually purchased it hands if nobody's actually purchased it. Hands if nobody's actually purchased it if it hasn't swapped so in that case no if it hasn't swapped so in that case no. If it hasn't swapped so in that case no royalty payment is being made royalty payment is being made. Royalty payment is being made the only time we actually want the the only time we actually want the. The only time we actually want the royalty payment to be made is when a royalty payment to be made is when a. Royalty payment to be made is when a payment is being made when when the nft payment is being made when when the nft. Payment is being made when when the nft is changing hands is changing hands is changing hands. And in that case we need to look up the and in that case we need to look up the and in that case we need to look up the. Inflation destination that comes again inflation destination that comes again inflation destination that comes again. From our issuing account it's stored from our issuing account it's stored from our issuing account it's stored. Inside of the inflation destination from inside of the inflation destination from. Inside of the inflation destination from when we were originally minting when we were originally minting. When we were originally minting and so we grabbed that inflation and so we grabbed that inflation. And so we grabbed that inflation destination that's what's going to be destination that's what's going to be. Destination that's what's going to be used in our royalty payment here as the used in our royalty payment here as the. Used in our royalty payment here as the second op second op second op but the first stop we're actually using. But the first stop we're actually using but the first stop we're actually using a path payment strict receive you might. A path payment strict receive you might a path payment strict receive you might wonder why we're not using just a. Wonder why we're not using just a wonder why we're not using just a counter offer and that's because we have. Counter offer and that's because we have counter offer and that's because we have. To be absolutely sure to be absolutely sure to be absolutely sure in this case that and that the nft is. In this case that and that the nft is in this case that and that the nft is actually changing hands right can you. Actually changing hands right can you actually changing hands right can you imagine. Imagine imagine if we actually made a royalty payment if we actually made a royalty payment. If we actually made a royalty payment using an offer but the offer wasn't using an offer but the offer wasn't. Using an offer but the offer wasn't actually taken but the royalty payment actually taken but the royalty payment. Actually taken but the royalty payment was so you would lose your money from was so you would lose your money from. Was so you would lose your money from your royalty payment but you didn't your royalty payment but you didn't. Your royalty payment but you didn't actually get an nft actually get an nft actually get an nft. Offers don't have to be taken offers don't have to be taken offers don't have to be taken. Necessarily especially if like necessarily especially if like necessarily especially if like. The the offer maybe existed but they the the offer maybe existed but they the the offer maybe existed but they. Deleted it right as soon as you were deleted it right as soon as you were deleted it right as soon as you were. Trying to take it so your offer went up trying to take it so your offer went up trying to take it so your offer went up. To buy an nft but there now is no nft to to buy an nft but there now is no nft to. To buy an nft but there now is no nft to take but the royalty payment would still. Take but the royalty payment would still take but the royalty payment would still. Go through if we were just making an go through if we were just making an go through if we were just making an. Offer and now there's an offer to sell offer and now there's an offer to sell offer and now there's an offer to sell. The nf the nf the nf there's an offer to buy the nft there's an offer to buy the nft. There's an offer to buy the nft but nobody's at that point in time but nobody's at that point in time. but nobody's at that point in time selling the nft but your royalty payment selling the nft but your royalty payment. Selling the nft but your royalty payment got taken got taken got taken that would be unfortunate so to cover. that would be unfortunate so to cover that would be unfortunate so to cover. That case we're actually doing a path that case we're actually doing a path that case we're actually doing a path. Payment strict receive payment strict receive payment strict receive and this consumes an offer it is. And this consumes an offer it is and this consumes an offer it is guaranteed to consume an offer. Guaranteed to consume an offer guaranteed to consume an offer for whatever criteria you put inside and. For whatever criteria you put inside and for whatever criteria you put inside and. If there if it doesn't succeed if you if there if it doesn't succeed if you if there if it doesn't succeed if you. Don't meet the criteria of the path don't meet the criteria of the path don't meet the criteria of the path. Payment the actual transaction will fail payment the actual transaction will fail. Payment the actual transaction will fail and so this is a really useful way to and so this is a really useful way to. And so this is a really useful way to ensure that the nft has actually changed ensure that the nft has actually changed. Ensure that the nft has actually changed hands before the royalty payment is hands before the royalty payment is. Hands before the royalty payment is consumed so in this case what's our send consumed so in this case what's our send. Consumed so in this case what's our send asset we are sending xlm asset we are sending xlm. Asset we are sending xlm and we're sending up to and we're sending up to and we're sending up to. The price for whatever the nft exists as the price for whatever the nft exists as. The price for whatever the nft exists as in our case it's a 55 lumens I think at in our case it's a 55 lumens I think at. In our case it's a 55 lumens I think at this point this point this point actually it might be 110. Actually it might be 110. Actually it might be 110. But regardless that's the max we're but regardless that's the max we're but regardless that's the max we're. Willing to send willing to send willing to send the destination is our user account and. The destination is our user account and the destination is our user account and the source is our user account the the. The source is our user account the the the source is our user account the the user is actually doing like a self pay. User is actually doing like a self pay user is actually doing like a self pay if you ever done a market order. If you ever done a market order if you ever done a market order on coinbase or something this is kind of. On coinbase or something this is kind of on coinbase or something this is kind of. What we're doing we're essentially doing what we're doing we're essentially doing. What we're doing we're essentially doing this like auto swap of an asset we're this like auto swap of an asset we're. This like auto swap of an asset we're making a payment to ourself where an xlm making a payment to ourself where an xlm. Making a payment to ourself where an xlm goes out and an nft comes back the destination asset so what do we want. The destination asset so what do we want to receive we want to send xlm and then to receive we want to send xlm and then. To receive we want to send xlm and then have magically come back on nft have magically come back on nft. Have magically come back on nft and we have to receive we required we and we have to receive we required we. And we have to receive we required we are required to receive one nft so the are required to receive one nft so the. Are required to receive one nft so the whole nft and if we if we don't whole nft and if we if we don't. Whole nft and if we if we don't then this operation will fail the whole then this operation will fail the whole. Then this operation will fail the whole thing will fail nobody will receive thing will fail nobody will receive. Thing will fail nobody will receive royalty payments and maybe we'll try royalty payments and maybe we'll try. Royalty payments and maybe we'll try again maybe the the seller of the nft is again maybe the the seller of the nft is. Again maybe the the seller of the nft is pulled back pulled back pulled back they're not actually selling the nft. They're not actually selling the nft they're not actually selling the nft anymore and the whole thing fails if we. Anymore and the whole thing fails if we anymore and the whole thing fails if we do not receive this one nft. Do not receive this one nft do not receive this one nft then nothing else will succeed. Then nothing else will succeed then nothing else will succeed the path path payments can be used. the path path payments can be used the path path payments can be used for other things where you can have like. For other things where you can have like for other things where you can have like. Multiple paths multiple hops to go multiple paths multiple hops to go multiple paths multiple hops to go. Through through through in our case we're just doing xlm to nft in our case we're just doing xlm to nft. In our case we're just doing xlm to nft so we don't need any paths so we don't need any paths. So we don't need any paths and then finally that source again we're and then finally that source again we're. And then finally that source again we're kind of paying ourselves using xlm and kind of paying ourselves using xlm and. Kind of paying ourselves using xlm and receiving an nft this is a way to receiving an nft this is a way to. Receiving an nft this is a way to consume an open offer but guarantee that consume an open offer but guarantee that. Consume an open offer but guarantee that we we consume that open offer otherwise we we consume that open offer otherwise. We we consume that open offer otherwise the whole thing fails the whole thing fails. The whole thing fails and we don't accidentally make a royalty and we don't accidentally make a royalty. And we don't accidentally make a royalty payment without receiving our nft payment without receiving our nft. Payment without receiving our nft once we're guaranteed that we now have once we're guaranteed that we now have. Once we're guaranteed that we now have this one nft it's safe for us then to this one nft it's safe for us then to. This one nft it's safe for us then to make a royalty payment again because make a royalty payment again because. Make a royalty payment again because this is all atomic this whole thing this is all atomic this whole thing. This is all atomic this whole thing succeeds or fails together you can't succeeds or fails together you can't. Succeeds or fails together you can't you can't sort of you can't sort of you can't sort of. time it or or interes intercept this time it or or interes intercept this time it or or interes intercept this. Transaction and say like oh I got my nft transaction and say like oh I got my nft. Transaction and say like oh I got my nft I'm going to kill this transaction and I'm going to kill this transaction and. I'm going to kill this transaction and not make the royalty payment the whole not make the royalty payment the whole. Not make the royalty payment the whole thing succeeds or fails together thing succeeds or fails together. Thing succeeds or fails together and so at this point we have our nft and so at this point we have our nft. And so at this point we have our nft in in this transaction at this point in in this transaction at this point. In in this transaction at this point it's safe for us now to make the royalty it's safe for us now to make the royalty. It's safe for us now to make the royalty payment we're going to make that royalty. Payment we're going to make that royalty payment we're going to make that royalty. Payment to the influence inflation payment to the influence inflation payment to the influence inflation. Destination destination destination for the selling asset in this case it's for the selling asset in this case it's. For the selling asset in this case it's enforced to be xlm enforced to be xlm enforced to be xlm. And what's the amount going to be it's and what's the amount going to be it's and what's the amount going to be it's. Going to be whatever the sale price was going to be whatever the sale price was going to be whatever the sale price was. Times 10 so if we're selling for 100 times 10 so if we're selling for 100 times 10 so if we're selling for 100. It's going to be 10 it's going to be 10 it's going to be 10 xlm xlm xlm once that payment is made we can then. Once that payment is made we can then once that payment is made we can then carry on with that logic of closing down. Carry on with that logic of closing down carry on with that logic of closing down. The trustline flags the trustline flags the trustline flags the user now holds that nft but they. the user now holds that nft but they the user now holds that nft but they are not allowed to do anything with it. Are not allowed to do anything with it are not allowed to do anything with it so we're kind of back where we started. So we're kind of back where we started so we're kind of back where we started where some cool arbitrary logic has. Where some cool arbitrary logic has where some cool arbitrary logic has happened in our case royalty payments. Happened in our case royalty payments happened in our case royalty payments has been enforced but now we've locked. Has been enforced but now we've locked has been enforced but now we've locked down the asset nothing else can happen. Down the asset nothing else can happen down the asset nothing else can happen until the user then comes back and calls. Until the user then comes back and calls until the user then comes back and calls. The offer the offer the offer api endpoint again and we offer it for api endpoint again and we offer it for. Api endpoint again and we offer it for sale again and then someone else can buy sale again and then someone else can buy. Sale again and then someone else can buy it again but the inflation destination it again but the inflation destination. It again but the inflation destination being that thing that's always going being that thing that's always going. Being that thing that's always going back that royalty payment always going back that royalty payment always going. Back that royalty payment always going back to that original inflation back to that original inflation. Back to that original inflation destination and so at this point when we come back. And so at this point when we come back into our into our into our api api api offer. Offer offer again they get that xdr back the user again they get that xdr back the user. Again they get that xdr back the user will sign it the user needs to sign it will sign it the user needs to sign it. Will sign it the user needs to sign it because they're making a payment and we because they're making a payment and we. Because they're making a payment and we need their permission to make that need their permission to make that. Need their permission to make that payment so that user will sign with payment so that user will sign with. Payment so that user will sign with their key pair their key pair their key pair if you're using something like albedo or. If you're using something like albedo or if you're using something like albedo or. One of those one of those one of those delegated signing services like metamask. Delegated signing services like metamask delegated signing services like metamask. This is where that modal might pop up this is where that modal might pop up this is where that modal might pop up. And they confirm that they actually want and they confirm that they actually want. And they confirm that they actually want to sell this I'm encoding putting those to sell this I'm encoding putting those. To sell this I'm encoding putting those secret seeds in local storage secret seeds in local storage. Secret seeds in local storage just to make things a little bit easier just to make things a little bit easier. Just to make things a little bit easier for the user for the user for the user but if you want to have confirm logic. But if you want to have confirm logic but if you want to have confirm logic kind of like that web 3 stuff. Kind of like that web 3 stuff kind of like that web 3 stuff you can use you can use. You can use those different delegated signing those different delegated signing those different delegated signing. Services where that secret account is a services where that secret account is a services where that secret account is a. C that secrecy is managed by the user c that secrecy is managed by the user c that secrecy is managed by the user. All right so at this point we kind of all right so at this point we kind of all right so at this point we kind of. Have have have really all of the logic through just really all of the logic through just. Really all of the logic through just those two those two those two functions and that original minting. Functions and that original minting functions and that original minting where we assign the signer to the the. Where we assign the signer to the the where we assign the signer to the the the auth signer to the new issuing. The auth signer to the new issuing the auth signer to the new issuing account there's not a lot of logic here. Account there's not a lot of logic here account there's not a lot of logic here it's actually quite simple. It's actually quite simple it's actually quite simple you might you'll probably want to do. You might you'll probably want to do you might you'll probably want to do more interesting things. More interesting things more interesting things in your project but in your project but. In your project but a lot of times and this is actually true a lot of times and this is actually true. A lot of times and this is actually true in most smart contract programming there. In most smart contract programming there in most smart contract programming there. Really isn't a whole lot of fancy stuff really isn't a whole lot of fancy stuff really isn't a whole lot of fancy stuff. Going on going on going on there might be some complex math for there might be some complex math for. There might be some complex math for some of these bigger d5 projects but a some of these bigger d5 projects but a. Some of these bigger d5 projects but a lot of this isn't very complex you've lot of this isn't very complex you've. Lot of this isn't very complex you've got a client service a user interface got a client service a user interface. Got a client service a user interface and some really basic logic the thing and some really basic logic the thing. And some really basic logic the thing that's magical the thing that's really that's magical the thing that's really. That's magical the thing that's really innovative is when you add innovative is when you add. Innovative is when you add decentralization when you have multiple decentralization when you have multiple. Decentralization when you have multiple machines running these lot running this machines running these lot running this. Machines running these lot running this logic to where you can't just shut this logic to where you can't just shut this. Logic to where you can't just shut this down and now anytime this auth server is down and now anytime this auth server is. Down and now anytime this auth server is called if it's being run by five called if it's being run by five. Called if it's being run by five different machines one decides I don't different machines one decides I don't. Different machines one decides I don't want to run this anymore the four others want to run this anymore the four others. Want to run this anymore the four others can continue to run it or in the case of. Can continue to run it or in the case of can continue to run it or in the case of. A decentralized a decentralized a decentralized on-chain smart contract on-chain smart contract. On-chain smart contract there's there's thousands of machines there's there's thousands of machines. there's there's thousands of machines that are running this and you can't shut. That are running this and you can't shut that are running this and you can't shut. It down the account is actually it down the account is actually it down the account is actually. Controlled by the machine not by a controlled by the machine not by a controlled by the machine not by a. Single single single third party so it's not that the third party so it's not that the. Third party so it's not that the functionality the contract logic is that functionality the contract logic is that. Functionality the contract logic is that complex it's that it's decentralized complex it's that it's decentralized. Complex it's that it's decentralized there's lots of people that are like there's lots of people that are like. There's lots of people that are like okaying this that are putting their sign okaying this that are putting their sign. Okaying this that are putting their sign their signature stamp on this saying yes. Their signature stamp on this saying yes their signature stamp on this saying yes. We we approve of this transfer of this we we approve of this transfer of this we we approve of this transfer of this. Asset asset asset I mean most of these are less than 100 I mean most of these are less than 100. I mean most of these are less than 100 lines of code and you can get away with lines of code and you can get away with. Lines of code and you can get away with some really cool stuff in this case some really cool stuff in this case. Some really cool stuff in this case enforced enforced enforced royalty payments for an nft that can. Royalty payments for an nft that can royalty payments for an nft that can just exist it's out there it's on. Just exist it's out there it's on just exist it's out there it's on chain any interface that wants to show. Chain any interface that wants to show chain any interface that wants to show it and sell it can use the same logic to. It and sell it can use the same logic to it and sell it can use the same logic to. Accomplish that it's it's quite accomplish that it's it's quite accomplish that it's it's quite. Fantastic and again not that complex fantastic and again not that complex fantastic and again not that complex. There is one more thing though that I there is one more thing though that I there is one more thing though that i. Would like to cover would like to cover would like to cover and that's that it's it's true in any. and that's that it's it's true in any and that's that it's it's true in any. Sort of defy sort of defy sort of defy application development where you're application development where you're. Application development where you're kind of it's not a fight but sometimes kind of it's not a fight but sometimes. Kind of it's not a fight but sometimes it'll feel like a fight between the the it'll feel like a fight between the the. It'll feel like a fight between the the data that's on chain and how you data that's on chain and how you. Data that's on chain and how you actually build an interface around that actually build an interface around that. Actually build an interface around that data data data so you've got all this stuff happening. So you've got all this stuff happening so you've got all this stuff happening on chain usually in a very efficient. On chain usually in a very efficient on chain usually in a very efficient manner that can sometimes make it really. Manner that can sometimes make it really manner that can sometimes make it really. Hard to showcase that hard to showcase that hard to showcase that in an interface so in our case. In an interface so in our case in an interface so in our case we have a bit of a challenge that i. We have a bit of a challenge that I we have a bit of a challenge that I haven't discussed. Haven't discussed haven't discussed and that is actually showing nft and that is actually showing nft. And that is actually showing nft nfts on the interface so when you when nfts on the interface so when you when. Nfts on the interface so when you when you have this ui you have this ui you have this ui. How am I how am I supposed to show how am I how am I supposed to show how am I how am I supposed to show. Just the offers for my nft project just just the offers for my nft project just just the offers for my nft project just. The offers that are for royalty payments the offers that are for royalty payments. The offers that are for royalty payments why aren't all of the nfts on Stellar why aren't all of the nfts on Stellar. Why aren't all of the nfts on Stellar showing up in this interface how have we showing up in this interface how have we. Showing up in this interface how have we gotten it to where it's only showing gotten it to where it's only showing. Gotten it to where it's only showing ones that are involved in in my project ones that are involved in in my project. Ones that are involved in in my project well the way we do that if we look at well the way we do that if we look at. Well the way we do that if we look at app.view again app.view again app.view again. There's a method here called update there's a method here called update there's a method here called update. Offers and this is going to you guessed offers and this is going to you guessed offers and this is going to you guessed. It update offers that that array of it update offers that that array of it update offers that that array of. Different nfts different nfts different nfts and this is an actual and this is an actual . And this is an actual horizon api call that's getting offers horizon api call that's getting offers. Horizon api call that's getting offers from the Stellar blockchain so if we from the Stellar blockchain so if we. From the Stellar blockchain so if we were to go to were to go to were to go to laboratory Stellar laboratory really. laboratory Stellar laboratory really laboratory Stellar laboratory really quickly on test net and explore. Quickly on test net and explore quickly on test net and explore the endpoints here we can actually look. The endpoints here we can actually look the endpoints here we can actually look at what this api endpoint that it's. At what this api endpoint that it's at what this api endpoint that it's calling it's calling this one right here. Calling it's calling this one right here calling it's calling this one right here. All offers all offers all offers now obviously now obviously now obviously all the offers. All the offers all the offers is not what we want is not what we want is not what we want. We don't want all of the offers because we don't want all of the offers because we don't want all of the offers because. That's going to be literally all of the that's going to be literally all of the that's going to be literally all of the. Offers on sellers these are not just the offers on sellers these are not just the. Offers on sellers these are not just the ones that are involved in my nft project. Ones that are involved in my nft project ones that are involved in my nft project. So how am I going to filter so how am I going to filter so how am I going to filter. All of the offers on Stellar to only all of the offers on Stellar to only all of the offers on Stellar to only. Show just the ones that are involving my show just the ones that are involving my. Show just the ones that are involving my project project project we might think you could filter by like. We might think you could filter by like we might think you could filter by like some sort of nft code or something. Some sort of nft code or something some sort of nft code or something and that's actually a it's a good. And that's actually a it's a good and that's actually a it's a good assumption so it's not a bad one you. Assumption so it's not a bad one you assumption so it's not a bad one you could maybe use like nft code. Could maybe use like nft code could maybe use like nft code or some some special code the problem is. Or some some special code the problem is or some some special code the problem is. Now you're open to an attack vector now you're open to an attack vector now you're open to an attack vector. Right so if you used the nft code where right so if you used the nft code where right so if you used the nft code where. You just said like nft any any asset you just said like nft any any asset you just said like nft any any asset. That uses a code nft that uses a code nft that uses a code nft is going to be part of this project. Is going to be part of this project is going to be part of this project or you could you could you know use your. Or you could you could you know use your or you could you could you know use your. Name nft the problem is there's an name nft the problem is there's an name nft the problem is there's an. Attack vector now that anybody else like attack vector now that anybody else like. Attack vector now that anybody else like if they want to like insert them their if they want to like insert them their. If they want to like insert them their nft into your project they just need to nft into your project they just need to. Nft into your project they just need to name their nft after the naming name their nft after the naming. Name their nft after the naming convention that you've used convention that you've used. Convention that you've used so somehow you need to so somehow you need to so somehow you need to. Use something that's like official use something that's like official use something that's like official. That's secure that only your project that's secure that only your project that's secure that only your project. Knows as a filter mechanic so that knows as a filter mechanic so that knows as a filter mechanic so that. Nobody else can insert themselves and nobody else can insert themselves and nobody else can insert themselves and. Say like I'm going to issue an nft say like I'm going to issue an nft say like I'm going to issue an nft. That's actually a scam and get my way that's actually a scam and get my way that's actually a scam and get my way. Into your project this is a real into your project this is a real into your project this is a real. Legitimate concern when you're building legitimate concern when you're building legitimate concern when you're building. Projects in open on a decentralized projects in open on a decentralized projects in open on a decentralized. Network it becomes kind of tricky network it becomes kind of tricky network it becomes kind of tricky. Because everybody knows what your because everybody knows what your because everybody knows what your. Project looks like everybody knows what project looks like everybody knows what project looks like everybody knows what. Your asset codes are your asset codes are your asset codes are and so you have to use cryptography you. And so you have to use cryptography you and so you have to use cryptography you need to use something that's like signed. Need to use something that's like signed need to use something that's like signed. Something that only you have permission something that only you have permission something that only you have permission. To do to be able to build out filter to do to be able to build out filter to do to be able to build out filter. Mechanics for your ui mechanics for your ui mechanics for your ui so in our case what we're doing is using. So in our case what we're doing is using so in our case what we're doing is using. Sponsorship sponsorship sponsorship sponsorship is something sponsorship is something. Sponsorship is something that exists on Stellar where a sponsor that exists on Stellar where a sponsor. That exists on Stellar where a sponsor will say will say will say whatever the the fee is to put this on. Whatever the the fee is to put this on whatever the the fee is to put this on chain right so you have to stake a. Chain right so you have to stake a chain right so you have to stake a certain amount of lumens to to hold. Certain amount of lumens to to hold certain amount of lumens to to hold things on chain so an account is one. Things on chain so an account is one things on chain so an account is one lumen trust lines and offers are half of. Lumen trust lines and offers are half of lumen trust lines and offers are half of. A lumen to actually have them exist on a lumen to actually have them exist on a lumen to actually have them exist on. Chain on Stellar chain on Stellar chain on Stellar and so a nice mechanic to to offload. And so a nice mechanic to to offload and so a nice mechanic to to offload that from your users is to use. That from your users is to use that from your users is to use sponsorship where your service account. Sponsorship where your service account sponsorship where your service account can say like hey I'm gonna i'll take the. Can say like hey I'm gonna i'll take the can say like hey I'm gonna i'll take the. Brunt for you i'll sponsor those things brunt for you i'll sponsor those things brunt for you i'll sponsor those things. For your user account so your users kind for your user account so your users kind. For your user account so your users kind of of of insulated from those fees but another. Insulated from those fees but another insulated from those fees but another nice feature of this is that sponsorship. Nice feature of this is that sponsorship nice feature of this is that sponsorship. Can only happen if it's signed for can only happen if it's signed for can only happen if it's signed for. You can't just add a say like hey you you can't just add a say like hey you you can't just add a say like hey you. Sponsor my account please it has to be sponsor my account please it has to be sponsor my account please it has to be. Signed for I need to give permission for signed for I need to give permission for. Signed for I need to give permission for your account to be signed for so we can your account to be signed for so we can. Your account to be signed for so we can actually use this functionality to actually use this functionality to. Actually use this functionality to sponsor the offers sponsor the offers sponsor the offers. For these nfts for these nfts for these nfts now they're signed for now they're signed for. Now they're signed for so that when we go to horizon we say I so that when we go to horizon we say i. So that when we go to horizon we say I would like to get all the offers I only would like to get all the offers I only. Would like to get all the offers I only want the offers that are sponsored by a want the offers that are sponsored by a. Want the offers that are sponsored by a specific account and that specific specific account and that specific. Specific account and that specific account is something that I the auth the account is something that I the auth the. Account is something that I the auth the authorized authorized authorized account controls and so that authorized. Account controls and so that authorized account controls and so that authorized server controls the sponsorship for each. Server controls the sponsorship for each server controls the sponsorship for each. Of these offers of these offers of these offers and now when we filter we only get the. And now when we filter we only get the and now when we filter we only get the offers that are sponsored by our account. Offers that are sponsored by our account offers that are sponsored by our account. And so if we go back to our code here and so if we go back to our code here and so if we go back to our code here. Inside of our offer logic that's what this begin this begin and end sponsoring future reserves. And end sponsoring future reserves and end sponsoring future reserves operations are where we're sponsoring. Operations are where we're sponsoring operations are where we're sponsoring the user account. The user account the user account with our sponsor account and this is with our sponsor account and this is. With our sponsor account and this is coming from an environment variable very coming from an environment variable very. Coming from an environment variable very similar to the actual similar to the actual . Similar to the actual signing secret the the signing server signing secret the the signing server . Signing secret the the signing server that was controlling the nft that was controlling the nft. That was controlling the nft this is a sponsor signer that's going to this is a sponsor signer that's going to. This is a sponsor signer that's going to sponsor the offers for these nfts sponsor the offers for these nfts. Sponsor the offers for these nfts and so by wrapping this managed sell and so by wrapping this managed sell. And so by wrapping this managed sell offer offer offer inside of this open and close. Inside of this open and close inside of this open and close sponsorship we now have a mechanic a. Sponsorship we now have a mechanic a sponsorship we now have a mechanic a secure mechanic by which we can filter. Secure mechanic by which we can filter secure mechanic by which we can filter our front end to only show offers that. Our front end to only show offers that our front end to only show offers that have been issued or that have been. Have been issued or that have been have been issued or that have been sponsored by this particular sponsoring. Sponsored by this particular sponsoring sponsored by this particular sponsoring account and you're going to see like. Account and you're going to see like account and you're going to see like there there's only so many there's a lot. There there's only so many there's a lot there there's only so many there's a lot. Of these like little tips and tricks of these like little tips and tricks of these like little tips and tricks. That can really help building out your that can really help building out your that can really help building out your. Front ends but you're going to find front ends but you're going to find front ends but you're going to find. That if you're not careful building in that if you're not careful building in that if you're not careful building in. Public like this building on a public like this building on a public like this building on a. Decentralized chain like this there's a decentralized chain like this there's a decentralized chain like this there's a. Lot of little gotchas and this is really lot of little gotchas and this is really. Lot of little gotchas and this is really true on true on true on like fully on-chain platforms where it's. Like fully on-chain platforms where it's like fully on-chain platforms where it's. I mean there's just so many little hacks I mean there's just so many little hacks. I mean there's just so many little hacks that people can use when you don't that people can use when you don't. That people can use when you don't control when it's not a centralized control when it's not a centralized. Control when it's not a centralized authority that you have complete control authority that you have complete control. Authority that you have complete control over everything over everything over everything. You're going to have a lot of these you're going to have a lot of these you're going to have a lot of these. Little foot guns but by doing things little foot guns but by doing things little foot guns but by doing things. Like this where you're sponsoring offers like this where you're sponsoring offers. Like this where you're sponsoring offers and having kind of these little nuggets and having kind of these little nuggets. And having kind of these little nuggets of control you now of control you now of control you now. Can have the interface the the user can have the interface the the user can have the interface the the user. Interface that you exactly specifically interface that you exactly specifically interface that you exactly specifically. Want so there's a couple of those want so there's a couple of those want so there's a couple of those. Sponsorship is a really good one sponsorship is a really good one sponsorship is a really good one. You'll find a couple others if you go you'll find a couple others if you go you'll find a couple others if you go. Through the drop docs on my smart nft so through the drop docs on my smart nft so. Through the drop docs on my smart nft so kalepale.com you go through the drop kalepale.com you go through the drop. Kalepale.com you go through the drop docs you'll find a few more docs you'll find a few more. Docs you'll find a few more that will really help as you build out that will really help as you build out. That will really help as you build out and kind of find yourself fighting a and kind of find yourself fighting a. And kind of find yourself fighting a little bit between server and client and little bit between server and client and. Little bit between server and client and things might work great but if you're things might work great but if you're. Things might work great but if you're not careful somebody else could say like not careful somebody else could say like. Not careful somebody else could say like ha ha i've found a vulnerability I found. Ha ha i've found a vulnerability I found ha ha i've found a vulnerability I found. A way to insert my nfts into your a way to insert my nfts into your a way to insert my nfts into your. Project project project if it's not fully signed for and secured if it's not fully signed for and secured. If it's not fully signed for and secured so that's just a nice little so that's just a nice little. So that's just a nice little feature here you'll find a few more but feature here you'll find a few more but. Feature here you'll find a few more but that's a really nice one that's a really nice one. That's a really nice one so with that so with that so with that there there are other pieces here but. There there are other pieces here but there there are other pieces here but they're all commented pretty well again. They're all commented pretty well again they're all commented pretty well again the the application's not super complex. The the application's not super complex the the application's not super complex you've got a client and server there's. You've got a client and server there's you've got a client and server there's instructions for how to run those. I'm going to move now back to I'm going to move now back to the slide deck I think this is a qr code for our dev. I think this is a qr code for our dev discord we're actually moving into the discord we're actually moving into the. Discord we're actually moving into the hackathon hackathon hackathon part now so hopefully you'll be able to. Part now so hopefully you'll be able to part now so hopefully you'll be able to build some innovative nfts and actually. Build some innovative nfts and actually build some innovative nfts and actually get rolling on some of these interesting. Get rolling on some of these interesting get rolling on some of these interesting. And innovative projects and innovative projects and innovative projects as promised. As promised as promised there is a github repo if you go to there is a github repo if you go to. There is a github repo if you go to nft.steller.buzz there's a link down at nft.steller.buzz there's a link down at. Nft.steller.buzz there's a link down at the bottom the bottom the bottom where you can actually grab the. Where you can actually grab the where you can actually grab the the repo for this and clone it and begin. The repo for this and clone it and begin the repo for this and clone it and begin. Poking around get comfortable with the poking around get comfortable with the poking around get comfortable with the. Code feel free to clone this and use code feel free to clone this and use code feel free to clone this and use. This as the base for your hackathon this as the base for your hackathon this as the base for your hackathon. Projects projects projects if you want to again if you go to those if you want to again if you go to those. If you want to again if you go to those parts where the the parts where the the parts where the the. Your opening and closing authorization your opening and closing authorization your opening and closing authorization. That's where you may start to choose to that's where you may start to choose to that's where you may start to choose to. Insert your own arbitrary insert your own arbitrary insert your own arbitrary interesting innovative logic. Interesting innovative logic interesting innovative logic with that we will move to any qa that. With that we will move to any qa that with that we will move to any qa that folks have. Folks have folks have around anything that we've discussed around anything that we've discussed. Around anything that we've discussed today today today any any any any questions. So the question is is there any mechanic so the question is is there any mechanic. Natively on chain natively on chain natively on chain that allows you to ensure that you can't. That allows you to ensure that you can't that allows you to ensure that you can't. Issue any more of an nft without locking issue any more of an nft without locking. Issue any more of an nft without locking the account so by locking the account the account so by locking the account. The account so by locking the account you essentially remove signers from the you essentially remove signers from the. You essentially remove signers from the issuing account issuing account issuing account. Such that you can't do anything else such that you can't do anything else such that you can't do anything else. With the issuing account in so if you've with the issuing account in so if you've. With the issuing account in so if you've issued if you've said to the world like issued if you've said to the world like. Issued if you've said to the world like hey it's a one of one nft but you've hey it's a one of one nft but you've. Hey it's a one of one nft but you've left yourself as a signer you could go left yourself as a signer you could go. Left yourself as a signer you could go actually in the future and issue more actually in the future and issue more. Actually in the future and issue more nfts I don't think so nfts I don't think so. Nfts I don't think so right now on Stellar without actually right now on Stellar without actually. Right now on Stellar without actually locking the account there are some locking the account there are some. Locking the account there are some things you can do things you can do things you can do. with signers that would disable you with signers that would disable you with signers that would disable you. From from from from from from submitting specific operations like submitting specific operations like. Submitting specific operations like payment operations where you would payment operations where you would. Payment operations where you would send more nft so you could lock yourself send more nft so you could lock yourself. Send more nft so you could lock yourself out of those specific operations through. Out of those specific operations through out of those specific operations through. The signing thresholds the signing thresholds the signing thresholds but yeah until we get on chain smart. But yeah until we get on chain smart but yeah until we get on chain smart contracts or you use turrets and give. Contracts or you use turrets and give contracts or you use turrets and give control of the account over to the. Control of the account over to the control of the account over to the turrets network. Turrets network turrets network I don't think so it cannot it cannot the the question was can the inflation. The the question was can the inflation the the question was can the inflation destination be an array of strings for. Destination be an array of strings for destination be an array of strings for multiple accounts it cannot but you. Multiple accounts it cannot but you multiple accounts it cannot but you don't have to use the inflation. Don't have to use the inflation don't have to use the inflation destination to store your royalty. Destination to store your royalty destination to store your royalty payment addresses you could use so if. Payment addresses you could use so if payment addresses you could use so if you remember back in the manage data. You remember back in the manage data you remember back in the manage data operation managed data allows you to. Operation managed data allows you to operation managed data allows you to assign arbitrary key value pairs inside. Assign arbitrary key value pairs inside assign arbitrary key value pairs inside of an account and we saw we stored. Of an account and we saw we stored of an account and we saw we stored ipfshash in the ipfs hash for the. Ipfshash in the ipfs hash for the ipfshash in the ipfs hash for the metadata for nft as a key value pair in. Metadata for nft as a key value pair in metadata for nft as a key value pair in the metadata. The metadata the metadata you've got up to 1 000 key value you've got up to 1 000 key value. you've got up to 1 000 key value pairs per account so you could store pairs per account so you could store. Pairs per account so you could store your royalty payment addresses inside of your royalty payment addresses inside of. Your royalty payment addresses inside of the set options the set options the set options. Or inside of the managed data operations or inside of the managed data operations. Or inside of the managed data operations for that account and just put for that account and just put. For that account and just put a bunch of your royalty payment a bunch of your royalty payment. A bunch of your royalty payment addresses inside of the managed data addresses inside of the managed data. Addresses inside of the managed data operations instead of using the operations instead of using the. Operations instead of using the inflation destination yes yes the question was can you submit a. The question was can you submit a the question was can you submit a pre-authorized transaction so now we're. Pre-authorized transaction so now we're pre-authorized transaction so now we're getting into the weeds . Getting into the weeds getting into the weeds so there are different types of signers. So there are different types of signers so there are different types of signers that you can add to a Stellar account. That you can add to a Stellar account that you can add to a Stellar account the most obvious one is just other. The most obvious one is just other the most obvious one is just other Stellar accounts but you can actually. Stellar accounts but you can actually Stellar accounts but you can actually also add. Also add also add preimages for sha 256 hashes and you can preimages for sha 256 hashes and you can. Preimages for sha 256 hashes and you can add add add transactions so actual transactions so actual. Transactions so actual transaction hashes so whenever you build transaction hashes so whenever you build. Transaction hashes so whenever you build a transaction xdr a sha a transaction xdr a sha. A transaction xdr a sha 256 hash is generated and you can store 256 hash is generated and you can store. 256 hash is generated and you can store that hash that hash that hash inside of the signer array of your. Inside of the signer array of your inside of the signer array of your account sort of saying I give my. Account sort of saying I give my account sort of saying I give my pre-authorization that if you can ever. Pre-authorization that if you can ever pre-authorization that if you can ever find this transaction again I give my. Find this transaction again I give my find this transaction again I give my permission to sign off on it and so what. Permission to sign off on it and so what permission to sign off on it and so what. You could do in this particular scenario you could do in this particular scenario. You could do in this particular scenario is build a transaction that re-enables is build a transaction that re-enables. Is build a transaction that re-enables your account that re-adds master signers your account that re-adds master signers. Your account that re-adds master signers that reconfigures the signing thresholds. That reconfigures the signing thresholds that reconfigures the signing thresholds. To your account at some point in the to your account at some point in the to your account at some point in the. Future future future that would then put your account back that would then put your account back. That would then put your account back into a state where it could issue more into a state where it could issue more. Into a state where it could issue more nfts which could be a kind of nfts which could be a kind of. Nfts which could be a kind of interesting scenario because you could interesting scenario because you could. Interesting scenario because you could actually flip the script on that a actually flip the script on that a. Actually flip the script on that a little bit and say I'm not going to lock little bit and say I'm not going to lock. Little bit and say I'm not going to lock my account but I'm creating a my account but I'm creating a. My account but I'm creating a pre-authorized transaction to guarantee pre-authorized transaction to guarantee. Pre-authorized transaction to guarantee that at this point in the future I will that at this point in the future I will. That at this point in the future I will lock my account so give me six months to lock my account so give me six months to. Lock my account so give me six months to figure this out and then at that point figure this out and then at that point. Figure this out and then at that point I'm guaranteeing to lock my account with I'm guaranteeing to lock my account with. I'm guaranteeing to lock my account with this pre-authorized transaction that this pre-authorized transaction that. This pre-authorized transaction that i've like pushed to the public everybody i've like pushed to the public everybody. I've like pushed to the public everybody can see it and in some at six months in can see it and in some at six months in. Can see it and in some at six months in the future the future the future we will be able to submit this. We will be able to submit this we will be able to submit this transaction and it will lock the account. Transaction and it will lock the account transaction and it will lock the account. Or you can yes do the inverse of that or you can yes do the inverse of that or you can yes do the inverse of that. And unlock your account with that and unlock your account with that and unlock your account with that. Pre-authorized transaction it's pretty pre-authorized transaction it's pretty pre-authorized transaction it's pretty. Cool feature but definitely an advanced cool feature but definitely an advanced cool feature but definitely an advanced. One one one good question good any audience questions feel free if good any audience questions feel free if. You if you have questions for projects you if you have questions for projects you if you have questions for projects. You're working on you're working on you're working on we're kind of moving into our q a. We're kind of moving into our q a we're kind of moving into our q a building session. There are no dumb questions just you there are no dumb questions just you know people that didn't ask questions. Know people that didn't ask questions know people that didn't ask questions when they should have. Oh let me read that one let me read that oh let me read that one let me read that. One off offline that one sounds one off offline that one sounds one off offline that one sounds. Interesting interesting interesting we'll go ahead and and wrap up we we'll go ahead and and wrap up we. We'll go ahead and and wrap up we have a happy hour coming up we're gonna have a happy hour coming up we're gonna. Have a happy hour coming up we're gonna I mean the hackathon has already started I mean the hackathon has already started. I mean the hackathon has already started so get hacking keep building make sure so get hacking keep building make sure. So get hacking keep building make sure you join our developer discord if you you join our developer discord if you. You join our developer discord if you haven't haven't haven't we'll be around all weekend to answer. we'll be around all weekend to answer we'll be around all weekend to answer. Questions i'll be milling about for questions i'll be milling about for questions i'll be milling about for. Quite a while to answer questions quite a while to answer questions quite a while to answer questions. Excited to see what you guys are excited to see what you guys are excited to see what you guys are. Building thanks so much for giving me building thanks so much for giving me building thanks so much for giving me. Your time super bullish excited about your time super bullish excited about your time super bullish excited about. Nfts hope you are as well thank you so nfts hope you are as well thank you so nfts hope you are as well thank you so. Much much much [Applause].
