Well first I want to thank you so much well first I want to thank you so much for inviting me to the speaker series. For inviting me to the speaker series for inviting me to the speaker series it's an honor to be here and thank you. It's an honor to be here and thank you it's an honor to be here and thank you to anka for pulling this together the. To anka for pulling this together the to anka for pulling this together the coordination of things like this is no. Coordination of things like this is no coordination of things like this is no no small feat and we're very lucky to. No small feat and we're very lucky to no small feat and we're very lucky to have her. Have her have her as part of the Stellar development as part of the Stellar development. As part of the Stellar development foundation pulling these things together foundation pulling these things together. Foundation pulling these things together for the next gen initiative for the next gen initiative. For the next gen initiative today I'm going to talk to you about today I'm going to talk to you about. today I'm going to talk to you about open networks and digital assets I know open networks and digital assets I know. Open networks and digital assets I know that billy explained kind of the ins and that billy explained kind of the ins and. That billy explained kind of the ins and outs of of blockchain in general outs of of blockchain in general . Outs of of blockchain in general if you haven't seen that first if you haven't seen that first. If you haven't seen that first that first video it is on the Stellar that first video it is on the Stellar. That first video it is on the Stellar next gen discord channel so feel free to next gen discord channel so feel free to. Next gen discord channel so feel free to take a look if you missed that take a look if you missed that. Take a look if you missed that but billy grannis gave a great talk and but billy grannis gave a great talk and. But billy grannis gave a great talk and something to kind of get you started something to kind of get you started. Something to kind of get you started today I'm going to talk to you about today I'm going to talk to you about. Today I'm going to talk to you about what we do at Stellar development what we do at Stellar development. What we do at Stellar development foundation which we call sdf for short foundation which we call sdf for short. Foundation which we call sdf for short and then we'll kind of dive into the and then we'll kind of dive into the. And then we'll kind of dive into the applications and use cases of blockchain applications and use cases of blockchain. Applications and use cases of blockchain and specifically Stellar I'm going to do. And specifically Stellar I'm going to do and specifically Stellar I'm going to do. Probably 10 or 15 slides I'm not sure probably 10 or 15 slides I'm not sure probably 10 or 15 slides I'm not sure. Where the marker is exactly and then where the marker is exactly and then where the marker is exactly and then. Kind of pause for questions and they'll kind of pause for questions and they'll kind of pause for questions and they'll. Have more extended time for q a at have more extended time for q a at have more extended time for q a at. The end the end the end so yeah and if there's any technical so yeah and if there's any technical. so yeah and if there's any technical difficulty that you can't see or difficulty that you can't see or. Difficulty that you can't see or something like that jump in anytime something like that jump in anytime. Something like that jump in anytime but yeah I'm I'm excited to be here but yeah I'm I'm excited to be here. but yeah I'm I'm excited to be here so my name is aydah vaughn and I work in so my name is aydah vaughn and I work in. So my name is aydah vaughn and I work in marketing and communications but i've marketing and communications but i've. Marketing and communications but i've had several years of my career here had several years of my career here. Had several years of my career here in blockchain and crypto both as in blockchain and crypto both as. In blockchain and crypto both as a business developer and in the area a business developer and in the area. A business developer and in the area of partnerships so i've worked with a of partnerships so i've worked with a. Of partnerships so i've worked with a lot of different companies in the space lot of different companies in the space. Lot of different companies in the space and really excited to be here today to and really excited to be here today to. And really excited to be here today to talk to you about Stellar from the sdf talk to you about Stellar from the sdf. Talk to you about Stellar from the sdf so let's get started the Stellar development foundation is. The Stellar development foundation is a non-profit entity a non-profit entity a non-profit entity. And we are solely tasked with and we are solely tasked with and we are solely tasked with. Supporting and maintaining the Stellar supporting and maintaining the Stellar supporting and maintaining the Stellar. Network so the Stellar network so the Stellar network and the Stellar development foundation. And the Stellar development foundation and the Stellar development foundation exist to create equitable access to the. Exist to create equitable access to the exist to create equitable access to the global financial system so how do we do. Global financial system so how do we do global financial system so how do we do that. That that we do it in three main ways we do it in three main ways we do it in three main ways. We make money more fluid we make money more fluid we make money more fluid markets more open and people more. Markets more open and people more markets more open and people more empowered empowered. Empowered and the foundation helps maintain and the foundation helps maintain and the foundation helps maintain. Stellar's code base by supporting the Stellar's code base by supporting the Stellar's code base by supporting the. Technical and business communities technical and business communities technical and business communities. Around Stellar providing thought around Stellar providing thought around Stellar providing thought. Leadership to regulators and other leadership to regulators and other leadership to regulators and other. Stakeholders and physically maintaining stakeholders and physically maintaining stakeholders and physically maintaining. Stellar's code base Stellar's code base Stellar's code base so everything sdf does is aimed at. So everything sdf does is aimed at so everything sdf does is aimed at making the network as a whole stronger. Making the network as a whole stronger making the network as a whole stronger and making it a success in its mission. So I'm clicking on two screens here so I'm clicking on two screens here Stellar itself is a decentralized open. Stellar itself is a decentralized open Stellar itself is a decentralized open network that connects the world's. Network that connects the world's network that connects the world's financial infrastructure so blockchains. Financial infrastructure so blockchains financial infrastructure so blockchains can be used for a lot of different. Can be used for a lot of different can be used for a lot of different things but Stellar is purpose built for. Things but Stellar is purpose built for things but Stellar is purpose built for connecting financial systems. Connecting financial systems connecting financial systems and it does that because of its speed. And it does that because of its speed and it does that because of its speed and its scale. And its scale and its scale that can be used for the Stellar that can be used for the Stellar. That can be used for the Stellar blockchain to transfer value the exciting thing about blockchain as a. The exciting thing about blockchain as a technology in general and Stellar is one. Technology in general and Stellar is one technology in general and Stellar is one. Of these chains of these chains of these chains is that it makes it possible to is that it makes it possible to. Is that it makes it possible to move money in new ways move money in new ways move money in new ways. Blockchain makes it possible to create blockchain makes it possible to create blockchain makes it possible to create. Send and trade digital representations send and trade digital representations send and trade digital representations. Also called tokens you'll hear me say also called tokens you'll hear me say also called tokens you'll hear me say. Tokens and tokenization to mean this tokens and tokenization to mean this tokens and tokenization to mean this. Digital representation of all forms of digital representation of all forms of digital representation of all forms of. Money money money whether it's a dollar a peso whether it's a dollar a peso whether it's a dollar a peso. A bitcoin it can be anything so it's a bitcoin it can be anything so it's a bitcoin it can be anything so it's. Designed so that all the world's designed so that all the world's designed so that all the world's. Financial systems can work together and financial systems can work together and financial systems can work together and. Travel value on a single network travel value on a single network travel value on a single network. So let's talk about who exactly uses so let's talk about who exactly uses so let's talk about who exactly uses. Stellar there are a lot of stakeholders involved there are a lot of stakeholders involved. And because Stellar is an open and and because Stellar is an open and and because Stellar is an open and. Permissionless network really anyone can permissionless network really anyone can. Permissionless network really anyone can build anything they can imagine on build anything they can imagine on. Build anything they can imagine on Stellar Stellar Stellar to create impact on the global financial. To create impact on the global financial to create impact on the global financial. System of today Stellar is purpose built system of today Stellar is purpose built. System of today Stellar is purpose built for working with it so we look to extend. For working with it so we look to extend for working with it so we look to extend. And not replace the world's existing and not replace the world's existing and not replace the world's existing. Financial infrastructure financial infrastructure financial infrastructure so businesses that want to pay for goods. So businesses that want to pay for goods so businesses that want to pay for goods. And services across borders banks and and services across borders banks and and services across borders banks and. Fintechs that want to quickly process fintechs that want to quickly process fintechs that want to quickly process. Payments and move assets payments and move assets payments and move assets exchanges that are making for example. Exchanges that are making for example exchanges that are making for example on-chain liquidity with blockchain more. On-chain liquidity with blockchain more on-chain liquidity with blockchain more accessible. Accessible accessible and of course the developers who are and of course the developers who are. And of course the developers who are building and integrating digital building and integrating digital. Building and integrating digital infrastructure across these financial infrastructure across these financial. Infrastructure across these financial systems systems systems governments are interested in Stellar. Governments are interested in Stellar governments are interested in Stellar and we have a lot of communications. And we have a lot of communications and we have a lot of communications where we speak with regulators. Where we speak with regulators where we speak with regulators and kind of inform or try to inform. And kind of inform or try to inform and kind of inform or try to inform policy makers decisions about blockchain. Policy makers decisions about blockchain policy makers decisions about blockchain. Technology technology technology and then of course consumers who want to and then of course consumers who want to. And then of course consumers who want to send receive and grow their hard earned send receive and grow their hard earned. Send receive and grow their hard earned money really everyone money really everyone. Money really everyone since entities can offer financial since entities can offer financial. Since entities can offer financial products and services and take advantage products and services and take advantage. Products and services and take advantage of these features of these features of these features. To build better solutions to real world to build better solutions to real world to build better solutions to real world. Problems Stellar is uniquely useful problems Stellar is uniquely useful problems Stellar is uniquely useful. So how do they do it so how do they do it so how do they do it we'll talk about that. There are three main things that people there are three main things that people do on Stellar. Do on Stellar do on Stellar where it adds utility to these processes where it adds utility to these processes. Where it adds utility to these processes the first is that in order to move an the first is that in order to move an. The first is that in order to move an asset on Stellar it has to be tokenized asset on Stellar it has to be tokenized. Asset on Stellar it has to be tokenized so tokenization of assets is a digital so tokenization of assets is a digital. So tokenization of assets is a digital representation it could be what we call representation it could be what we call. Representation it could be what we call fiat assets like a regular currency a fiat assets like a regular currency a. Fiat assets like a regular currency a dollar a euro a british pound a peso dollar a euro a british pound a peso. Dollar a euro a british pound a peso then once they have that value they need. Then once they have that value they need then once they have that value they need. To hold it and they may want to to hold it and they may want to to hold it and they may want to. Diversify it so they may start out with diversify it so they may start out with diversify it so they may start out with. A us dollar tokenized on Stellar but a us dollar tokenized on Stellar but a us dollar tokenized on Stellar but. Want to move to a mexican peso for want to move to a mexican peso for want to move to a mexican peso for. Example or they may want to send money example or they may want to send money example or they may want to send money. To someone who when they receive it to someone who when they receive it to someone who when they receive it. Wants to change it to a different form wants to change it to a different form wants to change it to a different form. Of value one of the things about blockchain and one of the things about blockchain and. The reason why it's so valuable for the reason why it's so valuable for the reason why it's so valuable for. Financial systems is that it's immutable financial systems is that it's immutable. Financial systems is that it's immutable so so so in the case of new technologies for. In the case of new technologies for in the case of new technologies for moving money there's a high motivation. Moving money there's a high motivation moving money there's a high motivation to tamper. To tamper to tamper with these technologies and because with these technologies and because. With these technologies and because blockchain is so strong in terms of its blockchain is so strong in terms of its. Blockchain is so strong in terms of its immutability its inability to be changed immutability its inability to be changed. Immutability its inability to be changed and the ability to monitor it and the ability to monitor it. And the ability to monitor it it has a particularly high use high it has a particularly high use high. It has a particularly high use high value in this use case value in this use case. Value in this use case the third thing that people do once they the third thing that people do once they. The third thing that people do once they have assets on Stellar is they want to have assets on Stellar is they want to. Have assets on Stellar is they want to send an exchange as I was saying going send an exchange as I was saying going. Send an exchange as I was saying going across border making a payment to a across border making a payment to a. Across border making a payment to a business in another country or even business in another country or even. Business in another country or even sending peer-to-peer remittances so I sending peer-to-peer remittances so i. Sending peer-to-peer remittances so I can send you money if you're in a can send you money if you're in a. Can send you money if you're in a different country and I can use Stellar different country and I can use Stellar. Different country and I can use Stellar to move that value so the first step I'm going to go. So the first step I'm going to go through these these three main through these these three main. Through these these three main ways that Stellar is used and we'll ways that Stellar is used and we'll. Ways that Stellar is used and we'll start out with tokenization so you might start out with tokenization so you might. Start out with tokenization so you might wonder wonder wonder how does a dollar get on to Stellar and. How does a dollar get on to Stellar and how does a dollar get on to Stellar and that is this process called tokenization. That is this process called tokenization that is this process called tokenization. In order to have a universal payment in order to have a universal payment in order to have a universal payment. Network where value can move everything network where value can move everything network where value can move everything. Has to be in this form of a token has to be in this form of a token has to be in this form of a token. And so tokens are a redeemable tradable and so tokens are a redeemable tradable and so tokens are a redeemable tradable. Representation of any asset and it only representation of any asset and it only representation of any asset and it only. Takes a few lines of code to do it on takes a few lines of code to do it on takes a few lines of code to do it on. Stellar token issuance is really the Stellar token issuance is really the Stellar token issuance is really the. Backbone of the Stellar network and it's backbone of the Stellar network and it's. Backbone of the Stellar network and it's how we connect all the world's how we connect all the world's. How we connect all the world's currencies and systems it's what Stellar currencies and systems it's what Stellar. Currencies and systems it's what Stellar was built for was built for was built for. Asset issuance is also flexible asset issuance is also flexible asset issuance is also flexible. You can issue a token that represents you can issue a token that represents you can issue a token that represents. Anything from anything from anything from an ounce of gold an ounce of gold an ounce of gold. To a piece of art to a piece of art to a piece of art to to to an hour of your time as a consultant. An hour of your time as a consultant an hour of your time as a consultant could be a real asset could be a service. Could be a real asset could be a service could be a real asset could be a service. It's up to you it's up to you it's up to you today I'm going to talk to you about two. Today I'm going to talk to you about two today I'm going to talk to you about two. Main types of assets which are main types of assets which are main types of assets which are. These like these like these like non-currency assets i'll call them so non-currency assets i'll call them so. Non-currency assets i'll call them so things that are not a dollar not a peso things that are not a dollar not a peso. Things that are not a dollar not a peso things like things like things like the the bit of your time or a piece. The the bit of your time or a piece the the bit of your time or a piece of art. Of art of art those are non-currency assets and then those are non-currency assets and then. Those are non-currency assets and then we'll also talk about fiat-backed assets we'll also talk about fiat-backed assets. We'll also talk about fiat-backed assets and the utility for those I love this example so. I love this example so you know so much of the internet and you know so much of the internet and. you know so much of the internet and so much of technology has grown around so much of technology has grown around. So much of technology has grown around entertainment right entertainment right entertainment right. This is an example of a game plan game this is an example of a game plan game this is an example of a game plan game. Platform that started with a card game platform that started with a card game platform that started with a card game. And the cards were able to be traded and the cards were able to be traded and the cards were able to be traded. Inside the game inside the game inside the game and used as assets so they had value. And used as assets so they had value and used as assets so they had value only inside the game. Only inside the game only inside the game and lightning is a tech company they. And lightning is a tech company they and lightning is a tech company they call themselves a tech company that. Call themselves a tech company that call themselves a tech company that creates innovative products to connect. Creates innovative products to connect creates innovative products to connect crypto enthusiasts and gamers to unique. Crypto enthusiasts and gamers to unique crypto enthusiasts and gamers to unique experiences. Experiences experiences lightman started off with a site called lightman started off with a site called. Lightman started off with a site called lightmint.io lightmint.io lightmint.io and this was this is a little screenshot. And this was this is a little screenshot and this was this is a little screenshot. Of their game of their game of their game their cards were collectible on the their cards were collectible on the. Their cards were collectible on the Stellar blockchain and then when their Stellar blockchain and then when their. Stellar blockchain and then when their community wanted a place to start to community wanted a place to start to. Community wanted a place to start to trade their cards and interact with one trade their cards and interact with one. Trade their cards and interact with one another with the card's value that's another with the card's value that's. Another with the card's value that's when the idea of an nft marketplace came when the idea of an nft marketplace came. When the idea of an nft marketplace came to life so do you all have the to life so do you all have the. To life so do you all have the ability to raise your hand on your let ability to raise your hand on your let. Ability to raise your hand on your let me see I should have asked at the me see I should have asked at the. Me see I should have asked at the beginning to raise your hand so how many beginning to raise your hand so how many. Beginning to raise your hand so how many folks have heard of an nft okay so now for all the people who. Okay so now for all the people who have ever owned an nft have ever owned an nft have ever owned an nft. Keep your hand up so game platforms and nfts are used so game platforms and nfts are used. Enlightenment and it allows creators as you may have and it allows creators as you may have. Heard nft stands for a non-fungible heard nft stands for a non-fungible heard nft stands for a non-fungible. Token and a non-fungible token is a unit token and a non-fungible token is a unit. Token and a non-fungible token is a unit of value that cannot be divided so if of value that cannot be divided so if. Of value that cannot be divided so if you have an nft that represents an you have an nft that represents an. You have an nft that represents an avatar that you drew or avatar that you drew or. Avatar that you drew or a service you're providing whatever it a service you're providing whatever it. A service you're providing whatever it is you cannot split the nft and it has a is you cannot split the nft and it has a. Is you cannot split the nft and it has a a single representation and a single a single representation and a single. A single representation and a single owner owner owner and but they can be traded so this. And but they can be traded so this and but they can be traded so this. Is an example of a game platform that is an example of a game platform that is an example of a game platform that. Uses nfts and it's it's pretty neat uses nfts and it's it's pretty neat uses nfts and it's it's pretty neat. Because because because the Stellar network is very very cheap the Stellar network is very very cheap. The Stellar network is very very cheap to operate unlike some of the other to operate unlike some of the other. To operate unlike some of the other major blockchains and so creators can major blockchains and so creators can. Major blockchains and so creators can create can make an nft that costs five create can make an nft that costs five. Create can make an nft that costs five or ten or twenty or or even a dollar and or ten or twenty or or even a dollar and. Or ten or twenty or or even a dollar and because the cost of transactions on because the cost of transactions on. Because the cost of transactions on Stellar is so low that really anyone can Stellar is so low that really anyone can. Stellar is so low that really anyone can do this which is pretty neat it's do this which is pretty neat it's. Do this which is pretty neat it's another layer of kind of another layer of kind of. Another layer of kind of inclusion in Stellar that is is pretty inclusion in Stellar that is is pretty. Inclusion in Stellar that is is pretty fun and it allows for a very flexible fun and it allows for a very flexible. Fun and it allows for a very flexible and movable kind of nft so on a more serious note tokenization. So on a more serious note tokenization of securities of securities of securities I think so i'll do the same question. I think so i'll do the same question I think so i'll do the same question like how many of you own a security own. Like how many of you own a security own like how many of you own a security own a stock probably everyone right everyone. A stock probably everyone right everyone a stock probably everyone right everyone. In the room probably owns some sort of in the room probably owns some sort of in the room probably owns some sort of. Security security security and I think in and I think in and I think in go ahead let's see is it every single. Go ahead let's see is it every single go ahead let's see is it every single person that's got to be right everyone's. Person that's got to be right everyone's person that's got to be right everyone's. Got something something in their got something something in their got something something in their. Portfolio hopefully portfolio hopefully portfolio hopefully there are some people that raise their. There are some people that raise their there are some people that raise their hands. Hands hands can you see them ada yes I can see I can you see them ada yes I can see I i. Can you see them ada yes I can see I see a seat there's a sea of hands yes I see a seat there's a sea of hands yes i. See a seat there's a sea of hands yes I can't I can see that nearly everyone or can't I can see that nearly everyone or. Can't I can see that nearly everyone or maybe everyone has owned a stock maybe everyone has owned a stock. Maybe everyone has owned a stock you probably have not owned a you probably have not owned a. you probably have not owned a tokenized stock and the reason for that tokenized stock and the reason for that. Tokenized stock and the reason for that is that we live in a high income economy is that we live in a high income economy. Is that we live in a high income economy where we have very easy access to high where we have very easy access to high. Where we have very easy access to high quality securities on you know I can go quality securities on you know I can go. Quality securities on you know I can go on e-trade almost any of us can open an on e-trade almost any of us can open an. On e-trade almost any of us can open an account at a fidelity or an e-trade or account at a fidelity or an e-trade or. Account at a fidelity or an e-trade or charles schwab any of these brokerage charles schwab any of these brokerage. Charles schwab any of these brokerage houses will welcome our business and and houses will welcome our business and and. Houses will welcome our business and and allow us to buy securities and enter allow us to buy securities and enter. Allow us to buy securities and enter into other kinds of investment into other kinds of investment. Into other kinds of investment opportunities opportunities opportunities however in the rest of the world. However in the rest of the world however in the rest of the world especially in emerging markets. Especially in emerging markets especially in emerging markets it is not that way at all we can buy. It is not that way at all we can buy it is not that way at all we can buy a share of tesla or apple anytime we. A share of tesla or apple anytime we a share of tesla or apple anytime we want but if someone who is living let's. Want but if someone who is living let's want but if someone who is living let's say in a small town in latin america or. Say in a small town in latin america or say in a small town in latin america or in sub-saharan africa or other parts of. In sub-saharan africa or other parts of in sub-saharan africa or other parts of the world they simply don't have. The world they simply don't have the world they simply don't have access to these kinds of assets and so. Access to these kinds of assets and so access to these kinds of assets and so tokenization of securities is a really. Tokenization of securities is a really tokenization of securities is a really interesting use case for blockchain and. Interesting use case for blockchain and interesting use case for blockchain and for Stellar specifically I'm going to. For Stellar specifically I'm going to for Stellar specifically I'm going to show you an example of it. Show you an example of it show you an example of it but it whether it's stock or real estate. But it whether it's stock or real estate but it whether it's stock or real estate. These kinds of assets again they're not these kinds of assets again they're not these kinds of assets again they're not. Money they're different than a currency money they're different than a currency money they're different than a currency. Asset but they can be tokenized in very asset but they can be tokenized in very asset but they can be tokenized in very. Similar to securities that can be similar to securities that can be similar to securities that can be. Tokenized into shares and tokens on tokenized into shares and tokens on tokenized into shares and tokens on. Stellar so I'm going to show you an Stellar so I'm going to show you an Stellar so I'm going to show you an. Example of a company called d stock example of a company called d stock example of a company called d stock. They have kind of a fun spelling of they have kind of a fun spelling of they have kind of a fun spelling of. Their name their name their name and give you an idea of how that and give you an idea of how that. And give you an idea of how that works so they are a works so they are a works so they are a. Company that offers access to company that offers access to company that offers access to. stocks like apple and tesla like you stocks like apple and tesla like you stocks like apple and tesla like you. Can see here in emerging markets they can see here in emerging markets they. Can see here in emerging markets they also allow micro investing so you can also allow micro investing so you can. Also allow micro investing so you can buy a fraction of a share for someone buy a fraction of a share for someone. Buy a fraction of a share for someone who maybe only can invest you know 10 who maybe only can invest you know 10. Who maybe only can invest you know 10 euros or 20 euros euros or 20 euros euros or 20 euros. And this is a really unique way to and this is a really unique way to and this is a really unique way to. Expand assets expand assets expand assets expand access to high quality expand access to high quality. Expand access to high quality assets that otherwise they would not be assets that otherwise they would not be. Assets that otherwise they would not be able to reach able to reach able to reach. And and they can also securely trade and and they can also securely trade and and they can also securely trade. Them so inside this them so inside this them so inside this app is available in europe. App is available in europe app is available in europe vietnam south africa there are a. vietnam south africa there are a vietnam south africa there are a number of markets where people can then. Number of markets where people can then number of markets where people can then trade these fractional shares and so. Trade these fractional shares and so trade these fractional shares and so it's kind of a marketplace in and of. It's kind of a marketplace in and of it's kind of a marketplace in and of itself itself. Itself and it's pretty it's a pretty and it's pretty it's a pretty and it's pretty it's a pretty. Interesting use case for financial interesting use case for financial interesting use case for financial. Inclusion inclusion inclusion here's one more this company is called here's one more this company is called. Here's one more this company is called realty bets and again realty bits is realty bets and again realty bits is . Realty bets and again realty bits is a marketplace on Stellar and they have a marketplace on Stellar and they have. A marketplace on Stellar and they have built-in infrastructure where people can built-in infrastructure where people can. Built-in infrastructure where people can invest in invest in invest in opportunities like. Opportunities like opportunities like startups like real estate they started startups like real estate they started. Startups like real estate they started out realtyvis story out realtyvis story out realtyvis story. Is that they started out with their name is that they started out with their name. Is that they started out with their name as you might imagine mainly doing real as you might imagine mainly doing real. As you might imagine mainly doing real estate but then they had these verified estate but then they had these verified. Estate but then they had these verified you know sponsors and investors involved you know sponsors and investors involved. You know sponsors and investors involved in their platform and realized that they. In their platform and realized that they in their platform and realized that they. Could do a lot more and so they expanded could do a lot more and so they expanded. Could do a lot more and so they expanded to other types of of assets and it to other types of of assets and it. to other types of of assets and it allows for cap table management allows for cap table management. Allows for cap table management it just really simplifies the whole it just really simplifies the whole. it just really simplifies the whole process you know normally to invest in a process you know normally to invest in a. Process you know normally to invest in a private asset private asset private asset. it's quite a clunky process you know it's quite a clunky process you know it's quite a clunky process you know. If there's a private equity manager and if there's a private equity manager and if there's a private equity manager and. They got to talk to this person talk to they got to talk to this person talk to they got to talk to this person talk to. That person it's very slow there's a lot that person it's very slow there's a lot. That person it's very slow there's a lot of friction and it's very expensive and of friction and it's very expensive and. Of friction and it's very expensive and so this just promotes a lot of so this just promotes a lot of. So this just promotes a lot of efficiency and these kind of investor efficiency and these kind of investor. Efficiency and these kind of investor sponsor relationships and streamlines sponsor relationships and streamlines. Sponsor relationships and streamlines the whole process so realty bits built the whole process so realty bits built. The whole process so realty bits built this platform and it offers users this platform and it offers users. This platform and it offers users access to investments that they again access to investments that they again. Access to investments that they again wouldn't ordinarily see or where wouldn't ordinarily see or where . Wouldn't ordinarily see or where investing investing investing maybe in a small way would be too. Maybe in a small way would be too maybe in a small way would be too cumbersome so it gives them a faster. Cumbersome so it gives them a faster cumbersome so it gives them a faster on-ramp so as you can see from these use. On-ramp so as you can see from these use on-ramp so as you can see from these use. Cases cases cases any any company it's open source any any any company it's open source any. Any any company it's open source any company can issue any kind of asset they company can issue any kind of asset they. Company can issue any kind of asset they want on Stellar so now we're going to talk about well my. So now we're going to talk about well my slides have gone crazy sorry slides have gone crazy sorry. Slides have gone crazy sorry now we're going to talk about now we're going to talk about. now we're going to talk about the the the use case for fiat currencies use case for fiat currencies. Use case for fiat currencies who here has heard of the term stable who here has heard of the term stable. Who here has heard of the term stable coin couple people couple people how about okay so keep your so now I'm. How about okay so keep your so now I'm how about okay so keep your so now I'm gonna ask another one you can lower your. Gonna ask another one you can lower your gonna ask another one you can lower your. Hand and then how about cbdc hand and then how about cbdc hand and then how about cbdc. I can say it so fast because I say it a I can say it so fast because I say it a I can say it so fast because I say it a. Lot cbdc okay a few people not many okay a few people not many stablecoin stablecoin is a relatively. stablecoin stablecoin is a relatively stablecoin stablecoin is a relatively. New term new term new term when you tokenize an asset on Stellar when you tokenize an asset on Stellar. When you tokenize an asset on Stellar and it happens to be a fiat currency and it happens to be a fiat currency. And it happens to be a fiat currency we call it a stable coin and what that we call it a stable coin and what that. We call it a stable coin and what that means is because blockchain assets means is because blockchain assets. Means is because blockchain assets grew up in this world of coins like grew up in this world of coins like. Grew up in this world of coins like bitcoin everything's a coin something's bitcoin everything's a coin something's. Bitcoin everything's a coin something's a coin a coin a coin stable coins are meant to mean that they. Stable coins are meant to mean that they stable coins are meant to mean that they. Are are are always tied in a one-to-one relationship always tied in a one-to-one relationship. Always tied in a one-to-one relationship with their underlying fiat with their underlying fiat. With their underlying fiat currency so one let's say usdc which currency so one let's say usdc which. Currency so one let's say usdc which is a us dollar stable coin we'll talk is a us dollar stable coin we'll talk. Is a us dollar stable coin we'll talk about in a minute is always worth one about in a minute is always worth one. About in a minute is always worth one u.s dollar and redeemable for that u.s dollar and redeemable for that. U.s dollar and redeemable for that dollar dollar dollar so stable coins are that kind they. so stable coins are that kind they so stable coins are that kind they can be any representing any of the. Can be any representing any of the can be any representing any of the world's currencies but they always. World's currencies but they always world's currencies but they always remain stable to the value one coin is. Remain stable to the value one coin is remain stable to the value one coin is one dollar or one coin is one british. One dollar or one coin is one british one dollar or one coin is one british pound just like that. Pound just like that pound just like that in the case of cbdc's this is a in the case of cbdc's this is a. in the case of cbdc's this is a relatively new relatively new relatively new development in blockchain so there. development in blockchain so there development in blockchain so there are country probably I want to say 60 to. Are country probably I want to say 60 to are country probably I want to say 60 to. 80 projects pilot projects going on 80 projects pilot projects going on 80 projects pilot projects going on. Around the world and then there are a around the world and then there are a around the world and then there are a. Few few few that are starting to I think to like that are starting to I think to like. That are starting to I think to like roll out and get beyond pilot stage but roll out and get beyond pilot stage but. Roll out and get beyond pilot stage but the idea of a cbdc which stands for the idea of a cbdc which stands for. The idea of a cbdc which stands for central bank digital currency central bank digital currency. Central bank digital currency is beyond a stable coin so these are a is beyond a stable coin so these are a. Is beyond a stable coin so these are a type of stable coin that a central type of stable coin that a central. Type of stable coin that a central bank issues the asset bank issues the asset. Bank issues the asset and what that would mean is that that and what that would mean is that that. And what that would mean is that that central banker central banker central banker. Can retain control can retain control can retain control control of their monetary policy. Control of their monetary policy control of their monetary policy and that they can control the economics. And that they can control the economics and that they can control the economics and security and functions and there's. And security and functions and there's and security and functions and there's some programmability on Stellar a lot of. Some programmability on Stellar a lot of some programmability on Stellar a lot of. Really neat features really neat features really neat features but cbdcs are a form of digital currency. But cbdcs are a form of digital currency but cbdcs are a form of digital currency. That are meant to be controlled by a that are meant to be controlled by a that are meant to be controlled by a. Central bank just like ordinary fiat central bank just like ordinary fiat central bank just like ordinary fiat. Money so kind of central it keeps that money so kind of central it keeps that money so kind of central it keeps that. Central control over the monetary policy central control over the monetary policy. Central control over the monetary policy oh my hand is raised I can't see who oh my hand is raised I can't see who. Oh my hand is raised I can't see who raised their hand raised their hand raised their hand. Are your hands still up from the cbdc are your hands still up from the cbdc are your hands still up from the cbdc. Question question question if anyone has a question go ahead and if anyone has a question go ahead and. If anyone has a question go ahead and jump right in and speak jump right in and speak. Jump right in and speak so I can't see all of you so I can't see all of you so I can't see all of you. Yeah my bad I think I just left it up yeah my bad I think I just left it up yeah my bad I think I just left it up. Oh no problem oh no problem oh no problem all right great so we are going to talk. All right great so we are going to talk all right great so we are going to talk about usdc. About usdc about usdc the the the the oh and I should probably mention the oh and I should probably mention. The oh and I should probably mention anchors before I get any further so anchors before I get any further so. Anchors before I get any further so cbdc's and stable coins as I said are cbdc's and stable coins as I said are. Cbdc's and stable coins as I said are representations of representations of representations of. Regular money so when you have a regular regular money so when you have a regular. Regular money so when you have a regular dollar you give it to an asset issuer dollar you give it to an asset issuer. Dollar you give it to an asset issuer and they give you a token and they give you a token. And they give you a token and those issuers we call in the and those issuers we call in the. and those issuers we call in the Stellar network we call them anchors and Stellar network we call them anchors and. Stellar network we call them anchors and that is because they anchor the fiat that is because they anchor the fiat. That is because they anchor the fiat value to the token value to the token value to the token. And so they're a very important part of and so they're a very important part of and so they're a very important part of. The system of onboarding value the system of onboarding value the system of onboarding value. And off-boarding value to the Stellar and off-boarding value to the Stellar and off-boarding value to the Stellar. Network and you'll hear more about network and you'll hear more about network and you'll hear more about. Anchors in just a minute anchors in just a minute anchors in just a minute one really important anchor. One really important anchor one really important anchor is usdc circle I'm sorry my slides are. Is usdc circle I'm sorry my slides are is usdc circle I'm sorry my slides are so jumpy I need a better mouse . So jumpy I need a better mouse so jumpy I need a better mouse the in this this graph is actually a. The in this this graph is actually a the in this this graph is actually a little bit out of data I believe we have. Little bit out of data I believe we have little bit out of data I believe we have. Surpassed today 40 billion usdc in surpassed today 40 billion usdc in surpassed today 40 billion usdc in. Circulation circulation circulation so usd stan usdc stands for usd coin so usd stan usdc stands for usd coin. so usd stan usdc stands for usd coin as I said many things are a coin as I said many things are a coin . as I said many things are a coin in our world in our world in our world usdc is issued by regulate regulated. Usdc is issued by regulate regulated usdc is issued by regulate regulated financial institutions it's backed one. Financial institutions it's backed one financial institutions it's backed one to one by u.s dollars and it's governed. To one by u.s dollars and it's governed to one by u.s dollars and it's governed by a consortium called center. By a consortium called center by a consortium called center centre centre centre I think someone went off mute for a. I think someone went off mute for a I think someone went off mute for a second second. Second and so there are these kind of technical and so there are these kind of technical. And so there are these kind of technical and policy standards financial standards. And policy standards financial standards and policy standards financial standards. For stable coins usdc is always a dollar for stable coins usdc is always a dollar. For stable coins usdc is always a dollar and it's available on multiple and it's available on multiple. and it's available on multiple networks too which is one of the reasons networks too which is one of the reasons. Networks too which is one of the reasons I think for its fast growth it has I think for its fast growth it has. I think for its fast growth it has transferred on chain over a trillion transferred on chain over a trillion. Transferred on chain over a trillion dollars dollars dollars in in a year basically and so there's. in in a year basically and so there's in in a year basically and so there's. A lot of movement of usdc it's super a lot of movement of usdc it's super a lot of movement of usdc it's super. Useful as a way of moving value useful as a way of moving value useful as a way of moving value. Without losing value because it's always without losing value because it's always. Without losing value because it's always stable it's a stable coin stable it's a stable coin. Stable it's a stable coin and the usdnc in circulation has been and the usdnc in circulation has been. and the usdnc in circulation has been growing all the time as I said I think growing all the time as I said I think. Growing all the time as I said I think it's over 40 billion it's over 40 billion it's over 40 billion. Right now right now right now so so so these anchors as I was saying these anchors as I was saying. These anchors as I was saying are both the on and off ramps of value are both the on and off ramps of value. Are both the on and off ramps of value and you can kind of see an example of and you can kind of see an example of. And you can kind of see an example of some of the Stellar some of the Stellar some of the Stellar. Anchors around the world in this slide anchors around the world in this slide anchors around the world in this slide. So in addition to usdc there are other so in addition to usdc there are other so in addition to usdc there are other. Us dollar stable coins that are issued us dollar stable coins that are issued us dollar stable coins that are issued. As well from the u.s as well from the u.s as well from the u.s as well as argentine pesos there are. As well as argentine pesos there are as well as argentine pesos there are euros there's nigerian naira. Euros there's nigerian naira euros there's nigerian naira philippine pesos philippine pesos. Philippine pesos there there are lots more and so there there are lots more and so. there there are lots more and so especially when especially when especially when. you have this you have this you have this transition between currencies and when. Transition between currencies and when transition between currencies and when one of those currencies is. One of those currencies is one of those currencies is i'll say difficult or less liquid. I'll say difficult or less liquid i'll say difficult or less liquid if you've ever traveled someplace in. if you've ever traveled someplace in if you've ever traveled someplace in the world where it was sort of a. The world where it was sort of a the world where it was sort of a currency you don't use as much. Currency you don't use as much currency you don't use as much those kinds of currencies have a lot of. Those kinds of currencies have a lot of those kinds of currencies have a lot of friction and transition people tend to. Friction and transition people tend to friction and transition people tend to pay very high fees. Pay very high fees pay very high fees and so connecting those financial and so connecting those financial. And so connecting those financial systems with Stellar has a huge benefit systems with Stellar has a huge benefit. Systems with Stellar has a huge benefit for the citizens there and those anchors for the citizens there and those anchors. For the citizens there and those anchors in the local area serve as an on and off. In the local area serve as an on and off in the local area serve as an on and off. Ramp for value to the network so they ramp for value to the network so they ramp for value to the network so they. Accept the local currency they pay the accept the local currency they pay the accept the local currency they pay the. Local currency and then they trans they local currency and then they trans they local currency and then they trans they. Can onboard it and keep it in that can onboard it and keep it in that can onboard it and keep it in that. Currency or can change on its way currency or can change on its way currency or can change on its way. so when they so when they so when they do you have a question do you have a question. Do you have a question let's see another race yeah I had to go let's see another race yeah I had to go. Let's see another race yeah I had to go ahead generally or like cbdc's yeah ahead generally or like cbdc's yeah. Ahead generally or like cbdc's yeah and so I was wondering if a lot of the and so I was wondering if a lot of the. And so I was wondering if a lot of the hype around like crypto is about how hype around like crypto is about how. Hype around like crypto is about how it's decentralized but cbdc's are like it's decentralized but cbdc's are like. It's decentralized but cbdc's are like regulated and issued by like central regulated and issued by like central. Regulated and issued by like central banks how do they fit into the banks how do they fit into the. Banks how do they fit into the picture of like cryptocurrency in picture of like cryptocurrency in. Picture of like cryptocurrency in general general general yeah that's a good question. Yeah that's a good question yeah that's a good question so assets are all are so assets are all are. so assets are all are issued assets like stable coins are issued assets like stable coins are. Issued assets like stable coins are typically issued by a single source so typically issued by a single source so. Typically issued by a single source so even even even you know center is a consortium of. you know center is a consortium of you know center is a consortium of companies but circle is the issuer of. Companies but circle is the issuer of companies but circle is the issuer of usdc so the all the. Usdc so the all the usdc so the all the value is sitting in a centralized place value is sitting in a centralized place. Value is sitting in a centralized place I think I think I think the difference and what we are trying to. The difference and what we are trying to the difference and what we are trying to. Push for also push for also push for also with cbdc's is to have them with cbdc's is to have them. With cbdc's is to have them have the ability to move on an open and have the ability to move on an open and. Have the ability to move on an open and permissionless network permissionless network. Permissionless network so we care a lot about the network so we care a lot about the network. So we care a lot about the network versus the asset issuance I mean it's versus the asset issuance I mean it's. Versus the asset issuance I mean it's great it's easy and and secure and great it's easy and and secure and. Great it's easy and and secure and there's a lot of great features issuing there's a lot of great features issuing. There's a lot of great features issuing assets on Stellar we absolutely want assets on Stellar we absolutely want. Assets on Stellar we absolutely want people to do that but in terms of our people to do that but in terms of our. People to do that but in terms of our global financial inclusion goals global financial inclusion goals. Global financial inclusion goals in the space of cbdc's we really want in the space of cbdc's we really want. In the space of cbdc's we really want these assets to be changeable and to be these assets to be changeable and to be. These assets to be changeable and to be able to travel on to be by changeable I able to travel on to be by changeable i. Able to travel on to be by changeable I mean interoperable so they can travel mean interoperable so they can travel. Mean interoperable so they can travel between between between geographies geographies. Geographies and and and and to be able to be used by anyone and to be able to be used by anyone. and to be able to be used by anyone and I think actually central banks want and I think actually central banks want. And I think actually central banks want the same thing they want the same thing they want. The same thing they want access for everyone that's a it's a access for everyone that's a it's a. Access for everyone that's a it's a large concern they want security they large concern they want security they. Large concern they want security they want access we're actually getting ready want access we're actually getting ready. Want access we're actually getting ready to to to publish a a study a kind of a deep. publish a a study a kind of a deep publish a a study a kind of a deep. Research paper on cbdc's probably before research paper on cbdc's probably before. Research paper on cbdc's probably before the end of the year fingers crossed the end of the year fingers crossed . The end of the year fingers crossed that anka can definitely hook you up to that anka can definitely hook you up to. That anka can definitely hook you up to if you're interested in learning more if you're interested in learning more. If you're interested in learning more about the details of policy frameworks about the details of policy frameworks. About the details of policy frameworks for cbdc's it's pretty intricate stuff for cbdc's it's pretty intricate stuff. For cbdc's it's pretty intricate stuff any other questions go ahead any other questions go ahead. Any other questions go ahead jump in jump in jump in hi hello thank you adam I was just. Hi hello thank you adam I was just hi hello thank you adam I was just. Having a question about having a question about having a question about how the anchor system works so the. How the anchor system works so the how the anchor system works so the way I understand it you go to the anchor. Way I understand it you go to the anchor way I understand it you go to the anchor. With a hundred bucks with a hundred bucks with a hundred bucks i'll give it to thank god they gave me. I'll give it to thank god they gave me i'll give it to thank god they gave me back hundred tokens. Back hundred tokens back hundred tokens would these anchors be holding off would these anchors be holding off. would these anchors be holding off hundred bucks like in their reserve or hundred bucks like in their reserve or. Hundred bucks like in their reserve or would they be would they be would they be holding one certain one portion of it. holding one certain one portion of it holding one certain one portion of it. And using the rest for investments and using the rest for investments and using the rest for investments. Like a bank does and is that how they like a bank does and is that how they like a bank does and is that how they. Make their fees make their fees make their fees it's an insightful question yes so most. It's an insightful question yes so most it's an insightful question yes so most anchors do charge a fee. Anchors do charge a fee anchors do charge a fee to convert from the fiat to convert from the fiat. to convert from the fiat whatever fiat you're giving them to whatever fiat you're giving them to . Whatever fiat you're giving them to the tokenized asset and they are the tokenized asset and they are. The tokenized asset and they are anchors are regulated financial anchors are regulated financial. Anchors are regulated financial institutions so institutions so institutions so while they're . While they're while they're you know across the world for example you know across the world for example. You know across the world for example like a famous a famous and very like a famous a famous and very. Like a famous a famous and very criticized stable coin called tether criticized stable coin called tether. Criticized stable coin called tether usdt usdt usdt people are very critical of their. People are very critical of their people are very critical of their reserve of their policies around the. Reserve of their policies around the reserve of their policies around the reserve and they ask for audits and. Reserve and they ask for audits and reserve and they ask for audits and things like that I think. Things like that I think things like that I think in general blockchain is fairly. In general blockchain is fairly in general blockchain is fairly transparent and companies that and. Transparent and companies that and transparent and companies that and Stellar is this way too very open and. Stellar is this way too very open and Stellar is this way too very open and transparent about policies and what you. Transparent about policies and what you transparent about policies and what you know how they manage funds and exactly. Know how they manage funds and exactly know how they manage funds and exactly what their reserves are and where their. What their reserves are and where their what their reserves are and where their reserves are. Reserves are reserves are we insist on we insist on we insist on companies that become anchors on. companies that become anchors on companies that become anchors on Stellar have to identify themselves they. Stellar have to identify themselves they Stellar have to identify themselves they. Have you know they're kind of a have you know they're kind of a have you know they're kind of a. Trusted financial institution in their trusted financial institution in their trusted financial institution in their. Own market own market own market and they all have to comply with and they all have to comply with. And they all have to comply with their own local regulations but our their own local regulations but our. Their own local regulations but our expectation is that they are fully expectation is that they are fully. Expectation is that they are fully reserved assets reserved assets reserved assets . We we we we are an open network and so anyone can we are an open network and so anyone can. We are an open network and so anyone can use it and it's definitely up to the use it and it's definitely up to the. Use it and it's definitely up to the user and the consumer to make sure that user and the consumer to make sure that. User and the consumer to make sure that they're making smart decisions but we they're making smart decisions but we. They're making smart decisions but we really look to hold our anchors to a really look to hold our anchors to a. Really look to hold our anchors to a high bar high bar high bar well then if one of the anchors go down. Well then if one of the anchors go down well then if one of the anchors go down would that mean. Would that mean would that mean other anchors have to help save them or other anchors have to help save them or. Other anchors have to help save them or is this connected network or are they is this connected network or are they. Is this connected network or are they all by themselves because if they're not all by themselves because if they're not. All by themselves because if they're not they're just like individual banks small. They're just like individual banks small they're just like individual banks small. Banks banks banks that just that just that just exchange between fifth way off fiat. Exchange between fifth way off fiat exchange between fifth way off fiat money and tokens. Money and tokens money and tokens everything everything everything they are msb so they are money service. They are msb so they are money service they are msb so they are money service businesses or fintech so they're like a. Businesses or fintech so they're like a businesses or fintech so they're like a neobank they're like a bank in their. Neobank they're like a bank in their neobank they're like a bank in their local area for sure they actually act. Local area for sure they actually act local area for sure they actually act like a local bank. Like a local bank like a local bank so they're prone to the same risks of a so they're prone to the same risks of a. So they're prone to the same risks of a bank going bankrupt because of that bank going bankrupt because of that. Bank going bankrupt because of that investments investments investments potentially although. Potentially although potentially although tokenizing I would say that anchors are. Tokenizing I would say that anchors are tokenizing I would say that anchors are the on and off ramp and I would use the. The on and off ramp and I would use the the on and off ramp and I would use the word ramp because you don't usually hang. Word ramp because you don't usually hang word ramp because you don't usually hang. Out on a ramp right when you go on the out on a ramp right when you go on the out on a ramp right when you go on the. Highway you get on and you go and you go highway you get on and you go and you go. Highway you get on and you go and you go where you're going and when you get off where you're going and when you get off. Where you're going and when you get off you get off you don't park on the ramp you get off you don't park on the ramp. You get off you don't park on the ramp and stay there so I think most of the and stay there so I think most of the. And stay there so I think most of the time value is moving through the anchor time value is moving through the anchor. Time value is moving through the anchor and it's on its way somewhere else so and it's on its way somewhere else so . And it's on its way somewhere else so I think still the majority of the use I think still the majority of the use. I think still the majority of the use cases that we're looking at for cases that we're looking at for. Cases that we're looking at for these kind of cross-border payments they these kind of cross-border payments they. These kind of cross-border payments they all start in some kind of fiat and end all start in some kind of fiat and end. All start in some kind of fiat and end in some kind of fiat so in some kind of fiat so. In some kind of fiat so you know and this can happen in you know you know and this can happen in you know. You know and this can happen in you know seconds or minutes when it arrives at seconds or minutes when it arrives at. Seconds or minutes when it arrives at the destination generally speaking the destination generally speaking. The destination generally speaking people are going to land the value in people are going to land the value in. People are going to land the value in their bank account for their bank account for. Their bank account for in cash sometimes and so that means the in cash sometimes and so that means the. In cash sometimes and so that means the transaction happened and it's done you transaction happened and it's done you. Transaction happened and it's done you have your you have your value ready have your you have your value ready. Have your you have your value ready thank you so much ata thank you so much ata thank you so much ata. Sure no I think I left my hand up just no I think I left my hand up just saying okay. Saying okay saying okay hi hi hi nice to see you again so yes all of nice to see you again so yes all of. Nice to see you again so yes all of all of the anchors just to sum up on all of the anchors just to sum up on. All of the anchors just to sum up on that question all the anchors are that question all the anchors are. That question all the anchors are maintaining these fiat reserves once maintaining these fiat reserves once. Maintaining these fiat reserves once they onboard value to the network they onboard value to the network . They onboard value to the network equal to the tokens that they've issued equal to the tokens that they've issued. Equal to the tokens that they've issued on Stellar and then anytime people on Stellar and then anytime people. On Stellar and then anytime people redeem or pass to another anchor then redeem or pass to another anchor then. Redeem or pass to another anchor then that's how the value will move and that's how the value will move and. That's how the value will move and eventually land and be out again our vision for Stellar is this. Our vision for Stellar is this you know better connections better you know better connections better. You know better connections better interoperability for a world where you interoperability for a world where you. Interoperability for a world where you know we see globalization happening know we see globalization happening . Know we see globalization happening but the access to financial services is but the access to financial services is. But the access to financial services is still fairly unequal still fairly unequal . Still fairly unequal you know you know you know when usdc kind of when usdc kind of. When usdc kind of moves through the economy moves through the economy moves through the economy. The underlying dollars are still sitting the underlying dollars are still sitting. The underlying dollars are still sitting in the bank but we're enabling all of in the bank but we're enabling all of. In the bank but we're enabling all of this commerce there's economic activity this commerce there's economic activity. This commerce there's economic activity people can loan you know tokens to one people can loan you know tokens to one. People can loan you know tokens to one another another another there's no intermediaries or banks you. There's no intermediaries or banks you there's no intermediaries or banks you know taking a piece of each transaction. Know taking a piece of each transaction know taking a piece of each transaction along the way so there's a lot less. Along the way so there's a lot less along the way so there's a lot less friction and. Friction and friction and we're really envisioning blockchain as we're really envisioning blockchain as. We're really envisioning blockchain as enabling this this more connected more enabling this this more connected more. Enabling this this more connected more interoperable world the next thing so that was all about. The next thing so that was all about asset issuance getting value on to the asset issuance getting value on to the. Asset issuance getting value on to the Stellar network Stellar network Stellar network. I'm going to pause here for a second if I'm going to pause here for a second if I'm going to pause here for a second if. There's any other questions before we there's any other questions before we there's any other questions before we. Talk about holding and diversifying the talk about holding and diversifying the talk about holding and diversifying the. Value on Stellar any other questions all right all right holding and diversifying value on. Holding and diversifying value on holding and diversifying value on Stellar Stellar. Stellar you know you know you know anyone who has value on the network anyone who has value on the network. Anyone who has value on the network needs a place to keep track of it needs a place to keep track of it. Needs a place to keep track of it when you move money you're used to this. When you move money you're used to this when you move money you're used to this right when using a bank anytime you move. Right when using a bank anytime you move right when using a bank anytime you move. Money you move it into the bank then you money you move it into the bank then you. Money you move it into the bank then you take it out use it or spend it take it out use it or spend it. Take it out use it or spend it but but but accounts on Stellar work differently. Accounts on Stellar work differently accounts on Stellar work differently even though we call them accounts. Even though we call them accounts even though we call them accounts they really are just a marker in the. They really are just a marker in the they really are just a marker in the ledger that says what belongs to you so. Ledger that says what belongs to you so ledger that says what belongs to you so this is and I'm sure billy talked about. This is and I'm sure billy talked about this is and I'm sure billy talked about this too this is distributed ledger. This too this is distributed ledger this too this is distributed ledger technology so on the ledger it says you. Technology so on the ledger it says you technology so on the ledger it says you own. Own own this five dollars let's say this five this five dollars let's say this five. This five dollars let's say this five usdc belongs to jim it's in his wallet usdc belongs to jim it's in his wallet. Usdc belongs to jim it's in his wallet and everyone knows it's in his wallet and everyone knows it's in his wallet. And everyone knows it's in his wallet because it's on the shared ledger and because it's on the shared ledger and. Because it's on the shared ledger and then when he wants to spend it there's a then when he wants to spend it there's a. Then when he wants to spend it there's a transaction that sends it from his transaction that sends it from his. Transaction that sends it from his wallet to someone else's wallet wallet to someone else's wallet. Wallet to someone else's wallet and so as you might imagine these and so as you might imagine these. And so as you might imagine these digital wallets which which are digital wallets which which are. Digital wallets which which are different than a you know a cash wallet different than a you know a cash wallet. Different than a you know a cash wallet that you use that you use that you use you know unlike a physical wallet. you know unlike a physical wallet you know unlike a physical wallet they are they don't contain the money. They are they don't contain the money they are they don't contain the money they really are just. They really are just they really are just showing you a vision of you know a view. Showing you a vision of you know a view showing you a vision of you know a view of the ledger of where your money is . Of the ledger of where your money is of the ledger of where your money is noted in the ledger. Noted in the ledger noted in the ledger and so they don't really store assets and so they don't really store assets. And so they don't really store assets but they give you access and they give but they give you access and they give. But they give you access and they give you the ability to you the ability to you the ability to. to control it to control it to control it wallets also connect to anchors so when. Wallets also connect to anchors so when wallets also connect to anchors so when you do walk in with your cash or send a. You do walk in with your cash or send a you do walk in with your cash or send a send a bank transfer to an anchor to get. Send a bank transfer to an anchor to get send a bank transfer to an anchor to get. Those tokens you need to have a wallet those tokens you need to have a wallet those tokens you need to have a wallet. To land that value coming out of the to land that value coming out of the to land that value coming out of the. Anchor and tokens there are a lot of different wallets there are a lot of different wallets . Wallets have to be compatible with wallets have to be compatible with wallets have to be compatible with. The blockchains that those assets move the blockchains that those assets move the blockchains that those assets move. On on on so lobster is an example of a Stellar so lobster is an example of a Stellar. So lobster is an example of a Stellar compatible wallet and it gives users compatible wallet and it gives users. Compatible wallet and it gives users access to any asset on Stellar so access to any asset on Stellar so. Access to any asset on Stellar so whether you've tokenized a enlightenment whether you've tokenized a enlightenment. Whether you've tokenized a enlightenment card or a bar of gold or card or a bar of gold or. Card or a bar of gold or or 100 usdc on Stellar all of those are or 100 usdc on Stellar all of those are. Or 100 usdc on Stellar all of those are available to be seen in a with a lobster available to be seen in a with a lobster. Available to be seen in a with a lobster wallet and it has a mobile and a web wallet and it has a mobile and a web. Wallet and it has a mobile and a web version version version it's very clean design we really like. It's very clean design we really like it's very clean design we really like and recommend lobster. And recommend lobster and recommend lobster and it's also very kind of open-ended so. And it's also very kind of open-ended so and it's also very kind of open-ended so. It can be used for all these different it can be used for all these different it can be used for all these different. Kinds of assets kinds of assets kinds of assets    as we look at these fiat currencies and. As we look at these fiat currencies and as we look at these fiat currencies and the things that you can do with them. The things that you can do with them the things that you can do with them in your diversifying value. In your diversifying value in your diversifying value I really love this example of another. I really love this example of another I really love this example of another wallet that is that is purpose-built for. Wallet that is that is purpose-built for wallet that is that is purpose-built for. A very specific use case and this a very specific use case and this a very specific use case and this. Wallet is called leaf global wallet is called leaf global wallet is called leaf global. Leaf runs it can run on actually a leaf runs it can run on actually a leaf runs it can run on actually a. Like a low feature phone as well it's like a low feature phone as well it's. Like a low feature phone as well it's been deployed in kenya rwanda and uganda. Been deployed in kenya rwanda and uganda been deployed in kenya rwanda and uganda. Since for about a year september 2020 since for about a year september 2020. Since for about a year september 2020 and it and it and it enables people who don't have a bank. Enables people who don't have a bank enables people who don't have a bank account don't have an address and who. Account don't have an address and who account don't have an address and who. Are completely disconnected from the are completely disconnected from the are completely disconnected from the. Sort of traditional financial system to sort of traditional financial system to sort of traditional financial system to. Hold val hold spend and send value hold val hold spend and send value hold val hold spend and send value. Is really designed for refugees is really designed for refugees is really designed for refugees. cross-border traders and the cross-border traders and the cross-border traders and the. Financially marginalized people who for financially marginalized people who for financially marginalized people who for. Whatever reason cannot get a regular whatever reason cannot get a regular whatever reason cannot get a regular. Bank account bank account bank account and so it's really accessible and so it's really accessible . And so it's really accessible you know everything from the different you know everything from the different. You know everything from the different languages that it has the ways that it languages that it has the ways that it. Languages that it has the ways that it identifies people identifies people identifies people. you would be surprised how difficult it you would be surprised how difficult it. You would be surprised how difficult it is to pass these traditional what we is to pass these traditional what we. Is to pass these traditional what we call kyc know your customer checks in call kyc know your customer checks in. Call kyc know your customer checks in sort of ordinary financial services sort of ordinary financial services. Sort of ordinary financial services and so and so and so it's a it is a terrific help for. It's a it is a terrific help for it's a it is a terrific help for refugees because they also are very. Refugees because they also are very refugees because they also are very vulnerable to. Vulnerable to vulnerable to to robbery when they have to carry to robbery when they have to carry. to robbery when they have to carry cash it can be dangerous especially when cash it can be dangerous especially when. Cash it can be dangerous especially when crossing borders crossing borders crossing borders. So they really have a safety issue that so they really have a safety issue that so they really have a safety issue that. Is solved by the leaf wallet is solved by the leaf wallet is solved by the leaf wallet. And and it just it empowers them to and and it just it empowers them to and and it just it empowers them to. Hold and keep value when they need it hold and keep value when they need it hold and keep value when they need it. Most most most so once someone has a place to hold so once someone has a place to hold. So once someone has a place to hold value in their wallet then we can think value in their wallet then we can think. Value in their wallet then we can think about ways to diversify it there's d stock we talked about. There's d stock we talked about equitable access to various kinds of equitable access to various kinds of. Equitable access to various kinds of investments earning yield is something that has come. Earning yield is something that has come into the forefront with into the forefront with. Into the forefront with all different kinds of crypto but all different kinds of crypto but. All different kinds of crypto but in particular you can earn yield on in particular you can earn yield on. In particular you can earn yield on stable coins and so stable coins and so stable coins and so. Let's say for example I live in let's say for example I live in let's say for example I live in. Argentina argentina argentina or or or or venezuela or zimbabwe or other places. Or venezuela or zimbabwe or other places or venezuela or zimbabwe or other places. That have had severe problems with their that have had severe problems with their. That have had severe problems with their currencies with crypto like with a currencies with crypto like with a. Currencies with crypto like with a stable coin I can save in u.s dollars stable coin I can save in u.s dollars. Stable coin I can save in u.s dollars and I can also deposit that in and I can also deposit that in. And I can also deposit that in different kinds of wallets that are different kinds of wallets that are. different kinds of wallets that are in yield so it is such a wonderful hedge in yield so it is such a wonderful hedge. In yield so it is such a wonderful hedge against inflation especially I mean we against inflation especially I mean we. Against inflation especially I mean we see inflation here I think the see inflation here I think the. See inflation here I think the numbers that came out for october were numbers that came out for october were. Numbers that came out for october were over six percent I think we have right over six percent I think we have right. Over six percent I think we have right now in the us now in the us now in the us . 6.2 annualized inflation it's sky high 6.2 annualized inflation it's sky high. 6.2 annualized inflation it's sky high you know a gallon of milk cost about you know a gallon of milk cost about. you know a gallon of milk cost about a dollar in 1968 and today it's almost a dollar in 1968 and today it's almost. A dollar in 1968 and today it's almost four dollars so you can see the effects four dollars so you can see the effects. Four dollars so you can see the effects of inflation are dramatic of inflation are dramatic. Of inflation are dramatic if you don't have your money invested if if you don't have your money invested if. If you don't have your money invested if you're in those marginalized communities. You're in those marginalized communities you're in those marginalized communities. Where you're not able to where you're not able to where you're not able to invest. Invest invest then you are very vulnerable to then you are very vulnerable to then you are very vulnerable to. Inflation inflation inflation and so vibrant is a great example of in in vibrant is a great example of in in. Argentina argentina argentina and across latin america people can and across latin america people can. and across latin america people can save in u.s dollars and save in u.s dollars and. Save in u.s dollars and the banks they're maybe the very the banks they're maybe the very. the banks they're maybe the very wealthy can save in u.s dollars or keep wealthy can save in u.s dollars or keep. Wealthy can save in u.s dollars or keep value value value in us dollars but it's not available to. In us dollars but it's not available to in us dollars but it's not available to the average person and so vibrant is a. The average person and so vibrant is a the average person and so vibrant is a super useful app for people to keep. Super useful app for people to keep super useful app for people to keep value in us dollars and even earn on. Value in us dollars and even earn on value in us dollars and even earn on their balances it's a super easy. Their balances it's a super easy their balances it's a super easy platform to use and it's built on. Platform to use and it's built on platform to use and it's built on Stellar so finally we're going to talk about. So finally we're going to talk about sending and exchanging assets I'm really sending and exchanging assets I'm really. Sending and exchanging assets I'm really sorry for these jumpy slides sorry for these jumpy slides . Sorry for these jumpy slides sending and exchanging assets is one of sending and exchanging assets is one of. Sending and exchanging assets is one of the things that Stellar's is uniquely the things that Stellar's is uniquely. The things that Stellar's is uniquely suited to do suited to do suited to do because of the way it's structured and. Because of the way it's structured and because of the way it's structured and because it's an open and permissionless. Because it's an open and permissionless because it's an open and permissionless network there are lots of pathways. Network there are lots of pathways network there are lots of pathways how value can move. How value can move how value can move one of the most one of the most one of the most. Useful useful useful kinds of kinds of kinds of applications that we see is cross-border. Applications that we see is cross-border applications that we see is cross-border. Payments and remittances because you are payments and remittances because you are. Payments and remittances because you are able to send send fiat value once it's able to send send fiat value once it's. Able to send send fiat value once it's tokenized on Stellar and have it change tokenized on Stellar and have it change. Tokenized on Stellar and have it change along the way along the way along the way. Into another into another into another store value store value store value so these cross-currency transactions are. So these cross-currency transactions are so these cross-currency transactions are. Really really really very efficient on Stellar and part of very efficient on Stellar and part of. Very efficient on Stellar and part of that is due to what's called that is due to what's called. That is due to what's called a built-in dex so a built-in dex so a built-in dex so. a dex is a decentralized exchange a dex is a decentralized exchange a dex is a decentralized exchange. And what that means is that there's an and what that means is that there's an and what that means is that there's an. Order book order book order book similar to a stock exchange or other similar to a stock exchange or other. Similar to a stock exchange or other kinds of exchanges where kinds of exchanges where. Kinds of exchanges where assets can be traded for one another assets can be traded for one another. Assets can be traded for one another based on a bid and an ask price so based on a bid and an ask price so. Based on a bid and an ask price so this is this is this is just kind of a representation of a. just kind of a representation of a just kind of a representation of a typical order book on the decks we. Typical order book on the decks we typical order book on the decks we recently released another piece of. Recently released another piece of recently released another piece of technology called automated market. Technology called automated market technology called automated market makers which also allows assets to be. Makers which also allows assets to be makers which also allows assets to be changed on the fly and improves the. Changed on the fly and improves the changed on the fly and improves the efficiency of Stellar. Efficiency of Stellar efficiency of Stellar I think when I said you can send. I think when I said you can send I think when I said you can send currency in one. Currency in one currency in one send from one currency to another send from one currency to another. Send from one currency to another that that is kind of a unique thing that that is kind of a unique thing. that that is kind of a unique thing about Stellar and we do it with this about Stellar and we do it with this. About Stellar and we do it with this thing called a pass payment which can go thing called a pass payment which can go. Thing called a pass payment which can go through the decks or it can go through through the decks or it can go through. Through the decks or it can go through the amms the amms the amms the automated market makers and these. the automated market makers and these the automated market makers and these. Path payments work path payments work path payments work from so if you kind of look at this. from so if you kind of look at this from so if you kind of look at this map they start out. Map they start out map they start out they can start out in the philippine they can start out in the philippine. They can start out in the philippine peso peso peso change to us dollars to lumens or. Change to us dollars to lumens or change to us dollars to lumens or nigerian neighbors and and along the way. Nigerian neighbors and and along the way nigerian neighbors and and along the way. They can make many hops into different they can make many hops into different they can make many hops into different. Currencies as needed and land in the currencies as needed and land in the currencies as needed and land in the. Value of that the receiver wants value of that the receiver wants value of that the receiver wants. Both sides only get the currency that both sides only get the currency that both sides only get the currency that. They want to deal with sorry lucian's they want to deal with sorry lucian's they want to deal with sorry lucian's. Asleep so asleep so asleep so I think somebody went off mute I think somebody went off mute. I think somebody went off mute but this allows for a lot of flexibility but this allows for a lot of flexibility. But this allows for a lot of flexibility and different use cases on Stellar and different use cases on Stellar. And different use cases on Stellar so let's look at a cross-border payments so let's look at a cross-border payments. So let's look at a cross-border payments and remittances this is an enormous market. This is an enormous market 37 trillion in 2020 and 39 trillion by 37 trillion in 2020 and 39 trillion by. 37 trillion in 2020 and 39 trillion by 2026 is predicted 2026 is predicted 2026 is predicted. one of the real areas of friction is one of the real areas of friction is one of the real areas of friction is. As I was saying in emerging markets as I was saying in emerging markets as I was saying in emerging markets. Where cross-border payments and where cross-border payments and where cross-border payments and. Remittances can cost 10 percent so the remittances can cost 10 percent so the remittances can cost 10 percent so the. People who need the money the most are people who need the money the most are people who need the money the most are. Actually paying the highest fees for actually paying the highest fees for actually paying the highest fees for. These transactions these transactions these transactions and you know whether they are migrant. And you know whether they are migrant and you know whether they are migrant workers sending money home businesses. Workers sending money home businesses workers sending money home businesses paying remote staff. Paying remote staff paying remote staff suppliers getting paid by customers suppliers getting paid by customers. Suppliers getting paid by customers there's all this friction when there's all this friction when. There's all this friction when transacting between different currencies transacting between different currencies. Transacting between different currencies intermediaries all take a piece intermediaries all take a piece. Intermediaries all take a piece and and and you know starting with the payer's bank. You know starting with the payer's bank you know starting with the payer's bank and ending in the account of the. And ending in the account of the and ending in the account of the recipient is usually many steps each. Recipient is usually many steps each recipient is usually many steps each cost. Cost cost some money and time so it tends to be some money and time so it tends to be. Some money and time so it tends to be very slow very slow very slow because of globalization and our you. Because of globalization and our you because of globalization and our you know increasing tendency to do business. Know increasing tendency to do business know increasing tendency to do business across borders a lot of fintechs and. Across borders a lot of fintechs and across borders a lot of fintechs and large multinational companies are. Large multinational companies are large multinational companies are looking for new ways to do cross-border. Looking for new ways to do cross-border looking for new ways to do cross-border payments they're really pushing in this. Payments they're really pushing in this payments they're really pushing in this in this regard and b2b payments are a. In this regard and b2b payments are a in this regard and b2b payments are a. Strong use case on Stellar there's strong use case on Stellar there's strong use case on Stellar there's. There's a lot of this type of there's a lot of this type of there's a lot of this type of. Transactions on the Stellar network here's a look at kind of the existing here's a look at kind of the existing. Landscape for payments landscape for payments landscape for payments so if you're in europe you might use. so if you're in europe you might use so if you're in europe you might use the sepa inside of europe sepa. The sepa inside of europe sepa the sepa inside of europe sepa payments are really you know quick and. Payments are really you know quick and payments are really you know quick and efficient and cheap but once you want to. Efficient and cheap but once you want to efficient and cheap but once you want to. Try to send money overseas then you're try to send money overseas then you're try to send money overseas then you're. Riding on swift or some other you know riding on swift or some other you know riding on swift or some other you know. Some other some other some other rail if you're inside the us you rail if you're inside the us you. rail if you're inside the us you might use an ach which you know takes a might use an ach which you know takes a. Might use an ach which you know takes a few days but it's pretty dependable few days but it's pretty dependable. Few days but it's pretty dependable pretty cheap pretty cheap pretty cheap . The problem is that none of these the problem is that none of these the problem is that none of these. Payment payment payment kind of systems are interoperable so I kind of systems are interoperable so i. Kind of systems are interoperable so I can't send a step up payment to an ach can't send a step up payment to an ach. Can't send a step up payment to an ach recipient in another country recipient in another country. Recipient in another country and so you know in the 1970s they stood and so you know in the 1970s they stood. And so you know in the 1970s they stood up this up this up this system called swift. System called swift system called swift and it was it stands for the society and it was it stands for the society. And it was it stands for the society for worldwide interbank financial for worldwide interbank financial. For worldwide interbank financial telecommunications so it's kind of a telecommunications so it's kind of a. Telecommunications so it's kind of a mouthful but swift payments were mouthful but swift payments were. Mouthful but swift payments were established out of brussels with certain established out of brussels with certain. Established out of brussels with certain standards where all these member banks standards where all these member banks. Standards where all these member banks could send money to each other could send money to each other. Could send money to each other but swift was never really built frankly but swift was never really built frankly. But swift was never really built frankly for individuals it never never served for individuals it never never served. For individuals it never never served peer-to-peer very well it's pretty slow peer-to-peer very well it's pretty slow. Peer-to-peer very well it's pretty slow and it's a closed system so only and it's a closed system so only. and it's a closed system so only banks can participate you can't have banks can participate you can't have. Banks can participate you can't have a fintech just jump in and initiate a a fintech just jump in and initiate a. A fintech just jump in and initiate a swift payment they have to use a bank to swift payment they have to use a bank to. Swift payment they have to use a bank to do it so sending funds cross-border do it so sending funds cross-border. Do it so sending funds cross-border is usually super slow and is usually super slow and. Is usually super slow and incurs a lot of fees incurs a lot of fees incurs a lot of fees. So you know one way that companies so you know one way that companies so you know one way that companies. Deal with this is they just open bank deal with this is they just open bank deal with this is they just open bank. Accounts and all the geographies where accounts and all the geographies where accounts and all the geographies where. They do business which can work they do business which can work they do business which can work. Especially if it's just one or two especially if it's just one or two especially if it's just one or two. Geographies maybe and it's a very large geographies maybe and it's a very large geographies maybe and it's a very large. Company company company you can establish operations and get a you can establish operations and get a. You can establish operations and get a bank account wherever it is that you bank account wherever it is that you. Bank account wherever it is that you want to land value and then pre-fund want to land value and then pre-fund. Want to land value and then pre-fund your transactions in that geography but your transactions in that geography but. Your transactions in that geography but now you're holding capital in all these now you're holding capital in all these. Now you're holding capital in all these different markets different markets different markets. And and you're also exposing yourself and and you're also exposing yourself. And and you're also exposing yourself to forex to currency risk you know to forex to currency risk you know. To forex to currency risk you know between the currencies that you're between the currencies that you're. Between the currencies that you're holding so you know traditional holding so you know traditional. Holding so you know traditional you know cross-border payments for you know cross-border payments for. You know cross-border payments for businesses businesses businesses can be can be. can be pretty much a pain I will say pretty much a pain I will say pretty much a pain I will say. You know they they start with you know they they start with you know they they start with. This let's say a service provider issues this let's say a service provider issues. This let's say a service provider issues this invoice this invoice this invoice . and then the customer goes to pay them and then the customer goes to pay them. And then the customer goes to pay them so they wire their money to a so they wire their money to a. So they wire their money to a correspondent bank the correspondent correspondent bank the correspondent. Correspondent bank the correspondent bank receives the money sends it to the bank receives the money sends it to the. Bank receives the money sends it to the receiving bank you know so there's a lot receiving bank you know so there's a lot. Receiving bank you know so there's a lot of different steps and some of them of different steps and some of them. Of different steps and some of them are even manual so you have like actual are even manual so you have like actual. Are even manual so you have like actual paperwork and things that are seem paperwork and things that are seem. Paperwork and things that are seem archaic to us now archaic to us now archaic to us now. The typical time to settle a transaction the typical time to settle a transaction. The typical time to settle a transaction like this is two to five business days like this is two to five business days. Like this is two to five business days depending on the geography and this is depending on the geography and this is. Depending on the geography and this is counting on having developed pretty much counting on having developed pretty much. Counting on having developed pretty much developed countries on both funds developed countries on both funds. Developed countries on both funds fees can run fees can run fees can run anywhere to five or six percent. The way that Stellar manages the way that Stellar manages cross-border payments is a little. Cross-border payments is a little cross-border payments is a little different as you might imagine so still. Different as you might imagine so still different as you might imagine so still the service provider issues that invoice. The service provider issues that invoice the service provider issues that invoice. But instead the customer pays an anchor but instead the customer pays an anchor but instead the customer pays an anchor. In their home currency so in their home currency so in their home currency so the anchor is responsible for onboarding. The anchor is responsible for onboarding the anchor is responsible for onboarding. That value and sending it to an anchor that value and sending it to an anchor that value and sending it to an anchor. In the destination country in the destination country in the destination country and then. And then and then that anchor in the destination country that anchor in the destination country. That anchor in the destination country pays out the fiat value in the local pays out the fiat value in the local. Pays out the fiat value in the local currency to the receiving bank currency to the receiving bank. Currency to the receiving bank so here you have a frictionless so here you have a frictionless. So here you have a frictionless blockchain based pathway for payments blockchain based pathway for payments. Blockchain based pathway for payments with local partners to provide the on with local partners to provide the on. With local partners to provide the on and off ramps for fiat and the effect is and off ramps for fiat and the effect is. And off ramps for fiat and the effect is the same it's just a lot cheaper and a the same it's just a lot cheaper and a. The same it's just a lot cheaper and a lot faster lot faster lot faster still the service provider is paying and. Still the service provider is paying and still the service provider is paying and. The receiving bank is receiving the receiving bank is receiving the receiving bank is receiving. For for the supplier for for the supplier for for the supplier but but but there's no intermediary bank fees in all. There's no intermediary bank fees in all there's no intermediary bank fees in all. Of these steps of these steps of these steps and they're all dealing in their local. And they're all dealing in their local and they're all dealing in their local currencies as well. Currencies as well currencies as well so the so the so the this kind of replaces the process of the. This kind of replaces the process of the this kind of replaces the process of the. International wire and the currency international wire and the currency international wire and the currency. Conversion in a single pathway d transfer is an example of an app that d transfer is an example of an app that. Allows companies to do this and kind of allows companies to do this and kind of allows companies to do this and kind of. Shows the pathway along the way for b2b shows the pathway along the way for b2b shows the pathway along the way for b2b. Payments between currencies payments between currencies payments between currencies. Their fees are something like one-tenth their fees are something like one-tenth their fees are something like one-tenth. Of a traditional bank and so it's a of a traditional bank and so it's a of a traditional bank and so it's a. Pretty high utility it's connected to pretty high utility it's connected to. Pretty high utility it's connected to banking networks in europe the us banking networks in europe the us. Banking networks in europe the us mexico brazil tanzania mexico brazil tanzania mexico brazil tanzania. Expanding through europe asia africa and expanding through europe asia africa and. Expanding through europe asia africa and the americas now ClickPesa is ClickPesa is. Another example that another example that another example that deals with the intra-african the high. Deals with the intra-african the high deals with the intra-african the high fees inside africa so I think i. Fees inside africa so I think I fees inside africa so I think I mentioned a fee of 10. Mentioned a fee of 10 mentioned a fee of 10 in africa in africa in africa . Paying between countries in africa can paying between countries in africa can paying between countries in africa can. Be be be is definitely in the double digits it is definitely in the double digits it. Is definitely in the double digits it can be 15 fees 18 fees between can be 15 fees 18 fees between. Can be 15 fees 18 fees between african countries and so ClickPesa african countries and so ClickPesa. African countries and so ClickPesa gives companies that operate in africa gives companies that operate in africa. Gives companies that operate in africa the ability to accept payments online in the ability to accept payments online in. The ability to accept payments online in a b2b payment platform and provides the a b2b payment platform and provides the. A b2b payment platform and provides the on and off ramps for tanzanian and on and off ramps for tanzanian and. On and off ramps for tanzanian and kenyon banks finally remittances we're going to talk. Finally remittances we're going to talk about about about the remittance market which is. The remittance market which is the remittance market which is you know a very high impact area for. you know a very high impact area for you know a very high impact area for financial inclusion because many many. Financial inclusion because many many financial inclusion because many many. Countries in the world have a large countries in the world have a large countries in the world have a large. Percentage of their gdp coming in in percentage of their gdp coming in in percentage of their gdp coming in in. Remittances their families all over the remittances their families all over the remittances their families all over the. Globe that depend on remit says for to globe that depend on remit says for to globe that depend on remit says for to. Survive to live and each year about half survive to live and each year about half. Survive to live and each year about half a trillion dollars of value is a trillion dollars of value is. A trillion dollars of value is transferred cross-border through transferred cross-border through. Transferred cross-border through personal remittances personal remittances personal remittances. in most cases they're small they're you in most cases they're small they're you. In most cases they're small they're you know 200 to 500 know 200 to 500 know 200 to 500. And they average cost is somewhere and they average cost is somewhere and they average cost is somewhere. Around seven percent in in between around seven percent in in between around seven percent in in between. Developing economies like I was developing economies like I was developing economies like I was. Mentioning in africa they'll be over 10 mentioning in africa they'll be over 10 mentioning in africa they'll be over 10. Typically so you have traditional typically so you have traditional typically so you have traditional. Money transfer organizations but money transfer organizations but money transfer organizations but. They're not as efficient as they could they're not as efficient as they could they're not as efficient as they could. Be they're not as fast as they could be be they're not as fast as they could be be they're not as fast as they could be. And with you know the insertion of and with you know the insertion of and with you know the insertion of. Correspondent banks and kind of the correspondent banks and kind of the correspondent banks and kind of the. Older payment rails older payment rails older payment rails there's definitely a lot of. there's definitely a lot of there's definitely a lot of opportunities for improvement and so we. Opportunities for improvement and so we opportunities for improvement and so we really see this. Really see this really see this Stellar powered remittances as a huge Stellar powered remittances as a huge. Stellar powered remittances as a huge advantage advantage advantage these are just a couple tempo and arf. These are just a couple tempo and arf these are just a couple tempo and arf that enable remittances. That enable remittances that enable remittances tempo is located in paris and arf is. tempo is located in paris and arf is tempo is located in paris and arf is in istanbul and they enable remittances. In istanbul and they enable remittances in istanbul and they enable remittances to happen. To happen to happen in a much more seamless way across in a much more seamless way across. In a much more seamless way across europe europe europe and and and tempo has other pathways to to africa. Tempo has other pathways to to africa tempo has other pathways to to africa an additional location so it's really. An additional location so it's really an additional location so it's really pretty exciting to see these remittance. Pretty exciting to see these remittance pretty exciting to see these remittance use cases come to life. Use cases come to life use cases come to life finally I'm going to show you finally I'm going to show you. Finally I'm going to show you one of our most exciting developments at one of our most exciting developments at. One of our most exciting developments at Stellar is the use of moneygram so you Stellar is the use of moneygram so you. Stellar is the use of moneygram so you may be who's heard of moneygram curious may be who's heard of moneygram curious. May be who's heard of moneygram curious it's a it's a pretty large business but it's a it's a pretty large business but. It's a it's a pretty large business but they're they're they're primarily involved so here's a couple. Primarily involved so here's a couple primarily involved so here's a couple. People who have heard of the company people who have heard of the company people who have heard of the company. Moneygram so they are a so they are a money services business that allows money services business that allows. Money services business that allows people to send people to send people to send money around the globe typically person. Money around the globe typically person money around the globe typically person to person. To person to person and so what we've done with moneygram and so what we've done with moneygram. And so what we've done with moneygram in this recent partnership is connected in this recent partnership is connected. In this recent partnership is connected digital wallets to moneygrams so that digital wallets to moneygrams so that. Digital wallets to moneygrams so that people have a pathway for people have a pathway for. People have a pathway for cash in and cash out using the money cash in and cash out using the money. Cash in and cash out using the money gram physical locations and the value gram physical locations and the value. Gram physical locations and the value moves on Stellar moves on Stellar moves on Stellar. And what's really cool about this is you and what's really cool about this is you. And what's really cool about this is you have people who need to receive money in. Have people who need to receive money in have people who need to receive money in. Cash for example in latin america cash for example in latin america cash for example in latin america. Because that's how they primarily you because that's how they primarily you because that's how they primarily you. Know live and transact know live and transact know live and transact but they may not have a bank account. but they may not have a bank account but they may not have a bank account so they might not have a way to get the. So they might not have a way to get the so they might not have a way to get the cash out and so using these money. Cash out and so using these money cash out and so using these money transfer services we're able to leverage. Transfer services we're able to leverage transfer services we're able to leverage. Moneygrams retail locations along with moneygrams retail locations along with moneygrams retail locations along with. The efficiency and speed of the Stellar the efficiency and speed of the Stellar the efficiency and speed of the Stellar. Network to get remittances network to get remittances network to get remittances get cash in the hands of people. Get cash in the hands of people get cash in the hands of people much faster much faster. Much faster the partnership just started and so the partnership just started and so. The partnership just started and so there's going to be a pilot and i'll there's going to be a pilot and i'll. There's going to be a pilot and i'll actually i'll mention in case anka actually i'll mention in case anka. Actually i'll mention in case anka hasn't already hasn't already hasn't already. That we're going to be giving a demo that we're going to be giving a demo that we're going to be giving a demo. And a lot more information about this and a lot more information about this and a lot more information about this. Partnership at our conference called partnership at our conference called partnership at our conference called. Meridian which is completely free meridian which is completely free meridian which is completely free . It's november 17th and 18th next week so it's november 17th and 18th next week so. It's november 17th and 18th next week so if you're interested in Stellar if you're interested in Stellar. If you're interested in Stellar technology and you know we have debates technology and you know we have debates. Technology and you know we have debates and there's a lot of interesting stuff and there's a lot of interesting stuff. And there's a lot of interesting stuff feel free to register you're all feel free to register you're all. Feel free to register you're all invited to attend and and of course invited to attend and and of course. Invited to attend and and of course stay in touch and depending on your interests too if. And depending on your interests too if you have more technical interests or you have more technical interests or. You have more technical interests or more business oriented interests there more business oriented interests there. More business oriented interests there are kind of different tracks so are kind of different tracks so. Are kind of different tracks so there's two days there's two days there's two days. Of you know presentations and of you know presentations and of you know presentations and. Opportunities to interact with opportunities to interact with opportunities to interact with. With sdf with sdf with sdf we like to think of our we like to think of our. We like to think of our our ecosystem we call it an ecosystem our ecosystem we call it an ecosystem. Our ecosystem we call it an ecosystem right because there are companies right because there are companies. Right because there are companies sdf is really just here to support and sdf is really just here to support and. Sdf is really just here to support and foster the Stellar network but now there foster the Stellar network but now there. Foster the Stellar network but now there are all these companies all over the are all these companies all over the. Are all these companies all over the world that are plugged in world that are plugged in. World that are plugged in and we see this as an approach of and we see this as an approach of. And we see this as an approach of driving global financial inclusion driving global financial inclusion. Driving global financial inclusion rooted in global collaboration rooted in global collaboration. Rooted in global collaboration and so all of these companies whether and so all of these companies whether. And so all of these companies whether they are wallets exchanges they are wallets exchanges. They are wallets exchanges money transfer businesses payments money transfer businesses payments. Money transfer businesses payments businesses wallets they're all they're businesses wallets they're all they're. Businesses wallets they're all they're all participating in this ecosystem all participating in this ecosystem. All participating in this ecosystem and whether businesses focus on one use and whether businesses focus on one use. And whether businesses focus on one use case or they combine different use cases case or they combine different use cases. Case or they combine different use cases together together together to meet the needs of their target. To meet the needs of their target to meet the needs of their target customers there's just a lot of. Customers there's just a lot of customers there's just a lot of innovation going on on Stellar. Innovation going on on Stellar innovation going on on Stellar you know we're always getting new. You know we're always getting new you know we're always getting new features and that's why I encourage you. Features and that's why I encourage you features and that's why I encourage you to attend meridian and find out more. To attend meridian and find out more to attend meridian and find out more about it so these are just an example of. About it so these are just an example of about it so these are just an example of. Of some of the businesses that are part of some of the businesses that are part of some of the businesses that are part. Of the Stellar ecosystem today it's like watching a show it's like watching a show. There we go these companies are located all over the these companies are located all over the. World and so this this global ecosystem world and so this this global ecosystem world and so this this global ecosystem. Has evolved to serve a lot of different has evolved to serve a lot of different has evolved to serve a lot of different. Needs uncle do you want me to talk briefly uncle do you want me to talk briefly about . About about Stellar quest and the community fund or Stellar quest and the community fund or. Stellar quest and the community fund or do you want to talk about that since it do you want to talk about that since it. Do you want to talk about that since it is your area of expertise sure yeah let me let me let me . sure yeah let me let me let me do you want to put up the slide do you want to put up the slide. Do you want to put up the slide sure I'm glad too so this is totally cool go ahead. So this is totally cool go ahead yeah sure thing so yeah so Stellar yeah sure thing so yeah so Stellar. Yeah sure thing so yeah so Stellar quest telequest is a fun way and quest telequest is a fun way and. Quest telequest is a fun way and gamified way to learn tech of Stellar gamified way to learn tech of Stellar. Gamified way to learn tech of Stellar so currently like if you sign up so currently like if you sign up . so currently like if you sign up you can you can you can go through practice challenges that. Go through practice challenges that go through practice challenges that makes it easy to kind of learn the tech. Makes it easy to kind of learn the tech makes it easy to kind of learn the tech of Stellar and you don't need to know. Of Stellar and you don't need to know of Stellar and you don't need to know how to code so. How to code so how to code so while doing it while completing these while doing it while completing these. While doing it while completing these fun quests you can earn rad fun quests you can earn rad. Fun quests you can earn rad like collect red nfts and also during like collect red nfts and also during. Like collect red nfts and also during live series you can collect earn live series you can collect earn. Live series you can collect earn excellent excellent excellent so it's actually very fun next slime. So it's actually very fun next slime so it's actually very fun next slime is the native currency of Stellar . Is the native currency of Stellar is the native currency of Stellar I definitely. I definitely I definitely recommend anyone who is like watching recommend anyone who is like watching. Recommend anyone who is like watching this to go to quest.org this to go to quest.org. This to go to quest.org at least go through the first year at least go through the first year. At least go through the first year seriously how you feel because then you seriously how you feel because then you. Seriously how you feel because then you get really like oh this is how ledger get really like oh this is how ledger. Get really like oh this is how ledger works and you'll actually work with works and you'll actually work with. Works and you'll actually work with tools tools tools that we call the laboratory where you. That we call the laboratory where you that we call the laboratory where you can submit transactions directly to. Can submit transactions directly to can submit transactions directly to the blockchain so yeah very exciting and. The blockchain so yeah very exciting and the blockchain so yeah very exciting and. Then you get a good feel of how things then you get a good feel of how things then you get a good feel of how things. Are looking are looking are looking yeah so I guess we can go to the yeah so I guess we can go to the. yeah so I guess we can go to the seller community fund as well seller community fund as well. Seller community fund as well yes I will eventually turn this slide yes I will eventually turn this slide. Yes I will eventually turn this slide sorry about that sorry about that sorry about that. Yeah so you know if you do enjoy like yeah so you know if you do enjoy like yeah so you know if you do enjoy like. Building on Stellar and I think like you building on Stellar and I think like you. Building on Stellar and I think like you know jim also mentioned having some kind. Know jim also mentioned having some kind know jim also mentioned having some kind. Of hackathon at some point I think of hackathon at some point I think of hackathon at some point I think . You should definitely check out you should definitely check out you should definitely check out. Communityfun.seller.org it's an open communityfun.seller.org it's an open communityfun.seller.org it's an open. Application grant program for application grant program for application grant program for. Stellar-based projects Stellar-based projects Stellar-based projects really to like you can build and grow. Really to like you can build and grow really to like you can build and grow your project and then submit it to the. Your project and then submit it to the your project and then submit it to the scf and then we also have a really. Scf and then we also have a really scf and then we also have a really vibrant discord community where you can. Vibrant discord community where you can vibrant discord community where you can go in and also check out all the other. Go in and also check out all the other go in and also check out all the other projects currently like our. Projects currently like our projects currently like our submission deadline is november 21st. Submission deadline is november 21st submission deadline is november 21st which is obviously coming up but . Which is obviously coming up but which is obviously coming up but definitely after about I think like. Definitely after about I think like definitely after about I think like november 24th you can check out this. November 24th you can check out this november 24th you can check out this rounds selects and yeah check out. Rounds selects and yeah check out rounds selects and yeah check out what people are all building so. What people are all building so what people are all building so community fun is really cool because the. Community fun is really cool because the community fun is really cool because the. Community itself votes on which projects community itself votes on which projects. Community itself votes on which projects they like best and so while stf like we they like best and so while stf like we. They like best and so while stf like we provide the funds the communicate provide the funds the communicate. Provide the funds the communicate community allocates it so it's a really community allocates it so it's a really. Community allocates it so it's a really investing in the community's vision investing in the community's vision. Investing in the community's vision that was it for me thanks so much that was it for me thanks so much. that was it for me thanks so much thanks thanks thanks thank you so much anka thank you so much anka. Thank you so much anka so `stellar.org` is really the place to so `stellar.org` is really the place to. so `stellar.org` is really the place to learn all about everything that's going learn all about everything that's going. Learn all about everything that's going on at Stellar from news to developer on at Stellar from news to developer. On at Stellar from news to developer relations there's a pretty large relations there's a pretty large. Relations there's a pretty large knowledge base there that talks about knowledge base there that talks about. Knowledge base there that talks about all these different use cases there's all these different use cases there's. All these different use cases there's cool videos all kinds of things so yeah cool videos all kinds of things so yeah. Cool videos all kinds of things so yeah I invite you to access `stellar.org` I invite you to access `stellar.org`. I invite you to access `stellar.org` anytime anytime anytime and learn more about Stellar's open. And learn more about Stellar's open and learn more about Stellar's open network for storing and moving money.
