Okay so we're live streaming it right okay so we're live streaming it right now now. Now all right we are live all right we are live all right we are live so welcome to today's panel my name is. So welcome to today's panel my name is so welcome to today's panel my name is ankur liu I'm a program manager at the. Ankur liu I'm a program manager at the ankur liu I'm a program manager at the Stellar development foundation or sdf. Stellar development foundation or sdf Stellar development foundation or sdf for short. For short for short sdf just quickly about sdf sdf is a sdf just quickly about sdf sdf is a. sdf just quickly about sdf sdf is a non-profit organization founded in 2014 non-profit organization founded in 2014. Non-profit organization founded in 2014 to support the development and growth of to support the development and growth of. To support the development and growth of the open source Stellar network and so the open source Stellar network and so. The open source Stellar network and so before we begin a little context so before we begin a little context so. Before we begin a little context so Stellar was founded in 2014 after Stellar was founded in 2014 after. Stellar was founded in 2014 after bitcoin before ethereum and handles bitcoin before ethereum and handles. Bitcoin before ethereum and handles millions of transactions each day millions of transactions each day. Millions of transactions each day submitted by businesses banks submitted by businesses banks. Submitted by businesses banks governments and developers governments and developers. Governments and developers all over the world to build innovative all over the world to build innovative. All over the world to build innovative financial products and services and financial products and services and. Financial products and services and Stellar uses an energy efficient Stellar uses an energy efficient . Stellar uses an energy efficient syncing mechanism specifically designed syncing mechanism specifically designed. Syncing mechanism specifically designed for remittances and payments so for remittances and payments so. For remittances and payments so transactions are processed within transactions are processed within. Transactions are processed within seconds and cost way less than a penny seconds and cost way less than a penny. Seconds and cost way less than a penny so what can you actually do with Stellar so what can you actually do with Stellar. So what can you actually do with Stellar so on Stellar you can issue your own so on Stellar you can issue your own. So on Stellar you can issue your own assets as tokens on the network think assets as tokens on the network think. Assets as tokens on the network think stable coins such as usdc stable coins such as usdc. Stable coins such as usdc cryptocurrencies real estates and nfts cryptocurrencies real estates and nfts. Cryptocurrencies real estates and nfts practically anything practically anything practically anything. Then you can also trade these tokens then you can also trade these tokens then you can also trade these tokens. Peer-to-peer through a built-in peer-to-peer through a built-in peer-to-peer through a built-in. Decentralized exchange or automated mark decentralized exchange or automated mark. Decentralized exchange or automated mark maker functionality maker functionality maker functionality. And you can also transform currency as and you can also transform currency as and you can also transform currency as. You send it which is a powerful feature you send it which is a powerful feature you send it which is a powerful feature. To streamline cross-border payments but to streamline cross-border payments but to streamline cross-border payments but. Let's get back to why you are all here let's get back to why you are all here let's get back to why you are all here. Today today today we have launched a blockchain we have launched a blockchain. we have launched a blockchain bootcamp in partnership with dfs lab to bootcamp in partnership with dfs lab to. Bootcamp in partnership with dfs lab to support the boom of blockchain crypto support the boom of blockchain crypto. Support the boom of blockchain crypto activities across the african continent activities across the african continent. Activities across the african continent this was in fall 2021 and each content this was in fall 2021 and each content. This was in fall 2021 and each content each company spent a week at our virtual each company spent a week at our virtual. Each company spent a week at our virtual boot camp going through boot camp going through. Boot camp going through the design sprint process with the the design sprint process with the. The design sprint process with the guidance of a mentor and also access to guidance of a mentor and also access to. Guidance of a mentor and also access to technical support from the Stellar technical support from the Stellar. Technical support from the Stellar development seller developers and at development seller developers and at. Development seller developers and at the end of the week everyone came the end of the week everyone came. The end of the week everyone came together for a virtual demo day with together for a virtual demo day with. Together for a virtual demo day with select investors invited to join the select investors invited to join the. Select investors invited to join the audience we have we have like in total like. We have we have like in total like nine companies were selected and went nine companies were selected and went. Nine companies were selected and went through the boot camp and we were through the boot camp and we were. Through the boot camp and we were definitely not disappointed with the definitely not disappointed with the. Definitely not disappointed with the results they participated they built results they participated they built. Results they participated they built a proof of concept they a proof of concept they . A proof of concept they demoed at the demo day and or each demoed at the demo day and or each. Demoed at the demo day and or each earned an award valued at either five or earned an award valued at either five or. Earned an award valued at either five or fifteen thousand dollars depending on fifteen thousand dollars depending on. Fifteen thousand dollars depending on the depth of their solution the depth of their solution. The depth of their solution so I'm very excited for today because so I'm very excited for today because. So I'm very excited for today because we have five of those nine companies we have five of those nine companies. We have five of those nine companies joining me joining me joining me to discuss their experience to discuss. To discuss their experience to discuss to discuss their experience to discuss their growth and also some tips and. Their growth and also some tips and their growth and also some tips and tricks for future blockchain particip. Tricks for future blockchain particip tricks for future blockchain particip bootcamp participants. Bootcamp participants bootcamp participants so without further ado I wanted to start. So without further ado I wanted to start so without further ado I wanted to start. Some introductions starting with some introductions starting with some introductions starting with. Open hi thanks ankit for introducing me hi thanks ankit for introducing me and hello everyone my name is ope and. And hello everyone my name is ope and and hello everyone my name is ope and. ceo and co-founder of bonafide I'm gonna ceo and co-founder of bonafide I'm gonna. Ceo and co-founder of bonafide I'm gonna find stemmed out of another product find stemmed out of another product. Find stemmed out of another product called money me and I would give called money me and I would give. Called money me and I would give most of that credit to the sdf most of that credit to the sdf . Most of that credit to the sdf bootcamp and that we had nice to meet bootcamp and that we had nice to meet. Bootcamp and that we had nice to meet you higgins you higgins you higgins awesome well that's great to hear . Awesome well that's great to hear awesome well that's great to hear great so next up is ben from stacks. Great so next up is ben from stacks great so next up is ben from stacks hey everyone I'm ben I'm the ceo of. Hey everyone I'm ben I'm the ceo of hey everyone I'm ben I'm the ceo of stacks and stacks is a universal. Stacks and stacks is a universal stacks and stacks is a universal payment app for africa. Payment app for africa payment app for africa where what we've done is given you one. Where what we've done is given you one where what we've done is given you one app where you can link all of your bank. App where you can link all of your bank app where you can link all of your bank accounts and mobile wallets. Accounts and mobile wallets accounts and mobile wallets to a single interface where you can then. To a single interface where you can then to a single interface where you can then. Transact without a data connection transact without a data connection transact without a data connection. That's really our big kind of unique that's really our big kind of unique that's really our big kind of unique. Selling point is that it works offline selling point is that it works offline selling point is that it works offline. And then what we're doing with Stellar and then what we're doing with Stellar and then what we're doing with Stellar. Is adding support for crypto where is adding support for crypto where is adding support for crypto where. We'll have a self self-custody we'll have a self self-custody we'll have a self self-custody. Multi-token kind of strategy so think multi-token kind of strategy so think multi-token kind of strategy so think. Like metamask but built for africa like metamask but built for africa like metamask but built for africa. Alongside your fiat and integrated with alongside your fiat and integrated with alongside your fiat and integrated with. Your fiat accounts i'll stop there your fiat accounts i'll stop there your fiat accounts i'll stop there. Awesome thank you for introducing awesome thank you for introducing awesome thank you for introducing. Yourself yourself yourself then then then phone bank christian and michael. Phone bank christian and michael phone bank christian and michael hey everyone and I'm chris duffis I'm. Hey everyone and I'm chris duffis I'm hey everyone and I'm chris duffis I'm the founder of phone bank and we offer a. The founder of phone bank and we offer a the founder of phone bank and we offer a. Unique on-ramp where we bridge the unique on-ramp where we bridge the unique on-ramp where we bridge the. Less than one percent of the world less than one percent of the world less than one percent of the world. Population within nearly 100 of the population within nearly 100 of the population within nearly 100 of the. World population that have world population that have world population that have access to a mobile. Access to a mobile access to a mobile phone phone phone and we and we and we. Really enjoyed our really enjoyed our really enjoyed our experience at the dfs boot camp and and. Experience at the dfs boot camp and and experience at the dfs boot camp and and the Stellar product we think it has. The Stellar product we think it has the Stellar product we think it has a great applicability to reducing. A great applicability to reducing a great applicability to reducing friction as in our marketplace. Awesome well thank you for introducing awesome well thank you for introducing . and then honeycoin david and dominic hey everyone I'm super excited to be hey everyone I'm super excited to be. Here I'm david nander founder and ceo of here I'm david nander founder and ceo of. Here I'm david nander founder and ceo of honeycoin I always say I found it to honeycoin I always say I found it to. Honeycoin I always say I found it to describe us it's sort of like if describe us it's sort of like if. Describe us it's sort of like if coinbase and patreon had a baby and coinbase and patreon had a baby and. Coinbase and patreon had a baby and that's maybe africa that's maybe africa that's maybe africa. So yeah we're standardized monetization so yeah we're standardized monetization so yeah we're standardized monetization. Platform for both creators and consumers platform for both creators and consumers. Platform for both creators and consumers and basically we exist to make the and basically we exist to make the. and basically we exist to make the payments for goods and services to payments for goods and services to. payments for goods and services to creators and the transfer value across creators and the transfer value across. Creators and the transfer value across ecosystems easy and frictionless thank ecosystems easy and frictionless thank. Ecosystems easy and frictionless thank you you you thank you for introducing yourself and. Thank you for introducing yourself and thank you for introducing yourself and company. Company company cuidro funto please introduce cuidro funto please introduce. cuidro funto please introduce yourself yourself yourself sure thanks nk sure thanks nk . Sure thanks nk credo is an online platform factoring credo is an online platform factoring. Credo is an online platform factoring platform actually I should first of all platform actually I should first of all. Platform actually I should first of all introduce myself so olofontoboroffice introduce myself so olofontoboroffice. Introduce myself so olofontoboroffice co-founder of creature which is an co-founder of creature which is an. Co-founder of creature which is an online factory platform where online factory platform where. Online factory platform where transactions are streamlined transactions are streamlined. Transactions are streamlined and our smes on the african and our smes on the african. and our smes on the african continents can get paid within 72 hours continents can get paid within 72 hours. Continents can get paid within 72 hours by selling their invoices to get fast by selling their invoices to get fast. By selling their invoices to get fast fast cash at favorable rates and we had fast cash at favorable rates and we had. Fast cash at favorable rates and we had a great time at the a great time at the a great time at the. at the boot camp where we where we're at the boot camp where we where we're. at the boot camp where we where we're seeing the use of Stellar for our seeing the use of Stellar for our. Seeing the use of Stellar for our product is the fact that we're product is the fact that we're. Product is the fact that we're looking for investors we're going to be looking for investors we're going to be. Looking for investors we're going to be looking for investors to invest in looking for investors to invest in. Looking for investors to invest in buying some of these invoices and we're buying some of these invoices and we're. Buying some of these invoices and we're going to be looking at using them for going to be looking at using them for. Going to be looking at using them for cross-border payments as we sort of cross-border payments as we sort of. Cross-border payments as we sort of look at transforming currency and look at transforming currency and. Look at transforming currency and peer-to-peer so thank you for having me peer-to-peer so thank you for having me. Peer-to-peer so thank you for having me I'm excited to be here I'm excited to be here. I'm excited to be here awesome yeah we're excited to have you awesome yeah we're excited to have you. Awesome yeah we're excited to have you as well as well as well last stop last but not least at dfs. last stop last but not least at dfs last stop last but not least at dfs lab joseph. Lab joseph lab joseph yeah hi everyone joseph from yeah hi everyone joseph from. Yeah hi everyone joseph from dearcuslav here so the fs lab is an dearcuslav here so the fs lab is an. Dearcuslav here so the fs lab is an early stage venture capital firm where early stage venture capital firm where. Early stage venture capital firm where we invest in digital commerce companies we invest in digital commerce companies. We invest in digital commerce companies on the continents on the continents on the continents. Very early pre-seed and seed stage very early pre-seed and seed stage very early pre-seed and seed stage . And we also you know work with and we also you know work with and we also you know work with. institutions like the Stellar foundation institutions like the Stellar foundation. Institutions like the Stellar foundation to kind of onboard companies to kind of onboard companies . To kind of onboard companies to like play around with innovative to like play around with innovative. To like play around with innovative technologies like Stellar yeah excited technologies like Stellar yeah excited. Technologies like Stellar yeah excited to be here to be here to be here thank you yeah we're so excited to have. Thank you yeah we're so excited to have thank you yeah we're so excited to have you and to and thank you all to the. You and to and thank you all to the you and to and thank you all to the participants for introducing yourself. Participants for introducing yourself participants for introducing yourself and your companies even like just. And your companies even like just and your companies even like just rehearing what you're building on is is. Rehearing what you're building on is is rehearing what you're building on is is just like it's really great to hear. Just like it's really great to hear just like it's really great to hear and I'm like also like the way you are. And I'm like also like the way you are and I'm like also like the way you are growing and the way you are in really. Growing and the way you are in really growing and the way you are in really innovating in the space is is is. Innovating in the space is is is innovating in the space is is is magnificent so I guess I know all of. Magnificent so I guess I know all of magnificent so I guess I know all of that but the participants don't know yet. That but the participants don't know yet that but the participants don't know yet. So you know right now I'm going to start so you know right now I'm going to start. So you know right now I'm going to start stop sharing my screen and I'm going stop sharing my screen and I'm going. stop sharing my screen and I'm going to go into the discussion to go into the discussion. To go into the discussion and for all these though you watching and for all these though you watching. And for all these though you watching in the zoom there will also be in the zoom there will also be. In the zoom there will also be you can also ask questions and I will you can also ask questions and I will. You can also ask questions and I will see if there's some time to answer see if there's some time to answer. See if there's some time to answer but but but without further ado let's let's head. Without further ado let's let's head without further ado let's let's head into the discussion so. Into the discussion so into the discussion so I will start with with stacks with. I will start with with stacks with I will start with with stacks with ben ben. Ben can you quickly talk us through your can you quickly talk us through your can you quickly talk us through your. Solution that you've prototyped during solution that you've prototyped during solution that you've prototyped during. The previous boot camp yeah so in the last boot camp we came in yeah so in the last boot camp we came in. Really with just the question of of how really with just the question of of how really with just the question of of how. Do we step our foot for or just get our do we step our foot for or just get our do we step our foot for or just get our. Toe into crypto toe into crypto toe into crypto we knew that we wanted to do something. We knew that we wanted to do something we knew that we wanted to do something with usdc and what we what we ended. With usdc and what we what we ended with usdc and what we what we ended up building in the bootcamp was a. Up building in the bootcamp was a up building in the bootcamp was a prototype of showing the ability to. Prototype of showing the ability to prototype of showing the ability to create a usdc wallet self-custody wallet. Create a usdc wallet self-custody wallet create a usdc wallet self-custody wallet. And to send money over usdc in stacks and to send money over usdc in stacks and to send money over usdc in stacks. Without using a mobile data connection without using a mobile data connection without using a mobile data connection. And so what's kind of novel there and so what's kind of novel there and so what's kind of novel there. Is that we our core technology has this is that we our core technology has this is that we our core technology has this. Ability to automate ussd so just for ability to automate ussd so just for ability to automate ussd so just for. Our our friends on the west who might our our friends on the west who might our our friends on the west who might. Not know what that is not know what that is not know what that is it's this legacy gsm channel it's. It's this legacy gsm channel it's it's this legacy gsm channel it's ubiquitous across africa and asia. Ubiquitous across africa and asia ubiquitous across africa and asia and it basically is using part of the. And it basically is using part of the and it basically is using part of the voice channel to to transmit data and so. Voice channel to to transmit data and so voice channel to to transmit data and so. What we've done is we've used that what we've done is we've used that what we've done is we've used that. Technology in an app technology in an app technology in an app to make services work offline and even. To make services work offline and even to make services work offline and even though you're you're actually having a. Though you're you're actually having a though you're you're actually having a synchronous connection with the server. Synchronous connection with the server synchronous connection with the server we've done that with over 100 bank. we've done that with over 100 bank we've done that with over 100 bank and mobile money services today and 10. And mobile money services today and 10 and mobile money services today and 10 african markets but we wanted to start. African markets but we wanted to start african markets but we wanted to start offering crypto services as well and. Offering crypto services as well and offering crypto services as well and give our users basically a us dollar. Give our users basically a us dollar give our users basically a us dollar account and so that's where Stellar. Account and so that's where Stellar account and so that's where Stellar and usdc came in. And usdc came in and usdc came in and so what we demonstrated was just and so what we demonstrated was just . And so what we demonstrated was just turning off so at the end of the turning off so at the end of the. Turning off so at the end of the bootcamp you turned off mobile data on bootcamp you turned off mobile data on. Bootcamp you turned off mobile data on your phone open stacks created a usdc your phone open stacks created a usdc. Your phone open stacks created a usdc wallet and sent usdc to another USDC wallet and sent usdc to another USDC. Wallet and sent usdc to another USDC address all with mobile data entirely address all with mobile data entirely. Address all with mobile data entirely disabled wow that's that's really impressive i. Wow that's that's really impressive I think like think like think like like this is one of the key key like. Like this is one of the key key like like this is one of the key key like issues also like having being able to. Issues also like having being able to issues also like having being able to. Provide offline services is really key provide offline services is really key provide offline services is really key. Especially in regions where especially in regions where especially in regions where. Infrastructure is lacking so infrastructure is lacking so infrastructure is lacking so. definitely so you know definitely so you know definitely so you know. Can you tell us a bit about you know can you tell us a bit about you know can you tell us a bit about you know. Your plans for launch and also a little your plans for launch and also a little your plans for launch and also a little. Bit so I saw that you've recently bit so I saw that you've recently bit so I saw that you've recently. Published that you've acquired 2.2 published that you've acquired 2.2 published that you've acquired 2.2. Million dollars in seed funding which is million dollars in seed funding which is. Million dollars in seed funding which is amazing amazing amazing congratulations yeah. congratulations yeah congratulations yeah honestly congratulations and like kind. Honestly congratulations and like kind honestly congratulations and like kind of like how has your company grown so. Of like how has your company grown so of like how has your company grown so like kind of what are your plans for. Like kind of what are your plans for like kind of what are your plans for launch and what is that what is what. Launch and what is that what is what launch and what is that what is what does growth look like already. Does growth look like already does growth look like already yeah so we're getting ready for a big. Yeah so we're getting ready for a big yeah so we're getting ready for a big push so come april that's when we. Push so come april that's when we push so come april that's when we plan to actually implement the the. Plan to actually implement the the plan to actually implement the the proof of concept we built in the lab or. Proof of concept we built in the lab or proof of concept we built in the lab or in the boot camp and so april we. In the boot camp and so april we in the boot camp and so april we intend to push that live and really. Intend to push that live and really intend to push that live and really start marketing from may at least in. Start marketing from may at least in start marketing from may at least in kenya and a few other markets we're. Kenya and a few other markets we're kenya and a few other markets we're still figuring out which markets to. Still figuring out which markets to still figuring out which markets to start with but from may you'll see. Start with but from may you'll see start with but from may you'll see that stax users pretty much anywhere on. That stax users pretty much anywhere on that stax users pretty much anywhere on the continent will be able to create. The continent will be able to create the continent will be able to create that usdc account and and send money. That usdc account and and send money that usdc account and and send money and receive money without data where. And receive money without data where and receive money without data where we want this to go is really kind of. We want this to go is really kind of we want this to go is really kind of like a metamask for africa kind of built. Like a metamask for africa kind of built like a metamask for africa kind of built. For africa play and the idea there is for africa play and the idea there is for africa play and the idea there is. Self-custody so you have your crypto you self-custody so you have your crypto you. Self-custody so you have your crypto you have your keys we don't touch any of have your keys we don't touch any of. Have your keys we don't touch any of that and then the goal is that that and then the goal is that. That and then the goal is that you'll be able to you'll be able to you'll be able to. Buy sell buy sell buy sell you know swap hold all of your tokens you know swap hold all of your tokens. You know swap hold all of your tokens you can take them from stacks if you you can take them from stacks if you. You can take them from stacks if you want to any other web3 service because want to any other web3 service because. Want to any other web3 service because you've got your keys you've got your keys you've got your keys. But the goal is that you can do that all but the goal is that you can do that all. But the goal is that you can do that all in stacks right alongside your bank in stacks right alongside your bank. In stacks right alongside your bank accounts and your multiple wallets and accounts and your multiple wallets and. Accounts and your multiple wallets and so then the big lift for us over time is so then the big lift for us over time is. So then the big lift for us over time is going to be how we stitch those things going to be how we stitch those things. Going to be how we stitch those things together so that you can have a seamless together so that you can have a seamless. Together so that you can have a seamless kind of fiat crypto crypto to fiat kind of fiat crypto crypto to fiat. Kind of fiat crypto crypto to fiat experience whatever token you have experience whatever token you have. Experience whatever token you have whatever fiat accounts you have so whatever fiat accounts you have so . Whatever fiat accounts you have so technically us launching that's going to technically us launching that's going to. Technically us launching that's going to be very quick from me but where the hard. Be very quick from me but where the hard be very quick from me but where the hard. Work is is going to be in stitching work is is going to be in stitching work is is going to be in stitching. Everything together you know based on everything together you know based on everything together you know based on. Stellar anchor here or hack there or Stellar anchor here or hack there or Stellar anchor here or hack there or. Whatever so that's really our plan whatever so that's really our plan whatever so that's really our plan. Great yes and then you know I think great yes and then you know I think great yes and then you know I think. That's really exciting and then also that's really exciting and then also that's really exciting and then also. Like having acquired the 2.2 million like having acquired the 2.2 million like having acquired the 2.2 million. Dollars in seat funding do you want to dollars in seat funding do you want to dollars in seat funding do you want to. give a few more details about that give a few more details about that. give a few more details about that and how that came to be and how that came to be. And how that came to be yeah shout out to nomis ventures to yeah shout out to nomis ventures to. Yeah shout out to nomis ventures to world within ventures launch africa world within ventures launch africa. World within ventures launch africa ventures orange down some others that ventures orange down some others that. Ventures orange down some others that participated participated participated . It was really useful actually coming it was really useful actually coming it was really useful actually coming. Out of the boot camp to just show that out of the boot camp to just show that out of the boot camp to just show that. We were we were serious about our our we were we were serious about our our we were we were serious about our our. Ambitions to get into crypto and that we ambitions to get into crypto and that we. Ambitions to get into crypto and that we had kind of we were able to had kind of we were able to. Had kind of we were able to get a kind of trust mark or a seal of get a kind of trust mark or a seal of. Get a kind of trust mark or a seal of approval from the community and so approval from the community and so. Approval from the community and so that actually really helped us raise that actually really helped us raise. That actually really helped us raise money and and actually got us in front money and and actually got us in front. Money and and actually got us in front of investors we hadn't spoken with of investors we hadn't spoken with. Of investors we hadn't spoken with before so if you've everyone here has before so if you've everyone here has. Before so if you've everyone here has been fundraising too often I'm sure but been fundraising too often I'm sure but. Been fundraising too often I'm sure but like when you're pitching traditional like when you're pitching traditional. Like when you're pitching traditional vcs that's one kind of segment or slice vcs that's one kind of segment or slice. Vcs that's one kind of segment or slice of the pie and then when you start of the pie and then when you start. Of the pie and then when you start pitching crypto that's a whole other big pitching crypto that's a whole other big. Pitching crypto that's a whole other big slice of pie that wasn't available so. Slice of pie that wasn't available so slice of pie that wasn't available so. That's been super helpful to us that's been super helpful to us that's been super helpful to us. Awesome well congratulations and I think awesome well congratulations and I think. Awesome well congratulations and I think like another big player here that has. Like another big player here that has like another big player here that has. Like received has like received has like received has started quite a lot of seat funding is. Started quite a lot of seat funding is started quite a lot of seat funding is phone bank so chris and michael i. Phone bank so chris and michael I phone bank so chris and michael I would love to bring you to the stage and. Would love to bring you to the stage and would love to bring you to the stage and. And kind of like wanting to hear a bit and kind of like wanting to hear a bit and kind of like wanting to hear a bit. More like how what was that what was more like how what was that what was more like how what was that what was. That like like the the boot camp what that like like the the boot camp what that like like the the boot camp what. Impact did that have and how have you impact did that have and how have you impact did that have and how have you. Seen phone bank growth since then seen phone bank growth since then seen phone bank growth since then. So I might start out at that michael so I might start out at that michael so I might start out at that michael. And I we actually met through this boot and I we actually met through this boot and I we actually met through this boot. Camp he was our our mentor camp he was our our mentor camp he was our our mentor and. And and provided some very sage guidance for provided some very sage guidance for. provided some very sage guidance for us and obviously it led to us us and obviously it led to us . Us and obviously it led to us being one of the the finalists being one of the the finalists. Being one of the the finalists and I and I think in many respects has and I and I think in many respects has. And I and I think in many respects has led us to dr drive led us to dr drive. Led us to dr drive hone our product market focus a lot more hone our product market focus a lot more. Hone our product market focus a lot more which catalyzed in a 3.5 million which catalyzed in a 3.5 million. which catalyzed in a 3.5 million dollar seed finance thing among dollar seed finance thing among . Dollar seed finance thing among from leading crypto and venture from leading crypto and venture. From leading crypto and venture investors investors investors so I thought the the the camp was. so I thought the the the camp was so I thought the the the camp was really great for us and we actually. Really great for us and we actually really great for us and we actually in addition to the proceeds from. in addition to the proceeds from in addition to the proceeds from the camp also received a another Stellar. The camp also received a another Stellar the camp also received a another Stellar. Grant as we planned to grant as we planned to grant as we planned to incorporate the protocol. Incorporate the protocol incorporate the protocol into some programs that we'll be . Into some programs that we'll be into some programs that we'll be launching. Launching launching as soon as next week as soon as next week as soon as next week. Wow as soon as next week I'm very wow as soon as next week I'm very wow as soon as next week I'm very. Excited for that yes I heard about it excited for that yes I heard about it excited for that yes I heard about it. The marketing grant from sdf that's a the marketing grant from sdf that's a the marketing grant from sdf that's a. Yeah yeah yeah that's great great news I'm very excited that's great great news I'm very excited. That's great great news I'm very excited that you know we were able to support in. That you know we were able to support in that you know we were able to support in. That way and you know kind of like going that way and you know kind of like going. That way and you know kind of like going back to what you said about like back to what you said about like. Back to what you said about like michael and kind of coming on boards and michael and kind of coming on boards and. Michael and kind of coming on boards and so michael you were a facilitator of the. So michael you were a facilitator of the so michael you were a facilitator of the. Team of phone bank team right because team of phone bank team right because team of phone bank team right because. Like okay so to backtrack a real quick like okay so to backtrack a real quick like okay so to backtrack a real quick. So every team in the boot camp has a so every team in the boot camp has a so every team in the boot camp has a. Specific facilitator assigned specific facilitator assigned specific facilitator assigned. And in this case michael was the and in this case michael was the and in this case michael was the. Facilitator of phone bank so facilitator of phone bank so facilitator of phone bank so. Michael what was that like first being a michael what was that like first being a. Michael what was that like first being a facilitator of the team in the boot camp. Facilitator of the team in the boot camp facilitator of the team in the boot camp. And now co-founder and head of growth and now co-founder and head of growth and now co-founder and head of growth. Africa of stone bank africa of stone bank africa of stone bank yeah thank you thank you very much i. Yeah thank you thank you very much I yeah thank you thank you very much I was actually seated at the same spot . Was actually seated at the same spot was actually seated at the same spot I'm sitting now and chris and i. I'm sitting now and chris and I I'm sitting now and chris and I met and . Met and met and I guess it was a bit over in hindsight I guess it was a bit over in hindsight. I guess it was a bit over in hindsight it was a bit of a surprise but also it was a bit of a surprise but also. It was a bit of a surprise but also a lesson for me on the a lesson for me on the. A lesson for me on the the role of such ecosystem building the role of such ecosystem building. The role of such ecosystem building programs like the boot camp it's programs like the boot camp it's. Programs like the boot camp it's really I think a lot of us maybe might really I think a lot of us maybe might. Really I think a lot of us maybe might have might think about it in terms of have might think about it in terms of. Have might think about it in terms of coming to raise funding coming to raise funding. Coming to raise funding or accelerating or accelerating or accelerating some of the products that we are working. Some of the products that we are working some of the products that we are working. On but for me I mean the opportunity on but for me I mean the opportunity on but for me I mean the opportunity. I got was matchmaking or finding I got was matchmaking or finding I got was matchmaking or finding. Other ways to to benefit from from this other ways to to benefit from from this other ways to to benefit from from this. Network and discord of network and discord of network and discord of of great companies and great founders. of great companies and great founders of great companies and great founders. So I think that would be my that was so I think that would be my that was so I think that would be my that was. The biggest lesson that I took away from the biggest lesson that I took away from. The biggest lesson that I took away from from from the benefit of such programs from from the benefit of such programs. From from the benefit of such programs and the kind of value you can derive and the kind of value you can derive. And the kind of value you can derive from these programs beyond just from these programs beyond just . From these programs beyond just the old-fashioned tried and tested the old-fashioned tried and tested . The old-fashioned tried and tested funding it can also be a place where you funding it can also be a place where you. Funding it can also be a place where you could meet potential partners it could could meet potential partners it could. Could meet potential partners it could be a place where you could you could be a place where you could you could. Be a place where you could you could meet meet meet co-founders like myself you know so who. Co-founders like myself you know so who co-founders like myself you know so who knows so just look at it as a. Knows so just look at it as a knows so just look at it as a as a as a as a as a a. As a a as a a a ball of a ball of a ball of of value that you can exploit . Of value that you can exploit of value that you can exploit depending on whatever needs you have. Depending on whatever needs you have depending on whatever needs you have yeah yeah. Yeah yeah it's it's it's amazing I love that yeah it's it's it's amazing I love that. Yeah it's it's it's amazing I love that like matchmaking that you really like matchmaking that you really. Like matchmaking that you really bring that up it's like a book campus a bring that up it's like a book campus a. Bring that up it's like a book campus a matchmaking event matchmaking event matchmaking event. I mean I think like I mean I think like I mean I think like it has actually like it's like when we. It has actually like it's like when we it has actually like it's like when we first started I had like you know like. First started I had like you know like first started I had like you know like for me also like going in like okay like. For me also like going in like okay like for me also like going in like okay like. We are doing this and then coming out we are doing this and then coming out we are doing this and then coming out. It's like all of these connections that it's like all of these connections that it's like all of these connections that. You really build and I was also like oh you really build and I was also like oh you really build and I was also like oh. It's going to be like a virtual event it's going to be like a virtual event it's going to be like a virtual event. I'm not quite sure what that's going to I'm not quite sure what that's going to I'm not quite sure what that's going to. Be like but the connection that we made be like but the connection that we made be like but the connection that we made. And kind of the lasting relationship and kind of the lasting relationship and kind of the lasting relationship. Have also like on me like really helped have also like on me like really helped have also like on me like really helped. and kind of like last question for and kind of like last question for. and kind of like last question for for either of you to answer for either of you to answer. For either of you to answer because like last in a prep session because like last in a prep session. because like last in a prep session we we also like talked a bit about we we also like talked a bit about. we we also like talked a bit about kind of like your business model and kind of like your business model and. Kind of like your business model and kind of like what kind of like what kind of like what. What what business model what is the what what business model what is the what what business model what is the. Business model that I have allowed for business model that I have allowed for business model that I have allowed for. Like such growth in the recent growth in like such growth in the recent growth in. Like such growth in the recent growth in the company the company the company so so. So we are we are we are at its core an exchange where we at its core an exchange where we. At its core an exchange where we match individuals and businesses that match individuals and businesses that. Match individuals and businesses that might trade in prepaid air time might trade in prepaid air time. Might trade in prepaid air time with with with individuals seeking digital money. Individuals seeking digital money individuals seeking digital money and I think that's sort of the. And I think that's sort of the and I think that's sort of the inflection point that's taken off in our. Inflection point that's taken off in our inflection point that's taken off in our. In our business in our business in our business where where where you know people are trying to go from. You know people are trying to go from you know people are trying to go from the fiat world into crypto web 3 and all. The fiat world into crypto web 3 and all the fiat world into crypto web 3 and all. And even traditional finance but in a and even traditional finance but in a and even traditional finance but in a. The lowest friction sort of a path the lowest friction sort of a path the lowest friction sort of a path. And I think and I think and I think exploring and you know and partnering exploring and you know and partnering. Exploring and you know and partnering with Stellar with Stellar with Stellar. I think is a is a great way to reduce I think is a is a great way to reduce. I think is a is a great way to reduce remove that friction in that process and. Remove that friction in that process and remove that friction in that process and. I think you know I mentioned that a I think you know I mentioned that a I think you know I mentioned that a. Couple times because that's something couple times because that's something couple times because that's something. That that's key to sort of user better that that's key to sort of user better that that's key to sort of user better. User experience and act actually user experience and act actually user experience and act actually. In in in my journey my journey my journey through sort of product discovery in through sort of product discovery in. Through sort of product discovery in this Stellar ecosystem I was very this Stellar ecosystem I was very. This Stellar ecosystem I was very pleasantly pleasantly pleasantly surprised as to the progress. Surprised as to the progress surprised as to the progress of of of many of the developments whether it's. Many of the developments whether it's many of the developments whether it's the amm and. The amm and the amm and the other various Stellar products the other various Stellar products. the other various Stellar products and I think in large part because it is and I think in large part because it is. And I think in large part because it is a a a you know a low-cost you know a low-cost. You know a low-cost eco you know environmentally friendly eco you know environmentally friendly. Eco you know environmentally friendly ecosystem I think it touches all the ecosystem I think it touches all the. Ecosystem I think it touches all the major items and it's there's been major items and it's there's been. Major items and it's there's been significant improvement and so we're significant improvement and so we're. Significant improvement and so we're excited to be partners I thought that was all muted. I thought that was all muted awesome well that's great to hear awesome well that's great to hear. awesome well that's great to hear like we are also excited to to be in like we are also excited to to be in. Like we are also excited to to be in connection with all of you and sdf is connection with all of you and sdf is. Connection with all of you and sdf is really here to support really here to support. Really here to support those who are building on Stellar those who are building on Stellar. those who are building on Stellar sellers open source by the way anyone sellers open source by the way anyone. Sellers open source by the way anyone can choose to build on a network but we can choose to build on a network but we. Can choose to build on a network but we as a non-profit really try to see how we as a non-profit really try to see how we. As a non-profit really try to see how we can support people that are building can support people that are building. Can support people that are building real world solutions on the network so real world solutions on the network so. Real world solutions on the network so you know I'm very it's very great to you know I'm very it's very great to. You know I'm very it's very great to hear this as well and then kind of I hear this as well and then kind of i. Hear this as well and then kind of I wanted to go into bonafide so a wanted to go into bonafide so a. Wanted to go into bonafide so a few questions for ope actually few questions for ope actually . Few questions for ope actually what was your experience with the boot what was your experience with the boot. What was your experience with the boot camp and camp and camp and yeah what stood out. Thank you and kay so like I mentioned thank you and kay so like I mentioned. Earlier when we came up into the into earlier when we came up into the into earlier when we came up into the into. The boot camp we had a different the boot camp we had a different the boot camp we had a different. Product right that was a digital bank product right that was a digital bank. Product right that was a digital bank for for migrants and we had for for migrants and we had. for for migrants and we had already started experiencing some already started experiencing some. Already started experiencing some challenges challenges challenges in terms of well the product was a. in terms of well the product was a in terms of well the product was a. Great product did they really great product did they really great product did they really. Communicate or fulfill our mission communicate or fulfill our mission communicate or fulfill our mission . Which is basically to like democratize which is basically to like democratize which is basically to like democratize. Opportunities in general right and opportunities in general right and opportunities in general right and. The bootcamp helped us to the bootcamp helped us to the bootcamp helped us to really walk through a design thinking. Really walk through a design thinking really walk through a design thinking process to actually answer some of these. Process to actually answer some of these process to actually answer some of these. Questions and come up with something questions and come up with something questions and come up with something. That's really simple that's really simple that's really simple basic and works and for everyone now . Basic and works and for everyone now basic and works and for everyone now the result of that is bonafide that. The result of that is bonafide that the result of that is bonafide that digital wallet that lets . Digital wallet that lets digital wallet that lets any anyone save send and receive in. Any anyone save send and receive in any anyone save send and receive in digital dollars and these is available. Digital dollars and these is available digital dollars and these is available to to to all africans or one billion. To to to all africans or one billion to to to all africans or one billion africans who are currently you know. Africans who are currently you know africans who are currently you know not connected to the global world. Not connected to the global world not connected to the global world of commerce or trade and and that's. Of commerce or trade and and that's of commerce or trade and and that's that's massive by itself and also. That's massive by itself and also that's massive by itself and also something we're very excited . Something we're very excited something we're very excited about that happened within the boot camp. About that happened within the boot camp about that happened within the boot camp. Was being able to kind of fashion out was being able to kind of fashion out was being able to kind of fashion out. This no lost price that allows people to this no lost price that allows people to. This no lost price that allows people to actually kind of win big amounts of actually kind of win big amounts of. Actually kind of win big amounts of money right without risk of losing any money right without risk of losing any. Money right without risk of losing any money I mean money I mean money I mean that that's like super super fantastic. That that's like super super fantastic that that's like super super fantastic and then that's something that's new . And then that's something that's new and then that's something that's new that will bring it . That will bring it that will bring it to the continent on that so the boot. To the continent on that so the boot to the continent on that so the boot camp really helped us. Camp really helped us camp really helped us pull all of that together and come up. Pull all of that together and come up pull all of that together and come up with this simple product we're still. With this simple product we're still with this simple product we're still pre-launched we've already been. Pre-launched we've already been pre-launched we've already been transacting millions of dollars based. Transacting millions of dollars based transacting millions of dollars based. On what we've on what we've on what we've on a monthly basis the 2 million last on a monthly basis the 2 million last. On a monthly basis the 2 million last time last month based on what what time last month based on what what. Time last month based on what what we've done so far and soon we'll be we've done so far and soon we'll be. We've done so far and soon we'll be going out big time into the into the going out big time into the into the. Going out big time into the into the market yeah market yeah market yeah oh wow that's a that that's a lot . Oh wow that's a that that's a lot oh wow that's a that that's a lot congratulations on on that type of. Congratulations on on that type of congratulations on on that type of volume already before or before. Volume already before or before volume already before or before launching launching. Launching that's amazing yeah because I that's amazing yeah because I that's amazing yeah because i. Remember like we were like trying to remember like we were like trying to remember like we were like trying to. Figure out the use case and obviously figure out the use case and obviously figure out the use case and obviously. Like you know you know there are some like you know you know there are some like you know you know there are some. Some like restrictions we can do and I some like restrictions we can do and I some like restrictions we can do and i. Kind of like work out a way that really kind of like work out a way that really kind of like work out a way that really. Like is a great business model so yeah like is a great business model so yeah like is a great business model so yeah. I'm very excited about that and being I'm very excited about that and being I'm very excited about that and being. Able to use blockchain use Stellar to able to use blockchain use Stellar to able to use blockchain use Stellar to. Allow such features is just something allow such features is just something allow such features is just something. You cannot do with any other technology you cannot do with any other technology you cannot do with any other technology. Really so you know a little bit really so you know a little bit really so you know a little bit . Back back checking back so you have back back checking back so you have back back checking back so you have. Been part of like money me right and been part of like money me right and been part of like money me right and. Money me has been in the Stellar money me has been in the Stellar money me has been in the Stellar. Ecosystem for quite some time ecosystem for quite some time ecosystem for quite some time . Can you explain a little bit about what can you explain a little bit about what can you explain a little bit about what. Moneyb is and did the bootcamp kind moneyb is and did the bootcamp kind moneyb is and did the bootcamp kind. Of experience change anything towards of experience change anything towards of experience change anything towards. Your engagement with Stellar your engagement with Stellar your engagement with Stellar. Yes so money me like I mentioned yes so money me like I mentioned yes so money me like I mentioned. Earlier or the digital bank focused earlier or the digital bank focused earlier or the digital bank focused. On on migrants right and we we built on on migrants right and we we built on on migrants right and we we built. That product within very strict context that product within very strict context that product within very strict context. Of u.s regulatory infrastructure of u.s regulatory infrastructure of u.s regulatory infrastructure. so so so you know a couple of things you know you know a couple of things you know. You know a couple of things you know controlled by the banks as agents of the controlled by the banks as agents of the. Controlled by the banks as agents of the banks u.s persons only not fully banks u.s persons only not fully. Banks u.s persons only not fully democratized and you know we were trying democratized and you know we were trying. Democratized and you know we were trying to kind of do something that was a bit to kind of do something that was a bit. To kind of do something that was a bit more democratized and that was what more democratized and that was what . More democratized and that was what bonafide was so how did this bonafide was so how did this. Bonafide was so how did this Stellar ecosystem up there beyond you Stellar ecosystem up there beyond you. Stellar ecosystem up there beyond you know just the boot camp in itself I know just the boot camp in itself i. Know just the boot camp in itself I think the relationships we we got we got think the relationships we we got we got. Think the relationships we we got we got very very good referrals to other very very good referrals to other. Very very good referrals to other classes ecosystem that we could classes ecosystem that we could . Classes ecosystem that we could that we could work with right the that we could work with right the. That we could work with right the folks that we had the folks at wire folks that we had the folks at wire. Folks that we had the folks at wire those were all you know relationships those were all you know relationships. Those were all you know relationships that were broken by by by the that were broken by by by the. That were broken by by by the Stellar  Stellar Stellar  Stellar organization so so that was. Stellar organization so so that was Stellar organization so so that was really helpful too. Great yeah I know that that's that's great yeah I know that that's that's really great to know and it's also like. Really great to know and it's also like really great to know and it's also like being able to. Being able to being able to grow in the relationship develop and grow in the relationship develop and. grow in the relationship develop and I think like that's also something I think like that's also something i. I think like that's also something I want to point out to want to point out to want to point out to. Future like or like to current seller future like or like to current seller future like or like to current seller. Company company company ecosystem companies build on Stellar ecosystem companies build on Stellar. Ecosystem companies build on Stellar it's like you can it's like you can it's like you can. Always like develop a relationship even always like develop a relationship even always like develop a relationship even. Through this bootcamp but also through through this bootcamp but also through through this bootcamp but also through. Other other avenues and we definitely other other avenues and we definitely other other avenues and we definitely. Encourage that encourage that encourage that so thank you so much opa that was a so thank you so much opa that was a. So thank you so much opa that was a really great outline I will come back to really great outline I will come back to. Really great outline I will come back to that later that later that later .    I wanted to hear about like funta I wanted to hear about like funta i. I wanted to hear about like funta I wanted to hear from you of kwedru wanted to hear from you of kwedru. Wanted to hear from you of kwedru and so so creatoru was in a kind of and so so creatoru was in a kind of. and so so creatoru was in a kind of like an early development stage when you like an early development stage when you. Like an early development stage when you applied to the boot camp what made applied to the boot camp what made. Applied to the boot camp what made you decide to apply thank you okay I think for us one of. Thank you okay I think for us one of the reasons why we decided to apply for the reasons why we decided to apply for. The reasons why we decided to apply for the boot camp was because we were really the boot camp was because we were really. The boot camp was because we were really like you mentioned really early stage we. Like you mentioned really early stage we like you mentioned really early stage we. Wanted to sort of prove or sort of wanted to sort of prove or sort of wanted to sort of prove or sort of. Use the the boot camp to sort of make use the the boot camp to sort of make use the the boot camp to sort of make. Sure that we were going down the right sure that we were going down the right sure that we were going down the right. Path path path and you know and you know and you know the bootcamp definitely. The bootcamp definitely the bootcamp definitely exceeded our expectation in making sure. Exceeded our expectation in making sure exceeded our expectation in making sure I mean we mentioned the design sprint. I mean we mentioned the design sprint I mean we mentioned the design sprint. Being able to make sure that you know being able to make sure that you know being able to make sure that you know. The idea that we had was something the idea that we had was something the idea that we had was something. That was not only legitimate but that that was not only legitimate but that that was not only legitimate but that. Would work and I think some of the would work and I think some of the would work and I think some of the. Other things that came out of the boot other things that came out of the boot other things that came out of the boot. Camp was also you know just this camp was also you know just this camp was also you know just this. Additional idea of you know being able additional idea of you know being able additional idea of you know being able. To to to get investors because the way equity get investors because the way equity. get investors because the way equity works you know it's an essay SMS vendors works you know it's an essay SMS vendors. Works you know it's an essay SMS vendors and then investors and you know now with. And then investors and you know now with and then investors and you know now with. The bootcamp helped us to sort of the bootcamp helped us to sort of the bootcamp helped us to sort of. Highlight or crystallize the fact that highlight or crystallize the fact that highlight or crystallize the fact that. We can then really go cross-border we can then really go cross-border we can then really go cross-border. Payment and you know tap you know no payment and you know tap you know no payment and you know tap you know no. Matter how small investments from matter how small investments from matter how small investments from. Investors from across the world right investors from across the world right investors from across the world right. And so that was one of the things that and so that was one of the things that and so that was one of the things that. Came out of the boot camp and we're so came out of the boot camp and we're so came out of the boot camp and we're so. Excited that excited that excited that not only did we finish the bootcamp . Not only did we finish the bootcamp not only did we finish the bootcamp we got five thousand dollars which we're. We got five thousand dollars which we're we got five thousand dollars which we're. Excited about but then we were able to excited about but then we were able to excited about but then we were able to. transition into the the transition into the the transition into the the. Development community and we were development community and we were development community and we were. Able to get additional funding that has able to get additional funding that has able to get additional funding that has. Allowed us now to hire for additional allowed us now to hire for additional allowed us now to hire for additional. Engineers and we have some funding for engineers and we have some funding for engineers and we have some funding for. for marketing so we're super excited for marketing so we're super excited for marketing so we're super excited. and even though we're still and even though we're still and even though we're still. Pre-launched I think of the next pre-launched I think of the next pre-launched I think of the next. Maybe a few months what everybody's maybe a few months what everybody's maybe a few months what everybody's. Gonna be hearing about creatures so gonna be hearing about creatures so gonna be hearing about creatures so. Excited super excited excited super excited excited super excited yeah oh I'm I'm I'm excited to hear that. Yeah oh I'm I'm I'm excited to hear that yeah oh I'm I'm I'm excited to hear that. Also about the scf and I'm coming back also about the scf and I'm coming back also about the scf and I'm coming back. To that in a later question to that in a later question to that in a later question. but quickly like kind of like about but quickly like kind of like about but quickly like kind of like about. The boot camp experience because you did the boot camp experience because you did. The boot camp experience because you did mention you know because we had I mention you know because we had I i. Mention you know because we had I believe like companies in the booth believe like companies in the booth. Believe like companies in the booth came from from very different levels came from from very different levels. Came from from very different levels of development of development of development. and yeah I kind of wanted to if and yeah I kind of wanted to if and yeah I kind of wanted to if. You wanted to kind of go through what you wanted to kind of go through what you wanted to kind of go through what. Your experience was and what you liked your experience was and what you liked your experience was and what you liked. About it about it about it and and kind of like what impact that and and kind of like what impact that. And and kind of like what impact that had on your business in in a bit more had on your business in in a bit more. Had on your business in in a bit more detail sure so i'll be the first to say that. Sure so i'll be the first to say that I'm a female non-tech founder I'm a female non-tech founder. I'm a female non-tech founder and so even coming into the boot and so even coming into the boot. and so even coming into the boot camp there was a bit of trepidation camp there was a bit of trepidation. Camp there was a bit of trepidation because I was like oh my god what am I because I was like oh my god what am i. Because I was like oh my god what am I getting myself into but I will say that getting myself into but I will say that. Getting myself into but I will say that you know not only was I able to you know not only was I able to. You know not only was I able to keep up with the design sprint and keep up with the design sprint and. Keep up with the design sprint and with everything that was going on I with everything that was going on i. With everything that was going on I think there was just a sense of at least think there was just a sense of at least. Think there was just a sense of at least for me there was a sense of okay you for me there was a sense of okay you. For me there was a sense of okay you know the people who are you know know the people who are you know. Know the people who are you know there's a big network out there that are there's a big network out there that are. There's a big network out there that are willing to support willing to support willing to support. I mean you just even you anki I mean I mean you just even you anki I mean I mean you just even you anki I mean. Just the encouragement along the way just the encouragement along the way just the encouragement along the way . Our mentor was joseph benson I don't our mentor was joseph benson I don't our mentor was joseph benson I don't. Know I mean just the encouragement to know I mean just the encouragement to know I mean just the encouragement to. The team I mean we'll just you know I the team I mean we'll just you know I the team I mean we'll just you know i. Think there are no words to describe and think there are no words to describe and. Think there are no words to describe and I think also just give us another level I think also just give us another level. I think also just give us another level of of of legitimacy in terms of what we were. Legitimacy in terms of what we were legitimacy in terms of what we were trying to do so for me I think like i. Trying to do so for me I think like I trying to do so for me I think like I said it was just the network to see that. Said it was just the network to see that said it was just the network to see that. There are other people I'm trying to do there are other people I'm trying to do there are other people I'm trying to do. The same thing but to know that there's the same thing but to know that there's the same thing but to know that there's. A network of people who are like sort of a network of people who are like sort of. A network of people who are like sort of cheering us on and who want us to really. Cheering us on and who want us to really cheering us on and who want us to really. Succeed is is just was just succeed is is just was just succeed is is just was just. Phenomenal yeah yeah well I'm super happy to yeah yeah well I'm super happy to. Hear that yes I'm 100 behind all of you hear that yes I'm 100 behind all of you hear that yes I'm 100 behind all of you. and definitely I'm super excited and definitely I'm super excited and definitely I'm super excited. That you're able to grow on it you're that you're able to grow on it you're that you're able to grow on it you're. Also wanting to continue your journey also wanting to continue your journey also wanting to continue your journey. With Stellar so thank you so much fonto with Stellar so thank you so much fonto with Stellar so thank you so much fonto. And also like and also like and also like big claps to all women founders here big claps to all women founders here. Big claps to all women founders here like it's women history month this like it's women history month this . Like it's women history month this this this this march so march so march so. Big class honestly like I'm super big class honestly like I'm super big class honestly like I'm super. Excited to have you know each of you but excited to have you know each of you but. Excited to have you know each of you but also you know also you know also you know. In particular because it's women history in particular because it's women history. In particular because it's women history month on board big claps all women month on board big claps all women. Month on board big claps all women founders and I you know like so I founders and I you know like so i. Founders and I you know like so I guess going a bit into that it's a guess going a bit into that it's a. Guess going a bit into that it's a little surprised question but little surprised question but . Little surprised question but did did that change anything being a did did that change anything being a. Did did that change anything being a women founder like what would you kind women founder like what would you kind. Women founder like what would you kind of like say also to encourage other of like say also to encourage other. Of like say also to encourage other women founders in the space and women founders in the space and. Women founders in the space and especially in blockchain as well especially in blockchain as well . Especially in blockchain as well to get started so I would say so I would say . Do it afraid but do it you know do it afraid but do it you know do it afraid but do it you know. you know because you're not ever you know because you're not ever you know because you're not ever. Going to going to going to I don't think you're going to ever get I don't think you're going to ever get. I don't think you're going to ever get 100 comfortable so just you just need to 100 comfortable so just you just need to. 100 comfortable so just you just need to do it and even if you don't I mean one do it and even if you don't I mean one. Do it and even if you don't I mean one of the things that I think okay of the things that I think okay. Of the things that I think okay mentioned that the boot camp helped him mentioned that the boot camp helped him. Mentioned that the boot camp helped him to do was sort of pivot a bit I think to do was sort of pivot a bit I think. To do was sort of pivot a bit I think you know this was a space to be able to you know this was a space to be able to. You know this was a space to be able to after you you're done with the design after you you're done with the design. After you you're done with the design screen you start to sort of question screen you start to sort of question. Screen you start to sort of question okay will this work won't this work and okay will this work won't this work and. Okay will this work won't this work and it the the bootcamp was a safe space to it the the bootcamp was a safe space to. It the the bootcamp was a safe space to sort of explore those ideas so sort of explore those ideas so. Sort of explore those ideas so especially for female founders again I especially for female founders again i. Especially for female founders again I can't say it enough we don't get as can't say it enough we don't get as. Can't say it enough we don't get as much support I would like to see but much support I would like to see but. Much support I would like to see but this is a really safe space this is a this is a really safe space this is a. This is a really safe space this is a place where you get a lot of support so place where you get a lot of support so. Place where you get a lot of support so I just really want to encourage a lot of I just really want to encourage a lot of. I just really want to encourage a lot of female founders who are maybe on the female founders who are maybe on the. Female founders who are maybe on the fence to to make sure that they apply fence to to make sure that they apply. Fence to to make sure that they apply and they will get the best of support and they will get the best of support. and they will get the best of support that I can attest to personally so that I can attest to personally so. that I can attest to personally so yeah thank you so much for mentioning that thank you so much for mentioning that. Yeah I think like we cannot stress yeah I think like we cannot stress yeah I think like we cannot stress. Enough it's like if you are you know enough it's like if you are you know enough it's like if you are you know. Like new to blockchain or you're kind of like new to blockchain or you're kind of. Like new to blockchain or you're kind of like on the fence like I think like it's. Like on the fence like I think like it's like on the fence like I think like it's. Very important just to just to apply very important just to just to apply very important just to just to apply. Just to get started just to get in there just to get started just to get in there. Just to get started just to get in there and who knows what will happen and who knows what will happen. and who knows what will happen there's a lot of excitement in the space there's a lot of excitement in the space. There's a lot of excitement in the space a lot of opportunity and yeah so I'm a lot of opportunity and yeah so I'm. A lot of opportunity and yeah so I'm super excited so before we kind of go super excited so before we kind of go. Super excited so before we kind of go into also recommendations I wanted to into also recommendations I wanted to. Into also recommendations I wanted to highlight a very special project as well highlight a very special project as well. Highlight a very special project as well that I mentored I'm very excited about that I mentored I'm very excited about. That I mentored I'm very excited about I'm excited about all of you by the way I'm excited about all of you by the way. I'm excited about all of you by the way just but honeycomb in particular I just but honeycomb in particular i. Just but honeycomb in particular I was meant I was a facilitator and I was was meant I was a facilitator and I was. Was meant I was a facilitator and I was part of the the part of the the part of the the. Boot camp process so very excited dave boot camp process so very excited dave boot camp process so very excited dave. And dominic please and dominic please and dominic please what was that what was participating in. What was that what was participating in what was that what was participating in the in the boot camp like. Yeah participating in the boot yeah participating in the boot comforts comforts. Comforts it was grueling it was grueling it was grueling I like to tell david that on the. I like to tell david that on the I like to tell david that on the third day of the boot company he was. Third day of the boot company he was third day of the boot company he was directed because I remember he didn't. Directed because I remember he didn't directed because I remember he didn't. Sleep one day on the night before them a sleep one day on the night before them a. Sleep one day on the night before them a day but it was so much fun we were day but it was so much fun we were. Day but it was so much fun we were truly stretched but we truly stretched but we. Truly stretched but we were able to like lay the ground up for were able to like lay the ground up for. Were able to like lay the ground up for something that we something that we something that we. Pretty much worked on for months pretty much worked on for months pretty much worked on for months. Afterwards and we're really really afterwards and we're really really afterwards and we're really really. Grateful because of the bootcamp it grateful because of the bootcamp it grateful because of the bootcamp it. Allowed us to allowed us to allowed us to explore explore explore how we we went we went in would come to. How we we went we went in would come to how we we went we went in would come to the question of how do we help our. The question of how do we help our the question of how do we help our creators and their funds be able to like. Creators and their funds be able to like creators and their funds be able to like. You know send receive crypto and we you know send receive crypto and we you know send receive crypto and we. Walked out of the bootcamp wanting to walked out of the bootcamp wanting to walked out of the bootcamp wanting to. Build a whole nft marketplace and we've build a whole nft marketplace and we've build a whole nft marketplace and we've. Been able to do that at least we've been able to do that at least we've been able to do that at least we've. Done a proof of concept for it we done a proof of concept for it we done a proof of concept for it we. Wanted them in the bootcamp we were wanted them in the bootcamp we were wanted them in the bootcamp we were. Able to like implement a fast checkout able to like implement a fast checkout able to like implement a fast checkout. Flow for our creators being able to flow for our creators being able to flow for our creators being able to. Like receive xlm and like I mean like receive xlm and like I mean like receive xlm and like I mean. In a in a way that would be in a in a way that would be in a in a way that would be. Pretty easy for pretty easy for pretty easy for non-crypto natives to be able to support. Non-crypto natives to be able to support non-crypto natives to be able to support. Their creators and that was so much fun their creators and that was so much fun their creators and that was so much fun. And I mean it really stretched us and I mean it really stretched us and I mean it really stretched us. And we went ahead immediately after to and we went ahead immediately after to and we went ahead immediately after to. Just keep on building on that and I mean just keep on building on that and I mean. Just keep on building on that and I mean it's been it's been really good since it's been it's been really good since. It's been it's been really good since yeah yeah yeah yeah and just to add yeah and just to add . Yeah and just to add I think one of the best things about the I think one of the best things about the. I think one of the best things about the the boots camp is it forced us the boots camp is it forced us. The boots camp is it forced us to have a sense of urgency I think to have a sense of urgency I think . To have a sense of urgency I think everyone in this panel can vouch for everyone in this panel can vouch for. Everyone in this panel can vouch for that there's there's a certain that there's there's a certain. That there's there's a certain lethargicness or latency that comes in lethargicness or latency that comes in. Lethargicness or latency that comes in your kind of startup whether you know your kind of startup whether you know. Your kind of startup whether you know you have your roadmap on notion and you you have your roadmap on notion and you. You have your roadmap on notion and you queue it up for three months down the queue it up for three months down the. Queue it up for three months down the line it feels like it never comes you line it feels like it never comes you. Line it feels like it never comes you always work always work always work yes with some urgency but it's never. Yes with some urgency but it's never yes with some urgency but it's never really like oh this is next week that we. Really like oh this is next week that we really like oh this is next week that we. Need to do you know a specific thing and need to do you know a specific thing and. Need to do you know a specific thing and and that sort of like would have put us and that sort of like would have put us. And that sort of like would have put us in the frame of mind of thinking if if I in the frame of mind of thinking if if i. In the frame of mind of thinking if if I literally had a week to map out a sprint. Literally had a week to map out a sprint literally had a week to map out a sprint. And get to a point where we actually and get to a point where we actually and get to a point where we actually. Have an mvp or something that we need to have an mvp or something that we need to. Have an mvp or something that we need to ship out what life looked like and I ship out what life looked like and i. Ship out what life looked like and I think it's something that also helped think it's something that also helped. Think it's something that also helped you know to to to instill that culture you know to to to instill that culture. You know to to to instill that culture in in in in in the company itself like you know. In in the company itself like you know in in the company itself like you know as we expand the team and you know just. As we expand the team and you know just as we expand the team and you know just carrying carrying that three-day sprint. Carrying carrying that three-day sprint carrying carrying that three-day sprint culture you know holistically across. Culture you know holistically across culture you know holistically across everything that we do and . Everything that we do and everything that we do and the the the growth attraction has been you know. Growth attraction has been you know growth attraction has been you know enormous up until this point like we've. Enormous up until this point like we've enormous up until this point like we've we've gone from you know free bootcamp. We've gone from you know free bootcamp we've gone from you know free bootcamp we're doing maybe a thousand dollars a. We're doing maybe a thousand dollars a we're doing maybe a thousand dollars a day on the high side now we're. Day on the high side now we're day on the high side now we're processing up like up to a hundred. Processing up like up to a hundred processing up like up to a hundred thousand dollars in a single day and. Thousand dollars in a single day and thousand dollars in a single day and that's exciting to us yeah. That's exciting to us yeah that's exciting to us yeah and the validation that we're able to. And the validation that we're able to and the validation that we're able to accomplish in the bootcamp. Accomplish in the bootcamp accomplish in the bootcamp and you know carrying that forward you. And you know carrying that forward you and you know carrying that forward you know building a end-to-end platform we. Know building a end-to-end platform we know building a end-to-end platform we launched our escrange in one of the. Launched our escrange in one of the launched our escrange in one of the first platforms to launch a fractional. First platforms to launch a fractional first platforms to launch a fractional nft protocol that we also brought over. Nft protocol that we also brought over nft protocol that we also brought over to Stellar which is super exciting you. To Stellar which is super exciting you to Stellar which is super exciting you. Know so just just so much that came out know so just just so much that came out know so just just so much that came out. Of it and of it and of it and also just being a part of the Stellar also just being a part of the Stellar. Also just being a part of the Stellar ecosystem and which is you know ecosystem and which is you know. Ecosystem and which is you know constantly growing and and super constantly growing and and super. Constantly growing and and super supportive on every front especially supportive on every front especially. Supportive on every front especially sdf sdf sdf and and having you as a as a mentor. and and having you as a as a mentor and and having you as a as a mentor was pretty great to anyone watching. Was pretty great to anyone watching was pretty great to anyone watching this I'm biased and I was if you guys. This I'm biased and I was if you guys this I'm biased and I was if you guys. Jumping in anki should be your mentor well that's great to hear but I think well that's great to hear but I think. Like we had great mentors on board too like we had great mentors on board too like we had great mentors on board too. Right and I think everyone here like right and I think everyone here like right and I think everyone here like. Feel free to also chip in and kind of feel free to also chip in and kind of feel free to also chip in and kind of. Like tell how grueling of an ex well like tell how grueling of an ex well like tell how grueling of an ex well. Grueling but good of an experience it grueling but good of an experience it grueling but good of an experience it. Was to have this like busy was to have this like busy was to have this like busy packed. Packed packed three-day boot camp but actually having three-day boot camp but actually having. Three-day boot camp but actually having clear results at the anti-demo day and clear results at the anti-demo day and. Clear results at the anti-demo day and that and it's like having that that and it's like having that. That and it's like having that like working with facilitator very like working with facilitator very. Like working with facilitator very closely yeah I would love to hear if closely yeah I would love to hear if. Closely yeah I would love to hear if anyone you know wants to chip in on on anyone you know wants to chip in on on. Anyone you know wants to chip in on on what david and dominic just said who else had a grueling experience i. Who else had a grueling experience I believe believe believe was it was it. Was it phone bank I believe chris and you phone bank I believe chris and you. Phone bank I believe chris and you you jumped in from the from the u.s you jumped in from the from the u.s. You jumped in from the from the u.s yeah so I was in the I was in the u.s so yeah so I was in the I was in the u.s so. Yeah so I was in the I was in the u.s so I it was a very long week getting up at. It was a very long week getting up at it was a very long week getting up at early east african time to participate. Early east african time to participate early east african time to participate and. And and just to to demonstrate the committedness just to to demonstrate the committedness. Just to to demonstrate the committedness of the program I think someone called. Of the program I think someone called of the program I think someone called. Me and woke me up the first morning to me and woke me up the first morning to me and woke me up the first morning to. Make sure that I was showed up on make sure that I was showed up on make sure that I was showed up on. Time time time but I'm actually forever grateful for but I'm actually forever grateful for. but I'm actually forever grateful for that that that because then we were able to be fully. because then we were able to be fully because then we were able to be fully. Engaged and that just showed the level engaged and that just showed the level engaged and that just showed the level. Of of of you know the sincerity of the you know the sincerity of the. you know the sincerity of the engagement for the program so but engagement for the program so but. Engagement for the program so but maybe get some sleep the night before maybe get some sleep the night before. Maybe get some sleep the night before and plan to go to bed early if you're and plan to go to bed early if you're. And plan to go to bed early if you're going to join from other parts of the going to join from other parts of the. Going to join from other parts of the world world world yeah and just to add in . Yeah and just to add in yeah and just to add in I think we still have that problem with. I think we still have that problem with I think we still have that problem with chris now because because he's on dc. Chris now because because he's on dc chris now because because he's on dc time I usually have to have my. Time I usually have to have my time I usually have to have my working hours go all the way up to. Working hours go all the way up to working hours go all the way up to 7 00 p.m in east africa time yeah but. 7 00 p.m in east africa time yeah but 7 00 p.m in east africa time yeah but. Just to add to david's just to add to david's just to add to david's point around grilling I think it's also. Point around grilling I think it's also point around grilling I think it's also about the. About the about the kind of vibe you get with your your kind of vibe you get with your your. Kind of vibe you get with your your mentor facilitator because even at phone mentor facilitator because even at phone. Mentor facilitator because even at phone bank I felt with chris bank I felt with chris. Bank I felt with chris chris was a really mature founder I chris was a really mature founder i. chris was a really mature founder I think he is mentioned it exited a couple think he is mentioned it exited a couple. Think he is mentioned it exited a couple of companies so when I met him of companies so when I met him. Of companies so when I met him I really felt I had I really felt I had I really felt I had. An easy time working with him we really an easy time working with him we really an easy time working with him we really. Built up a great relationship together built up a great relationship together built up a great relationship together. So it doesn't have to be all grueling I so it doesn't have to be all grueling I so it doesn't have to be all grueling i. Think it's also about finding think it's also about finding think it's also about finding. Like the right cadence with with your like the right cadence with with your. Like the right cadence with with your mentor and the founder you're assigned mentor and the founder you're assigned. Mentor and the founder you're assigned to to to yeah and my and michael was pretty . And my and michael was pretty great to work with and I think great to work with and I think. Great to work with and I think that that that looking at some of the other looking at some of the other. Looking at some of the other relationships while I don't know if relationships while I don't know if. Relationships while I don't know if others joined their the companies like others joined their the companies like. Others joined their the companies like michael but I do think they they spent michael but I do think they they spent. Michael but I do think they they spent some time in in providing the matching some time in in providing the matching. Some time in in providing the matching and I think all the mentors are very and I think all the mentors are very. And I think all the mentors are very thoughtful in terms of how they thoughtful in terms of how they . Thoughtful in terms of how they helped guide us through the process yeah that's great to know I'm I'm very. Yeah that's great to know I'm I'm very excited about you know what happened excited about you know what happened. Excited about you know what happened I was also like quite surprised by the I was also like quite surprised by the. I was also like quite surprised by the level of engagement that facilitators level of engagement that facilitators. Level of engagement that facilitators were like that facilitators had and I were like that facilitators had and i. Were like that facilitators had and I was also like oh wow these days was also like oh wow these days. Was also like oh wow these days especially the first two days like we especially the first two days like we. Especially the first two days like we were like were like were like in the zoo and well I guess like was on. In the zoo and well I guess like was on in the zoo and well I guess like was on discord or something we were like in. Discord or something we were like in discord or something we were like in discord we were on. Discord we were on discord we were on let me see like we had the slides we let me see like we had the slides we. let me see like we had the slides we had the sigma you know and and also had the sigma you know and and also. Had the sigma you know and and also like to the like to the like to the folks watching like obviously like in. Folks watching like obviously like in folks watching like obviously like in person and hopefully we can do some. Person and hopefully we can do some person and hopefully we can do some in-person bootcamps sometimes and I can. In-person bootcamps sometimes and I can in-person bootcamps sometimes and I can all meet you in person. All meet you in person all meet you in person what was kind of like what surprised you. What was kind of like what surprised you what was kind of like what surprised you. About this like virtual model and like about this like virtual model and like about this like virtual model and like. like like what was your experience like like what was your experience like like what was your experience. With that format and it's it's an open with that format and it's it's an open with that format and it's it's an open. Question and then i'll start to get into question and then i'll start to get into. Question and then i'll start to get into some more specific questions again okay did you have any oh yeah ben . Okay did you have any oh yeah ben feel free to yeah go in feel free to yeah go in. Feel free to yeah go in yeah just the follow through is is yeah just the follow through is is. Yeah just the follow through is is what surprised me the most so even this what surprised me the most so even this. What surprised me the most so even this event for example is another convening event for example is another convening. Event for example is another convening of you know all the participants and of you know all the participants and. Of you know all the participants and we've we've had various conversations we've we've had various conversations. We've we've had various conversations since anka I know you've reached out since anka I know you've reached out. Since anka I know you've reached out multiple times and so i've been a part multiple times and so i've been a part. Multiple times and so i've been a part of different boot camps over the years I of different boot camps over the years i. Of different boot camps over the years I actually even worked at dfs lab for a actually even worked at dfs lab for a. Actually even worked at dfs lab for a time time time for a couple years and I think the. For a couple years and I think the for a couple years and I think the follow through from Stellar and dfs lab. Follow through from Stellar and dfs lab follow through from Stellar and dfs lab has been really fantastic and it's. Has been really fantastic and it's has been really fantastic and it's clear that this wasn't just a. Clear that this wasn't just a clear that this wasn't just a transaction you know like let's let's do. Transaction you know like let's let's do transaction you know like let's let's do. An event let's get some press around it an event let's get some press around it an event let's get some press around it. There's actually real relationships there's actually real relationships there's actually real relationships. Formed and invested in and as as a formed and invested in and as as a formed and invested in and as as a. Participant it's clear to me that that's participant it's clear to me that that's. Participant it's clear to me that that's the intent of the organizers and so i. The intent of the organizers and so I the intent of the organizers and so i. Really appreciate that and I do feel really appreciate that and I do feel really appreciate that and I do feel. Like there's kind of an emerging like there's kind of an emerging like there's kind of an emerging. Community here I don't feel like an community here I don't feel like an community here I don't feel like an. Outsider to the ecosystem so just kudos outsider to the ecosystem so just kudos outsider to the ecosystem so just kudos. To you all the organizers for for the to you all the organizers for for the. To you all the organizers for for the follow-through there and really follow-through there and really. Follow-through there and really investing in that relationship yeah yeah and kudos to you for also like. Yeah yeah and kudos to you for also like continuing your relationship on Stellar continuing your relationship on Stellar. Continuing your relationship on Stellar it is it is definitely it is it is definitely. It is it is definitely so not without its challenges right so not without its challenges right. so not without its challenges right because like it you know this space because like it you know this space. because like it you know this space is a new space is a new space is a new space. Right it's a growing space as like I right it's a growing space as like I right it's a growing space as like i. Think someone mentioned earlier like we think someone mentioned earlier like we think someone mentioned earlier like we. Have have have constantly new technology coming out and constantly new technology coming out and. Constantly new technology coming out and people will adapt to that and implement people will adapt to that and implement. People will adapt to that and implement it and grow in the network it's it's it and grow in the network it's it's. It and grow in the network it's it's it's a it's a it's a we are growing and there's growing pains. We are growing and there's growing pains we are growing and there's growing pains. Coming with this not only from coming with this not only from coming with this not only from. Technology but also from you know the technology but also from you know the technology but also from you know the. Regulatory standpoints to you know users regulatory standpoints to you know users. Regulatory standpoints to you know users users experience and kind of like work users experience and kind of like work. Users experience and kind of like work we're at the forefront of innovation so we're at the forefront of innovation so. We're at the forefront of innovation so I kind of wanted to hear a bit more I kind of wanted to hear a bit more. I kind of wanted to hear a bit more about opa's experience about opa's experience . About opa's experience in in this like well because like in in this like well because like. In in this like well because like obviously you know we've talked a lot obviously you know we've talked a lot. Obviously you know we've talked a lot about how everyone's had a great time about how everyone's had a great time. About how everyone's had a great time how everyone has grown so much but now I how everyone has grown so much but now i. How everyone has grown so much but now I also kind of like very important want to. Also kind of like very important want to also kind of like very important want to. Highlight some of the challenges and highlight some of the challenges and highlight some of the challenges and. So opel like what are some of the so opel like what are some of the so opel like what are some of the. Challenges in getting a bonus what were challenges in getting a bonus what were challenges in getting a bonus what were. Some of the challenges and getting some of the challenges and getting some of the challenges and getting. Bonafide to where it is right now bonafide to where it is right now bonafide to where it is right now. Thank you okay and I love the fact thank you okay and I love the fact thank you okay and I love the fact. That you you're trying to kind of point that you you're trying to kind of point that you you're trying to kind of point. Out the good and the bad thankfully out the good and the bad thankfully out the good and the bad thankfully. There was no ugly there was no ugly there was no ugly so I think one of the biggest challenges. So I think one of the biggest challenges so I think one of the biggest challenges. Especially for folks who are especially for folks who are especially for folks who are. Developing developing developing you know blockchain or whether it's you know blockchain or whether it's. You know blockchain or whether it's cryptocurrency specifically is cryptocurrency specifically is. Cryptocurrency specifically is navigating the the regulatory navigating the the regulatory . Navigating the the regulatory space number one space number one . Space number one it's not really clear if you're it's not really clear if you're. It's not really clear if you're following the news if you're looking at following the news if you're looking at. Following the news if you're looking at what other people are doing you tend to what other people are doing you tend to. What other people are doing you tend to think that makes it writing but might think that makes it writing but might. Think that makes it writing but might not necessarily be the writing not necessarily be the writing . Not necessarily be the writing and and and also in terms of in innovation . Also in terms of in innovation also in terms of in innovation some some countries like a bit . Some some countries like a bit some some countries like a bit should I say open around you know what's. Should I say open around you know what's should I say open around you know what's. Happening cryptocurrency I'm innovation happening cryptocurrency I'm innovation happening cryptocurrency I'm innovation. Some are kind of really closed and loves you know available companies but loves you know available companies but. It's you as the right domicile what it's you as the right domicile what it's you as the right domicile what. Does that look like for your partners does that look like for your partners . Does that look like for your partners do they like you do they love it would do they like you do they love it would. Do they like you do they love it would they want to be a delaware company but they want to be a delaware company but. They want to be a delaware company but you know a crypto license in some way or you know a crypto license in some way or. You know a crypto license in some way or some money transfer license is none of some money transfer license is none of. Some money transfer license is none of the country you know do you need one the country you know do you need one. The country you know do you need one license in the u.s license in the u.s license in the u.s. That allows you to be much out of record that allows you to be much out of record. That allows you to be much out of record but unless it's really operating in the but unless it's really operating in the. But unless it's really operating in the u.s there's a lot of things that we have u.s there's a lot of things that we have. U.s there's a lot of things that we have to kind of figure out the the ad way and. To kind of figure out the the ad way and to kind of figure out the the ad way and. I mean while this is the evolving one of I mean while this is the evolving one of. I mean while this is the evolving one of the things I kind of said after the things I kind of said after. The things I kind of said after the other boot camp and I just want to the other boot camp and I just want to. The other boot camp and I just want to repeat it yeah I'm for everybody's repeat it yeah I'm for everybody's. Repeat it yeah I'm for everybody's benefit for prosperity prosperity's sake benefit for prosperity prosperity's sake. Benefit for prosperity prosperity's sake is that it'll be helpful if is that it'll be helpful if . is that it'll be helpful if a foundation like Stellar or a consulting a foundation like Stellar or a consulting. A foundation like Stellar or a consulting foundations you know publish foundations you know publish. Foundations you know publish information out there not necessarily information out there not necessarily. Information out there not necessarily legal information you should have to legal information you should have to. Legal information you should have to consult your own lawyer about what old consult your own lawyer about what old. Consult your own lawyer about what old what works and as far as we know it I what works and as far as we know it i. What works and as far as we know it I mean they create the world on regulatory mean they create the world on regulatory. Mean they create the world on regulatory on a country by country basis what are on a country by country basis what are. On a country by country basis what are the basic things you know you need to the basic things you know you need to. The basic things you know you need to to to have me by that play point of view. To to have me by that play point of view to to have me by that play point of view. So we have to do x you know to be a so we have to do x you know to be a so we have to do x you know to be a. Pilot for example to move money for pilot for example to move money for pilot for example to move money for. Example or to just play our web tree example or to just play our web tree example or to just play our web tree. Those things would really help to foster those things would really help to foster. Those things would really help to foster innovation because the reality is folks innovation because the reality is folks. Innovation because the reality is folks are confused nobody wants to go to jail are confused nobody wants to go to jail. Are confused nobody wants to go to jail for trying to change the world right for trying to change the world right. For trying to change the world right and we all want to do good and we need and we all want to do good and we need. And we all want to do good and we need all the help we can get yes no I totally agree on that front. Yes no I totally agree on that front it's it's it can be difficult navigating it's it's it can be difficult navigating. It's it's it can be difficult navigating especially like like and not only in especially like like and not only in. Especially like like and not only in in all types of countries every country in all types of countries every country. In all types of countries every country right now every government is figuring right now every government is figuring. Right now every government is figuring out what do regulations look like around out what do regulations look like around. Out what do regulations look like around this new paradigm of internet this new paradigm of internet. This new paradigm of internet applications and I think like as a applications and I think like as a. Applications and I think like as a foundation we definitely foundation we definitely. Foundation we definitely are on the forefront of policy but are on the forefront of policy but. Are on the forefront of policy but there's always room for improvement so there's always room for improvement so. There's always room for improvement so definitely I think yeah these are all definitely I think yeah these are all. Definitely I think yeah these are all great recommendations and we should look great recommendations and we should look. Great recommendations and we should look into that for and like as we grow as a into that for and like as we grow as a. Into that for and like as we grow as a team and I think like it's not only on team and I think like it's not only on. Team and I think like it's not only on the foundations and I think it's as a the foundations and I think it's as a. The foundations and I think it's as a community as a whole community as a whole community as a whole. Being part of it like like getting each being part of it like like getting each being part of it like like getting each. Other in the know and sharing like other in the know and sharing like other in the know and sharing like. What's going on I think it's really what's going on I think it's really what's going on I think it's really. Important so we can all grow as a important so we can all grow as a important so we can all grow as a. Community anyone that wants to add to community anyone that wants to add to. Community anyone that wants to add to that because I think it's a very that because I think it's a very. That because I think it's a very important interesting aspect and also important interesting aspect and also. Important interesting aspect and also like not only challenges with like like not only challenges with like. Like not only challenges with like regulatory but also like others so I regulatory but also like others so i. Regulatory but also like others so I would love to before we kind of go would love to before we kind of go. Would love to before we kind of go into recommendations for book and into recommendations for book and. Into recommendations for book and participants I would love to like kind participants I would love to like kind. Participants I would love to like kind of like reflect on what happened hi nk I just wanted to say I think. hi nk I just wanted to say I think danielle had his hand up danielle is one danielle had his hand up danielle is one. Danielle had his hand up danielle is one of my co-founders from quidro but I of my co-founders from quidro but i. Of my co-founders from quidro but I also just wanted to sort of echo exactly also just wanted to sort of echo exactly. Also just wanted to sort of echo exactly what okay was saying but I think one of what okay was saying but I think one of. What okay was saying but I think one of the things that we're bumping into as the things that we're bumping into as. The things that we're bumping into as we're building is this whole we're building is this whole . We're building is this whole regulatory regulatory regulatory ecosystem especially in the us. ecosystem especially in the us ecosystem especially in the us and you know I'm too cute to go to jail. And you know I'm too cute to go to jail and you know I'm too cute to go to jail so I'm like I need to figure out where. So I'm like I need to figure out where so I'm like I need to figure out where exactly. Exactly exactly what exactly is going on and you know I what exactly is going on and you know i. What exactly is going on and you know I found myself going down this whole of found myself going down this whole of. Found myself going down this whole of reading about fincen and you know just a reading about fincen and you know just a. Reading about fincen and you know just a lot of information so I'm going to be lot of information so I'm going to be. Lot of information so I'm going to be hitting up me afterwards to say okay hitting up me afterwards to say okay. Hitting up me afterwards to say okay dude please what did you do and just you dude please what did you do and just you. Dude please what did you do and just you know maybe clear the way but I know know maybe clear the way but I know. Know maybe clear the way but I know that danielle also wanted to mention that danielle also wanted to mention. That danielle also wanted to mention a few things as well from his experience a few things as well from his experience. A few things as well from his experience so daniel if you're there please go so daniel if you're there please go. So daniel if you're there please go ahead thank you so thank you so hi anki hi everyone I just wanted to. Hi anki hi everyone I just wanted to hi anki hi everyone I just wanted to I think it was a question I was asked. I think it was a question I was asked I think it was a question I was asked earlier I risked mine I think somebody. Earlier I risked mine I think somebody earlier I risked mine I think somebody else also mentioned something I just. Else also mentioned something I just else also mentioned something I just wanted to say that these are my. Wanted to say that these are my wanted to say that these are my experience I think all the major thing i. Experience I think all the major thing I experience I think all the major thing i. Could pick from the boot camp could pick from the boot camp could pick from the boot camp. Was the personalized was the personalized was the personalized mentorship I think . Mentorship I think mentorship I think mr joe really did a good work because. Mr joe really did a good work because mr joe really did a good work because I'm sure some of us be. I'm sure some of us be I'm sure some of us be the engagements and the engagements and. The engagements and sometimes I feel like drifting off like sometimes I feel like drifting off like. Sometimes I feel like drifting off like okay let me just be in the meeting and okay let me just be in the meeting and. Okay let me just be in the meeting and not be in the meeting or being the whole not be in the meeting or being the whole. Not be in the meeting or being the whole thing and not being it you know but mr thing and not being it you know but mr. Thing and not being it you know but mr joe will not even give you the joe will not even give you the. Joe will not even give you the opportunity he's always engaging opportunity he's always engaging. Opportunity he's always engaging and whatever and at the end of the day and whatever and at the end of the day. And whatever and at the end of the day you realize that yes it was really worth you realize that yes it was really worth. You realize that yes it was really worth it and it and it and I really was not surprised at the fact. I really was not surprised at the fact I really was not surprised at the fact that I get I guess everyone who. That I get I guess everyone who that I get I guess everyone who participated actually came out with. Participated actually came out with participated actually came out with something and that was because of the. Something and that was because of the something and that was because of the all personalized thing in my opinion. All personalized thing in my opinion all personalized thing in my opinion everybody was carried along no matter. Everybody was carried along no matter everybody was carried along no matter what you are building you all everybody. What you are building you all everybody what you are building you all everybody got something out of it and it really. Got something out of it and it really got something out of it and it really helped and I'm sure everybody's doing. Helped and I'm sure everybody's doing helped and I'm sure everybody's doing what they need to do at this point in. What they need to do at this point in what they need to do at this point in time I just want to have that and say. Time I just want to have that and say time I just want to have that and say shout out to the scf team and . Shout out to the scf team and shout out to the scf team and the dsl lab thank you very much. The dsl lab thank you very much the dsl lab thank you very much yeah yeah I thank you so much to daniel. Yeah yeah I thank you so much to daniel yeah yeah I thank you so much to daniel I didn't realize you you had your hand. I didn't realize you you had your hand I didn't realize you you had your hand up I guess like I'm in the wrong. Up I guess like I'm in the wrong up I guess like I'm in the wrong in the wrong setting in zoom but. In the wrong setting in zoom but in the wrong setting in zoom but definitely like thanks so much for for. Definitely like thanks so much for for definitely like thanks so much for for speaking up I think you know I'm. Speaking up I think you know I'm speaking up I think you know I'm very happy that this personalized . Very happy that this personalized very happy that this personalized like feature really works and you know. Like feature really works and you know like feature really works and you know very relying here on dfs lab for the. Very relying here on dfs lab for the very relying here on dfs lab for the design sprint you know boot camp of. Design sprint you know boot camp of design sprint you know boot camp of course so joseph do you want to add a. Course so joseph do you want to add a course so joseph do you want to add a few words to that. yeah so I think that's one of the yeah so I think that's one of the things that makes. Things that makes things that makes the bootcamps quite like the bootcamps quite like. The bootcamps quite like special and engaging it's the fact that special and engaging it's the fact that. Special and engaging it's the fact that we have these mentors who are kind of we have these mentors who are kind of. We have these mentors who are kind of really working with you to make sure really working with you to make sure. Really working with you to make sure that you are not like dropping off that you are not like dropping off. That you are not like dropping off along the way and just basically you along the way and just basically you. Along the way and just basically you know trying to help you find clarity know trying to help you find clarity . Know trying to help you find clarity so we have like a bunch of so so we have like a bunch of so. So we have like a bunch of so you know you can be a player who has you know you can be a player who has. You know you can be a player who has already you know who has a ton of already you know who has a ton of. Already you know who has a ton of experience building products and has you experience building products and has you. Experience building products and has you know had money me know had money me know had money me. Or you can be phonto who just like or you can be phonto who just like or you can be phonto who just like. Started working with engineers and he's started working with engineers and he's started working with engineers and he's. Still trying to figure it out and you still trying to figure it out and you still trying to figure it out and you. Know there's there's going to be someone know there's there's going to be someone. Know there's there's going to be someone who can help you and walk you through who can help you and walk you through. Who can help you and walk you through you know you know stuff you know during you know you know stuff you know during. You know you know stuff you know during the bootcamp the bootcamp the bootcamp I think it's also very important that. I think it's also very important that I think it's also very important that. You know like everyone has spoken about you know like everyone has spoken about you know like everyone has spoken about. Like you know the involvement of the like you know the involvement of the like you know the involvement of the. Stellar team right so you know if Stellar team right so you know if Stellar team right so you know if. You wanted to understand like a business you wanted to understand like a business. You wanted to understand like a business case right for what you're building it case right for what you're building it. Case right for what you're building it was pretty easy to talk to someone and was pretty easy to talk to someone and. Was pretty easy to talk to someone and say hey help me figure this out and if say hey help me figure this out and if. Say hey help me figure this out and if you're just ready to like delve into the you're just ready to like delve into the. You're just ready to like delve into the code and you know the test nets was code and you know the test nets was. Code and you know the test nets was available that's like really stable available that's like really stable. Available that's like really stable enough for you to delve in so enough for you to delve in so. Enough for you to delve in so I think that you know that's like the I think that you know that's like the. I think that you know that's like the whole package you get you know with with. Whole package you get you know with with whole package you get you know with with. The bootcamp generally yes yes definitely thank you for for yes yes definitely thank you for for. Providing some more details around that providing some more details around that providing some more details around that. And I think like important to note is and I think like important to note is and I think like important to note is. That the bootcamp is not the end right that the bootcamp is not the end right that the bootcamp is not the end right. so so so even like oh we you know we it is not it even like oh we you know we it is not it. Even like oh we you know we it is not it did feel like the end it definitely felt. Did feel like the end it definitely felt did feel like the end it definitely felt. Like oh after these days I'm going to like oh after these days I'm going to like oh after these days I'm going to. Take I actually took a long vacation off take I actually took a long vacation off. Take I actually took a long vacation off oh like man this was a lot and you know oh like man this was a lot and you know. Oh like man this was a lot and you know everyone else like I'm so excited happy everyone else like I'm so excited happy. Everyone else like I'm so excited happy that you know like we had such a good that you know like we had such a good. That you know like we had such a good time together we really spent the energy. Time together we really spent the energy time together we really spent the energy. But you know after boot camp it is not but you know after boot camp it is not but you know after boot camp it is not. The end it's it's like it's really the the end it's it's like it's really the the end it's it's like it's really the. Beginning of of your journey on Stellar beginning of of your journey on Stellar beginning of of your journey on Stellar. And I think like that you know like I and I think like that you know like I and I think like that you know like i. Think we had very quickly after a bit think we had very quickly after a bit. Think we had very quickly after a bit too quickly actually I think we had a too quickly actually I think we had a. Too quickly actually I think we had a round of the Stellar community fund fund round of the Stellar community fund fund. Round of the Stellar community fund fund which is an open application grant which is an open application grant. which is an open application grant program to support Stellar-based program to support Stellar-based. Program to support Stellar-based projects with funding but also projects with funding but also. Projects with funding but also it's really about that it's from from it's really about that it's from from. It's really about that it's from from the community so while sdf provides the the community so while sdf provides the. The community so while sdf provides the funds in the scf which is an acronym for funds in the scf which is an acronym for. Funds in the scf which is an acronym for Stellar community fund Stellar community fund . Stellar community fund the community actually allocates it so the community actually allocates it so. The community actually allocates it so so it's a way of building your so it's a way of building your. So it's a way of building your relationship with community and then relationship with community and then. Relationship with community and then also growing so also growing so also growing so. some of you went through the sdf I think some of you went through the sdf I think. Some of you went through the sdf I think like it was a bit early stage in like like it was a bit early stage in like. Like it was a bit early stage in like where and you know as we continue to where and you know as we continue to. Where and you know as we continue to grow with the communities grow with the communities . Grow with the communities there might be more opportunity there there might be more opportunity there. There might be more opportunity there will be more opportunities we have will be more opportunities we have. Will be more opportunities we have current round open but one particular current round open but one particular . Current round open but one particular project that went through is cuidroo and. Project that went through is cuidroo and project that went through is cuidroo and. Kweduru I would love to hear your kweduru I would love to hear your kweduru I would love to hear your. Experience and kind of like experience and kind of like experience and kind of like. Talk a bit about your your experience talk a bit about your your experience talk a bit about your your experience. With the Stellar community fund and yeah with the Stellar community fund and yeah with the Stellar community fund and yeah. Explain that yeah you were a winner explain that yeah you were a winner explain that yeah you were a winner. Yeah so thank you so much okay so yeah so thank you so much okay so yeah so thank you so much okay so . And I first of all again I have to say and I first of all again I have to say and I first of all again I have to say. Thank you because you definitely prodded thank you because you definitely prodded. Thank you because you definitely prodded us to make sure that we applied us to make sure that we applied. Us to make sure that we applied and I think there was still a bit of and I think there was still a bit of. and I think there was still a bit of the fatigue from the boot camp and we're the fatigue from the boot camp and we're. The fatigue from the boot camp and we're like yeah we'll apply it but anchor like yeah we'll apply it but anchor. Like yeah we'll apply it but anchor really really really followed up and really really really followed up and. Really really really followed up and just said you guys need to get on on top just said you guys need to get on on top. Just said you guys need to get on on top of this and which we did and I'm very of this and which we did and I'm very. Of this and which we did and I'm very grateful for that because that grateful for that because that. Grateful for that because that opportunity allowed us to get opportunity allowed us to get. Opportunity allowed us to get funding of I think was that five funding of I think was that five. Funding of I think was that five thousand dollars which has helped us to thousand dollars which has helped us to. Thousand dollars which has helped us to like I mentioned earlier on hire like like I mentioned earlier on hire like. Like I mentioned earlier on hire like four engineers we're going to do a bit four engineers we're going to do a bit. Four engineers we're going to do a bit of a marketing blitz right now and of a marketing blitz right now and. Of a marketing blitz right now and some other cool things and honestly if some other cool things and honestly if. Some other cool things and honestly if we didn't get that funding from the we didn't get that funding from the. We didn't get that funding from the community fund you know I would be community fund you know I would be. Community fund you know I would be running around like a chicken without running around like a chicken without. Running around like a chicken without his head looking for money right now his head looking for money right now. His head looking for money right now and that has just given us enough time and that has just given us enough time. And that has just given us enough time to sort of really build and build the to sort of really build and build the. To sort of really build and build the way we want to build so I'm super way we want to build so I'm super. Way we want to build so I'm super excited I mean one of the things that excited I mean one of the things that. Excited I mean one of the things that you know we you know we you know we I mean you mentioned discord earlier on. I mean you mentioned discord earlier on I mean you mentioned discord earlier on right which is this. Right which is this right which is this interesting interesting interesting online platform where the developers and. Online platform where the developers and online platform where the developers and. Different three people chime in different three people chime in different three people chime in. And one of the things that that and one of the things that that and one of the things that that. Process allowed me to process allowed me to process allowed me to allow myself and daniel to sort of. Allow myself and daniel to sort of allow myself and daniel to sort of really really . Really to do was to hone our our our our to do was to hone our our our our to do was to hone our our our our. Product product product and and be able to explain to anybody and and be able to explain to anybody. And and be able to explain to anybody who didn't know anything about what we who didn't know anything about what we. Who didn't know anything about what we were trying to do right and we received were trying to do right and we received. Were trying to do right and we received a few questions where I was like huh and a few questions where I was like huh and. A few questions where I was like huh and then you know someone would ask the then you know someone would ask the. Then you know someone would ask the question and just go in and i'll question and just go in and i'll. Question and just go in and i'll scramble back with you know i'll see scramble back with you know i'll see. Scramble back with you know i'll see yesterday i'll be like how do we this is yesterday i'll be like how do we this is. Yesterday i'll be like how do we this is a value point what do we do how do we a value point what do we do how do we. A value point what do we do how do we solve this problem so again it was solve this problem so again it was. Solve this problem so again it was teasing us a lot of you know issues teasing us a lot of you know issues. Teasing us a lot of you know issues questions that we needed to start questions that we needed to start. Questions that we needed to start thinking about and thinking about it you thinking about and thinking about it you. Thinking about and thinking about it you know know know really deeply so and the process wasn't. Really deeply so and the process wasn't really deeply so and the process wasn't difficult to be honest we just had to. Difficult to be honest we just had to difficult to be honest we just had to apply and just again make a case for. Apply and just again make a case for apply and just again make a case for what we needed the funds for. What we needed the funds for what we needed the funds for and we didn't ask for too much money. and we didn't ask for too much money and we didn't ask for too much money we just asked for really what we needed. We just asked for really what we needed we just asked for really what we needed which I think is also very critical . Which I think is also very critical which I think is also very critical and we got it so again I'm super excited. And we got it so again I'm super excited and we got it so again I'm super excited. I can't say enough about this whole I can't say enough about this whole I can't say enough about this whole. Process you know I you know like I process you know I you know like I process you know I you know like i. Said I you know we're building and I'm said I you know we're building and I'm said I you know we're building and I'm. So excited and you know when I talk to so excited and you know when I talk to so excited and you know when I talk to. Other founders that I know and you know other founders that I know and you know other founders that I know and you know. I think after that experience everybody I think after that experience everybody I think after that experience everybody. I mentioned were like please where do I mentioned were like please where do I mentioned were like please where do i. Sign up so I'm expecting that all the sign up so I'm expecting that all the sign up so I'm expecting that all the. Founders that I know are you know going founders that I know are you know going founders that I know are you know going. To apply for this bootcamp because again to apply for this bootcamp because again. To apply for this bootcamp because again it's giving us just that opportunity to it's giving us just that opportunity to. It's giving us just that opportunity to be able to build in a way that we're not be able to build in a way that we're not. Be able to build in a way that we're not rushed to give us a bit more runway I rushed to give us a bit more runway i. Rushed to give us a bit more runway I would say and the process was not would say and the process was not. Would say and the process was not difficult and there was a lot of helpful difficult and there was a lot of helpful. Difficult and there was a lot of helpful people you know chiming in asking people you know chiming in asking. People you know chiming in asking questions sort of prodding what we're questions sort of prodding what we're. Questions sort of prodding what we're trying to do trying to do trying to do and . And and yeah and we got the money so yay thank yeah and we got the money so yay thank. Yeah and we got the money so yay thank you thank you thank you scf yes yes yes you thank you thank you scf yes yes yes. You thank you thank you scf yes yes yes yeah I'm I'm very excited about that yeah I'm I'm very excited about that. Yeah I'm I'm very excited about that now I don't know if daniel wants to see now I don't know if daniel wants to see. Now I don't know if daniel wants to see something but yeah so we're we've something but yeah so we're we've. Something but yeah so we're we've been in the trenches together and and I been in the trenches together and and i. Been in the trenches together and and I will say that you know that funding will say that you know that funding. Will say that you know that funding has allowed us like I said to hire more has allowed us like I said to hire more. Has allowed us like I said to hire more engineers and I think we're 60 of the engineers and I think we're 60 of the. Engineers and I think we're 60 of the way way way so again like I said very soon we're. so again like I said very soon we're so again like I said very soon we're going to have a product and it would not. Going to have a product and it would not going to have a product and it would not. Have been have been have been possible without again this funding this possible without again this funding this. Possible without again this funding this intervention and to just even know that intervention and to just even know that. Intervention and to just even know that we could always come back we could always come back. We could always come back and the other thing I have to mention and the other thing I have to mention. And the other thing I have to mention quickly to anybody who's watching is quickly to anybody who's watching is. Quickly to anybody who's watching is this is like non-dilutive so it wasn't this is like non-dilutive so it wasn't. This is like non-dilutive so it wasn't nobody asked for equity nobody asked for nobody asked for equity nobody asked for. Nobody asked for equity nobody asked for anything this was just okay we believe anything this was just okay we believe. Anything this was just okay we believe in your in your products will be leaving in your in your products will be leaving. In your in your products will be leaving your idea here's money that good good your idea here's money that good good. Your idea here's money that good good build and let's see what you have so build and let's see what you have so. Build and let's see what you have so again I can't even say enough of it I again I can't even say enough of it i. Again I can't even say enough of it I hope everybody who's listening signs up hope everybody who's listening signs up. Hope everybody who's listening signs up signs up for the boot camp so that you signs up for the boot camp so that you. Signs up for the boot camp so that you can then be recommended for can then be recommended for. Can then be recommended for the scf I can't say it enough so the scf I can't say it enough so. the scf I can't say it enough so thank you anki yeah yeah awesome yeah I thank you anki yeah yeah awesome yeah i. Thank you anki yeah yeah awesome yeah I mean thank you honestly like I think and mean thank you honestly like I think and. Mean thank you honestly like I think and for like weekend they also can't control. For like weekend they also can't control for like weekend they also can't control. Their community so while I can always their community so while I can always their community so while I can always. Encourage you to sign up it's really for encourage you to sign up it's really for. Encourage you to sign up it's really for scf it's the community of both here so scf it's the community of both here so. Scf it's the community of both here so that's a really well the validation and that's a really well the validation and. That's a really well the validation and for any anyone watching like it's a for any anyone watching like it's a. For any anyone watching like it's a great experience but we are coming up on great experience but we are coming up on. Great experience but we are coming up on time very soon there is one time very soon there is one . Time very soon there is one question for honeycomb that I really question for honeycomb that I really. Question for honeycomb that I really wanted to dive into and then dive wanted to dive into and then dive. Wanted to dive into and then dive into like some quick recommendations into like some quick recommendations. Into like some quick recommendations before we kind of enter let's before we kind of enter let's. Before we kind of enter let's talk about some details about the boot talk about some details about the boot. Talk about some details about the boot camp since we did start a little bit camp since we did start a little bit. Camp since we did start a little bit later so if you need to hop later so if you need to hop . Later so if you need to hop don't don't be shy but yeah so so don't don't be shy but yeah so so. don't don't be shy but yeah so so david and dominic they delved into your david and dominic they delved into your. David and dominic they delved into your project yet but actually your project project yet but actually your project. Project yet but actually your project doesn't only use Stellar it also uses. Doesn't only use Stellar it also uses doesn't only use Stellar it also uses. Multiple change and multiple change and multiple change and I would love to for you to give a bit of. I would love to for you to give a bit of I would love to for you to give a bit of. Details about that and what does that details about that and what does that details about that and what does that. Multi-chain future look like and how multi-chain future look like and how multi-chain future look like and how. Does Stellar really fit in yeah thanks for asking that thank you yeah thanks for asking that thank you. I'm super happy to join in there so I'm super happy to join in there so I'm super happy to join in there so. Yeah and you're absolutely right like yeah and you're absolutely right like yeah and you're absolutely right like. For us you know we for us you know we for us you know we we are strong believers in. We are strong believers in we are strong believers in interoperability and and in building. Interoperability and and in building interoperability and and in building bridges so that like. Bridges so that like bridges so that like there's there's better interaction there's there's better interaction. There's there's better interaction across chains because because there's across chains because because there's. Across chains because because there's also like you know some value props that also like you know some value props that. Also like you know some value props that may come from one chain that can be may come from one chain that can be. May come from one chain that can be found that might not actually be found found that might not actually be found. Found that might not actually be found on another one and and for us and on an on another one and and for us and on an. On another one and and for us and on an infrastructure level what we've infrastructure level what we've. Infrastructure level what we've essentially built is like a cross-train essentially built is like a cross-train. Essentially built is like a cross-train bridge for six different blockchains so bridge for six different blockchains so. Bridge for six different blockchains so that would include cello and polygon that would include cello and polygon. That would include cello and polygon ethereum Stellar ethereum Stellar ethereum Stellar. bitcoin bitcoin bitcoin and flow as well and flow as well and flow as well. Oh and harmony and and why that's oh and harmony and and why that's oh and harmony and and why that's. Important to us is we believe that in important to us is we believe that in important to us is we believe that in. Order to like you know create true order to like you know create true order to like you know create true. Utility like we want to actually build utility like we want to actually build utility like we want to actually build. Like a multi-chain platform that allows like a multi-chain platform that allows like a multi-chain platform that allows. Folks to one benefit from the folks to one benefit from the folks to one benefit from the. Value props that a particular blockchain value props that a particular blockchain. Value props that a particular blockchain might provide but why Stellar is such a might provide but why Stellar is such a. Might provide but why Stellar is such a key component key component key component of that bridging is one the automated. Of that bridging is one the automated of that bridging is one the automated marketing making functionality on stella. Marketing making functionality on Stellar marketing making functionality on stella. Is is is a lot more affordable and allows for a lot more affordable and allows for. A lot more affordable and allows for a lot more a lot more a lot more modifiability than other chains might. Modifiability than other chains might modifiability than other chains might might also provide but you know tying in. Might also provide but you know tying in might also provide but you know tying in. One the affordability of the blockchain one the affordability of the blockchain one the affordability of the blockchain. two the fact that it's it's very two the fact that it's it's very two the fact that it's it's very. Programmable in comparison to like programmable in comparison to like programmable in comparison to like. Other blockchains as well allows us then other blockchains as well allows us then. Other blockchains as well allows us then to build frameworks and protocols on top. To build frameworks and protocols on top to build frameworks and protocols on top. Of Stellar that we can then leverage in of Stellar that we can then leverage in of Stellar that we can then leverage in. Our cross chain bridges so that can be our cross chain bridges so that can be our cross chain bridges so that can be. For swaps which already provide so like for swaps which already provide so like for swaps which already provide so like. Imagine swapping usdc from xlm to imagine swapping usdc from xlm to imagine swapping usdc from xlm to. Ethereum or imagine escorting a ethereum or imagine escorting a ethereum or imagine escorting a. Transaction on polygon and receiving it transaction on polygon and receiving it transaction on polygon and receiving it. On a different chain like like Stellar on a different chain like like Stellar . On a different chain like like Stellar for us Stellar for us Stellar for us stella. Stellar as a blockchain Stellar as a blockchain Stellar as a blockchain provides the interoperability and and. Provides the interoperability and and provides the interoperability and and programmable nature that allows us to. Programmable nature that allows us to programmable nature that allows us to then build like you know really cool. Then build like you know really cool then build like you know really cool products around the use cases that we're. Products around the use cases that we're products around the use cases that we're. Trying to power on top of multiple trying to power on top of multiple trying to power on top of multiple. Chains which is super exciting to us yeah I think I think this is a yeah yeah I think I think this is a yeah. Thank you so much for bringing us up and thank you so much for bringing us up and. Thank you so much for bringing us up and for explaining that multi-chain nature for explaining that multi-chain nature. For explaining that multi-chain nature of honeycomb and I think that's also of honeycomb and I think that's also. Of honeycomb and I think that's also like where the future's headed right I like where the future's headed right i. Like where the future's headed right I think like we are kind of in the think like we are kind of in the. Think like we are kind of in the early days of the internet so to speak early days of the internet so to speak. Early days of the internet so to speak like in the 1980s 1990s like when you like in the 1980s 1990s like when you. Like in the 1980s 1990s like when you know like internet started to browse up know like internet started to browse up. Know like internet started to browse up you have all these different things and you have all these different things and. You have all these different things and you know we're all growing as an you know we're all growing as an. You know we're all growing as an ecosystem and and to find like ecosystem and and to find like. Ecosystem and and to find like interoperability where needed to really interoperability where needed to really. Interoperability where needed to really because the end goal really is to because the end goal really is to. Because the end goal really is to provide support or provide support or provide support or. Answer the needs for your user audience answer the needs for your user audience answer the needs for your user audience. Right whichever way is best so I'm right whichever way is best so I'm right whichever way is best so I'm. Very excited for that and I'm also very very excited for that and I'm also very very excited for that and I'm also very. Excited that david and nominee to see excited that david and nominee to see excited that david and nominee to see. Your product really grow your product really grow your product really grow and also receive funding but we are. and also receive funding but we are and also receive funding but we are definitely definitely on time now and i. Definitely definitely on time now and I definitely definitely on time now and I just you know before we dive into kind. Just you know before we dive into kind just you know before we dive into kind of like a bit of the details of the boot. Of like a bit of the details of the boot of like a bit of the details of the boot. Camps and the discussion camps and the discussion camps and the discussion I wanted from each of from whoever. I wanted from each of from whoever I wanted from each of from whoever. Wants to give give their opinion a wants to give give their opinion a wants to give give their opinion a. Kind of like if you were kind of like if you were kind of like if you were like if you were all going all over. Like if you were all going all over like if you were all going all over again you would apply to the boot camp. Again you would apply to the boot camp again you would apply to the boot camp like what would you really what would. Like what would you really what would like what would you really what would you recommend new boot camp . You recommend new boot camp you recommend new boot camp participants . Participants participants to for yeah to do to do or like for to for yeah to do to do or like for. to for yeah to do to do or like for any advice you wanted to give I think I can chime in there first. I think I can chime in there first I would say just keep an open mind the. I would say just keep an open mind the I would say just keep an open mind the thing that you think you might be. Thing that you think you might be thing that you think you might be entering that we're going to build might. Entering that we're going to build might entering that we're going to build might. Not be the actual thing that you'd end not be the actual thing that you'd end not be the actual thing that you'd end. Up building which is a very up building which is a very up building which is a very. It's very good to be open minded if you it's very good to be open minded if you it's very good to be open minded if you. Stay rigid it might limit you from you stay rigid it might limit you from you stay rigid it might limit you from you. Know the very thing that you probably know the very thing that you probably know the very thing that you probably. Would you know be more better off would you know be more better off would you know be more better off. Building instead of the one that you had building instead of the one that you had. Building instead of the one that you had in your mind going into the boost yeah go go ahead it's free for all now. Yeah go go ahead it's free for all now okay so I think my advice to other okay so I think my advice to other. Okay so I think my advice to other people who are coming in is people who are coming in is . People who are coming in is to to to just have an open mind like I said just have an open mind like I said. Just have an open mind like I said earlier on the kind of value that you earlier on the kind of value that you. Earlier on the kind of value that you can get from the can get from the can get from the. Stellar  Stellar Stellar blockchain network which is more like blockchain network which is more like . Blockchain network which is more like it's a network not just a bootcamp so I it's a network not just a bootcamp so i. It's a network not just a bootcamp so I think this is think this is think this is. That kind of perspective on the value of that kind of perspective on the value of. That kind of perspective on the value of this bootcamp I think something else this bootcamp I think something else. This bootcamp I think something else just some general advice for founders just some general advice for founders. Just some general advice for founders out there out there out there I think my co-founder chris mentioned. I think my co-founder chris mentioned I think my co-founder chris mentioned that it's really important to have a. That it's really important to have a that it's really important to have a product that that's relatable that's. Product that that's relatable that's product that that's relatable that's easy to onboard that really takes out. Easy to onboard that really takes out easy to onboard that really takes out and abstracts away the some of the. And abstracts away the some of the and abstracts away the some of the complexities of the. Complexities of the complexities of the early internet like anchor said and I early internet like anchor said and i. Early internet like anchor said and I think for me the other component which think for me the other component which. Think for me the other component which is something that I found to is something that I found to. Is something that I found to from phone bank is from phone bank is from phone bank is. Solving problems solving problems solving problems in africa right now you know and a lot. In africa right now you know and a lot in africa right now you know and a lot of those problems are how can we get. Of those problems are how can we get of those problems are how can we get more young people jobs how can we get. More young people jobs how can we get more young people jobs how can we get more young people. More young people more young people earning in the gig economy how can we earning in the gig economy how can we. Earning in the gig economy how can we likely leave them of some of their daily likely leave them of some of their daily. Likely leave them of some of their daily expenses whether it's air time or data expenses whether it's air time or data. Expenses whether it's air time or data or whatever else you know just or whatever else you know just. Or whatever else you know just whatever it is you can do to help these whatever it is you can do to help these. Whatever it is you can do to help these young people their pockets and they are young people their pockets and they are. Young people their pockets and they are not living I think it's really going to not living I think it's really going to. Not living I think it's really going to go go go a long way in addressing those problems. A long way in addressing those problems a long way in addressing those problems and and as someone who's running growth. And and as someone who's running growth and and as someone who's running growth activities for phone bank it really. Activities for phone bank it really activities for phone bank it really makes it easy to sell the product I'm. Makes it easy to sell the product I'm makes it easy to sell the product I'm having the easiest time selling the. Having the easiest time selling the having the easiest time selling the product product. Product because I'm just telling people look because I'm just telling people look. Because I'm just telling people look this is something that could help you this is something that could help you . This is something that could help you save up on your airtime and your data save up on your airtime and your data. Save up on your airtime and your data bills per month you know that's a very bills per month you know that's a very. Bills per month you know that's a very strong proposition so strong proposition so. Strong proposition so those two points for me I was going to say I was going to say . You know I would encourage everybody to you know I would encourage everybody to you know I would encourage everybody to. Just apply apply for the bootcamp just apply apply for the bootcamp just apply apply for the bootcamp. You know don't you know don't you know don't you know I mean yeah just apply because. You know I mean yeah just apply because you know I mean yeah just apply because I think you know once you sort of get. I think you know once you sort of get I think you know once you sort of get over the hump of application and you get. Over the hump of application and you get over the hump of application and you get. Accepted it sort of unfolds and unfolds accepted it sort of unfolds and unfolds accepted it sort of unfolds and unfolds. Itself where you know the the amount itself where you know the the amount itself where you know the the amount. Of support of support of support both technical and just both technical and just. both technical and just emotional and you know everything comes emotional and you know everything comes. Emotional and you know everything comes into play into play into play but also. but also but also you know the opportunities that this you know the opportunities that this. You know the opportunities that this wall sort of opens up like you said I wall sort of opens up like you said i. Wall sort of opens up like you said I think you know anybody who's in doubt as think you know anybody who's in doubt as. Think you know anybody who's in doubt as to whether this is a wave of the future to whether this is a wave of the future. To whether this is a wave of the future or not needs to you really get with the or not needs to you really get with the. Or not needs to you really get with the program and so to be part of of of this program and so to be part of of of this. Program and so to be part of of of this sort of not necessarily wild wild west sort of not necessarily wild wild west. Sort of not necessarily wild wild west but I think that unfolding be part of but I think that unfolding be part of. But I think that unfolding be part of that journey is very critical that journey is very critical. That journey is very critical and again you're we're all part of a and again you're we're all part of a. and again you're we're all part of a network now of people who are sort of network now of people who are sort of. Network now of people who are sort of trying to figure this out together so trying to figure this out together so. Trying to figure this out together so you're not by yourself you're not alone you're not by yourself you're not alone. You're not by yourself you're not alone so again i'll just say please please so again i'll just say please please. so again i'll just say please please please please please apply and opportunities will sort of. Apply and opportunities will sort of apply and opportunities will sort of you know one thing sort of builds up. You know one thing sort of builds up you know one thing sort of builds up after the other you do this and then. After the other you do this and then after the other you do this and then another opportunity opens up you know . Another opportunity opens up you know another opportunity opens up you know . You know through anki's suggestion we you know through anki's suggestion we. You know through anki's suggestion we applied for the berkeley accelerator applied for the berkeley accelerator. Applied for the berkeley accelerator program and you know hopefully we'll program and you know hopefully we'll. Program and you know hopefully we'll we'll get into the program knock on wood we'll get into the program knock on wood. We'll get into the program knock on wood but those are opportunities that we but those are opportunities that we. But those are opportunities that we would never have ever thought about would never have ever thought about. Would never have ever thought about you know if again we didn't even you know if again we didn't even. you know if again we didn't even apply for the you know the boot camp so apply for the you know the boot camp so. Apply for the you know the boot camp so again please please please if you're again please please please if you're. Again please please please if you're listening just apply just start start listening just apply just start start. Listening just apply just start start the application and don't leave it too the application and don't leave it too. The application and don't leave it too late make sure you hit the deadline late make sure you hit the deadline. Late make sure you hit the deadline apply yeah I love that I love that just apply. Yeah I love that I love that just apply and also you're not alone in the space and also you're not alone in the space. And also you're not alone in the space like it's it's like there's like I think like it's it's like there's like I think. Like it's it's like there's like I think like because we're all here like we're like because we're all here like we're. Like because we're all here like we're all together at you know all struggling all together at you know all struggling. All together at you know all struggling we're all like building on furthering we're all like building on furthering. We're all like building on furthering innovation and it's not easy and so innovation and it's not easy and so. Innovation and it's not easy and so we're together as a community and also we're together as a community and also. We're together as a community and also the Stellar community I'm I'm I'm very the Stellar community I'm I'm I'm very. The Stellar community I'm I'm I'm very closely connected with and I think closely connected with and I think. Closely connected with and I think that's a really great place to get that's a really great place to get. That's a really great place to get started as well and you know like thank started as well and you know like thank. Started as well and you know like thank you for for your I just quickly you for for your I just quickly. You for for your I just quickly quickly wanted to because like one thing quickly wanted to because like one thing. Quickly wanted to because like one thing that's from ope and and also like wanted. That's from ope and and also like wanted that's from ope and and also like wanted. To hear since like what opportunities to hear since like what opportunities. To hear since like what opportunities and kind of like in in the investment and kind of like in in the investment. And kind of like in in the investment advice like a like what are their advice like a like what are their . Advice like a like what are their what are the opportunities like and into what are the opportunities like and into. What are the opportunities like and into getting investment in this space look getting investment in this space look. Getting investment in this space look like and like what is your advice for like and like what is your advice for. Like and like what is your advice for for for for for for for future bootcamp participants. future bootcamp participants future bootcamp participants yeah I would I would quickly talk. Yeah I would I would quickly talk yeah I would I would quickly talk about that definitely webtree is very. About that definitely webtree is very about that definitely webtree is very. Odds now and odds now and odds now and clearly companies that didn't stop in. Clearly companies that didn't stop in clearly companies that didn't stop in this space as long as there's a real. This space as long as there's a real this space as long as there's a real job to be done for users there are. Job to be done for users there are job to be done for users there are investors that are willing to back you. Investors that are willing to back you investors that are willing to back you but the challenge with a lot of. But the challenge with a lot of but the challenge with a lot of entrepreneurs is figuring out how to. Entrepreneurs is figuring out how to entrepreneurs is figuring out how to reach out to those investors how do you. Reach out to those investors how do you reach out to those investors how do you get coinbase. Get coinbase get coinbase how do you get cracking how do you get how do you get cracking how do you get. How do you get cracking how do you get you know Stellar you know Stellar you know stella. On your captive I would say this is on your captive I would say this is on your captive I would say this is. One of those those ways you can start one of those those ways you can start. One of those those ways you can start getting to some zombies inwards so yes getting to some zombies inwards so yes. Getting to some zombies inwards so yes I'm following from those words yeah I'm following from those words yeah. I'm following from those words yeah please please please click on that body I'm your business on. Click on that body I'm your business on click on that body I'm your business on webtree apply. Webtree apply webtree apply for the next bootcamp amazing all right well i've kept you. Amazing all right well i've kept you here long enough longer than you wanted here long enough longer than you wanted. Here long enough longer than you wanted to to to no but you know thank you so much. no but you know thank you so much no but you know thank you so much to each and every one of. To each and every one of to each and every one of you like I am I am so excited and i. You like I am I am so excited and I you like I am I am so excited and I honestly like I feel very proud. Honestly like I feel very proud honestly like I feel very proud of what we've accomplished and I'm very. Of what we've accomplished and I'm very of what we've accomplished and I'm very proud of all of your all of your. Proud of all of your all of your proud of all of your all of your growth I take it personally. Growth I take it personally growth I take it personally it's like i've been part of this process. It's like i've been part of this process it's like i've been part of this process. And I feel like it's kind of like part and I feel like it's kind of like part and I feel like it's kind of like part. Of of your growth so definitely of of your growth so definitely of of your growth so definitely . You know are very excited and also you you know are very excited and also you you know are very excited and also you. Know like going into that we have know like going into that we have know like going into that we have. Another another another boot camp coming up boot camp coming up boot camp coming up. I am super excited and I would love I am super excited and I would love I am super excited and I would love. Joseph if you wanted to I'm going to joseph if you wanted to I'm going to joseph if you wanted to I'm going to. Share my screen so we actually have some share my screen so we actually have some. Share my screen so we actually have some fancy slides coming up one second fancy slides coming up one second. Fancy slides coming up one second for joseph to present and then we can for joseph to present and then we can. for joseph to present and then we can we can start to end the boot camp but we can start to end the boot camp but. We can start to end the boot camp but not and this the discussion of not and this the discussion of. Not and this the discussion of beautiful growth among these beautiful growth among these. beautiful growth among these companies so joseph take it away companies so joseph take it away. Companies so joseph take it away yeah so you know it's like we've spent yeah so you know it's like we've spent. Yeah so you know it's like we've spent like the past like our floors talking like the past like our floors talking. Like the past like our floors talking about the boots camp and we're we about the boots camp and we're we. About the boots camp and we're we have another one coming up it's a have another one coming up it's a. Have another one coming up it's a three-day virtual boot camp three-day virtual boot camp . Three-day virtual boot camp where where where we basically work with you know teams to. We basically work with you know teams to we basically work with you know teams to. Go from you know your idea to a go from you know your idea to a go from you know your idea to a. Prototype in those three days and prototype in those three days and prototype in those three days and. The idea is to basically help you like the idea is to basically help you like the idea is to basically help you like. Think fast and think through like some think fast and think through like some think fast and think through like some. Of the problems you face some of the of the problems you face some of the of the problems you face some of the. Challenges you face and then kind of challenges you face and then kind of challenges you face and then kind of. Come to like come to like come to like a very simple like you know solution a very simple like you know solution. A very simple like you know solution that you can immediately like start that you can immediately like start. That you can immediately like start playing around with you get to work playing around with you get to work. Playing around with you get to work with mentors you know whatever with mentors you know whatever. With mentors you know whatever idea you have you you'll have a idea you have you you'll have a. idea you have you you'll have a mentor to work with you have the mentor to work with you have the. Mentor to work with you have the exciting exciting exciting amazing team from sdf that everyone has. Amazing team from sdf that everyone has amazing team from sdf that everyone has been talking about so far to also guide. Been talking about so far to also guide been talking about so far to also guide you from anything you know from. You from anything you know from you from anything you know from business cases to technical . Business cases to technical business cases to technical challenges and then even past like. Challenges and then even past like challenges and then even past like the boots camp you have all that support. The boots camp you have all that support the boots camp you have all that support. Still you still have the community still you still have the community still you still have the community . You you you there's going to be a demo day at the there's going to be a demo day at the. There's going to be a demo day at the end of the boots camp where you present end of the boots camp where you present. End of the boots camp where you present you know your prototype and we are you you know your prototype and we are you. You know your prototype and we are you know awarding prizes with the sdf for know awarding prizes with the sdf for. Know awarding prizes with the sdf for the foundation from anywhere from you the foundation from anywhere from you. The foundation from anywhere from you know five thousand know five thousand know five thousand. To twenty thousand dollars a lot of to twenty thousand dollars a lot of to twenty thousand dollars a lot of . Excellent and so and there's of excellent and so and there's of excellent and so and there's of. Course like funto has pointed out course like funto has pointed out course like funto has pointed out. Opportunity for follow-up funding you opportunity for follow-up funding you. Opportunity for follow-up funding you know from a bunch of you know know from a bunch of you know. Know from a bunch of you know people including the Stellar the wider people including the Stellar the wider. People including the Stellar the wider Stellar community itself Stellar community itself. Stellar community itself so applications are ongoing now you so applications are ongoing now you. so applications are ongoing now you should definitely apply should definitely apply. Should definitely apply you just go to the link as seen on you just go to the link as seen on. you just go to the link as seen on this screen and apply we you know this screen and apply we you know. This screen and apply we you know extended the application date again just extended the application date again just. Extended the application date again just so like more people can get get the so like more people can get get the. So like more people can get get the opportunity so applications close on the opportunity so applications close on the. Opportunity so applications close on the 27th so please please please do apply. 27th so please please please do apply 27th so please please please do apply. It's really it's it's like it's it's really it's it's like it's it's really it's it's like it's . It's it's challenging in many ways it's it's challenging in many ways it's it's challenging in many ways . But it's also like very rewarding I but it's also like very rewarding I but it's also like very rewarding I i. Can assure you and just like you know can assure you and just like you know can assure you and just like you know. Most of the panelists here said like most of the panelists here said like most of the panelists here said like. It's it's really it's a really great it's it's really it's a really great it's it's really it's a really great. Opportunity yeah thanks you did you did awesome well thank you so much everyone awesome well thank you so much everyone. Awesome well thank you so much everyone for being here for being here for being here. For sharing your stories for your for sharing your stories for your for sharing your stories for your. Experience and I really look forward to experience and I really look forward to experience and I really look forward to. Your growth as companies please keep me your growth as companies please keep me your growth as companies please keep me. Updated and stay in the Stellar updated and stay in the Stellar updated and stay in the Stellar. Community and the sdf because the stf is community and the sdf because the stf is. Community and the sdf because the stf is also upcoming also upcoming also upcoming. And definitely has a lot of and definitely has a lot of and definitely has a lot of. Opportunities this round opportunities this round opportunities this round and yeah I'm excited to hear from you. and yeah I'm excited to hear from you and yeah I'm excited to hear from you. And definitely to all of future bootcamp and definitely to all of future bootcamp. And definitely to all of future bootcamp participating participants watching participating participants watching. Participating participants watching applications are open as joseph applications are open as joseph. Applications are open as joseph mentioned and definitely apply mentioned and definitely apply. Mentioned and definitely apply so thank you so much again to everyone so thank you so much again to everyone. So thank you so much again to everyone really grateful for your work and yeah really grateful for your work and yeah. Really grateful for your work and yeah let's stay in touch.
