Hi everyone welcome to the Stellar hi everyone welcome to the Stellar development foundations engineering talk. Development foundations engineering talk development foundations engineering talk. Series my name is Lee McCulloch and I'm series my name is Lee McCulloch and I'm series my name is Lee McCulloch and I'm. A software engineer at the foundation a software engineer at the foundation a software engineer at the foundation. I'm one of the people working on I'm one of the people working on I'm one of the people working on. Improving the experience that improving the experience that improving the experience that. Individuals have using Stellar and the individuals have using Stellar and the individuals have using Stellar and the. Businesses have building on still and businesses have building on still and businesses have building on still and. Today I'm talking about Stellar today I'm talking about Stellar today I'm talking about Stellar. Ecosystem proposal 30 sep 30 is an ecosystem proposal 30 sep 30 is an ecosystem proposal 30 sep 30 is an. Approach to make still a key management approach to make still a key management approach to make still a key management. User-friendly in products built on user-friendly in products built on user-friendly in products built on. Stellar Stellar Stellar so a user friendly team andr is maybe a so a user friendly team andr is maybe a. So a user friendly team andr is maybe a bold statement to make bold statement to make. Bold statement to make because key management is rarely user because key management is rarely user. Because key management is rarely user friendly but that's what we're going to friendly but that's what we're going to. Friendly but that's what we're going to talk about today first I'm going to set talk about today first I'm going to set. Talk about today first I'm going to set some context and touch on what key some context and touch on what key. Some context and touch on what key management looks like on the Stellar management looks like on the Stellar. Management looks like on the Stellar network how key management relates to network how key management relates to. Network how key management relates to Louis and then some common approaches Louis and then some common approaches. Louis and then some common approaches that while it's take in the Stellar that while it's take in the Stellar. That while it's take in the Stellar ecosystem and in the blockchain space in ecosystem and in the blockchain space in. Ecosystem and in the blockchain space in general then we'll jump into the general then we'll jump into the. General then we'll jump into the approach taken by a SEP 30 or through an approach taken by a SEP 30 or through an. Approach taken by a SEP 30 or through an example step by step of how Sept 30 example step by step of how Sept 30. Example step by step of how Sept 30 works and then reflect on why this is works and then reflect on why this is. Works and then reflect on why this is valuable we'll also have a Q&A at the valuable we'll also have a Q&A at the. Valuable we'll also have a Q&A at the end so if you have any questions during. End so if you have any questions during end so if you have any questions during the talk please drop them into the. The talk please drop them into the the talk please drop them into the YouTube chat box and we'll get to them. YouTube chat box and we'll get to them YouTube chat box and we'll get to them at the end so what is key management and. At the end so what is key management and at the end so what is key management and. Why do we care at the core of owning a why do we care at the core of owning a why do we care at the core of owning a. Stellar account or an account on many Stellar account or an account on many Stellar account or an account on many. Blockchains is being in possession of a blockchains is being in possession of a blockchains is being in possession of a. Key on the Stellar network if you have key on the Stellar network if you have key on the Stellar network if you have. An account you have a key for that an account you have a key for that an account you have a key for that. Account a key is made up of two parts a account a key is made up of two parts a account a key is made up of two parts a. Public key that you share with others public key that you share with others public key that you share with others. And a secret key that you keep private and a secret key that you keep private and a secret key that you keep private. This is an example of what the public this is an example of what the public this is an example of what the public. Key looks like and what a public key key looks like and what a public key key looks like and what a public key. Looks like on the Stellar network it looks like on the Stellar network it looks like on the Stellar network it. Starts with the G the public key is your starts with the G the public key is your. Starts with the G the public key is your account address account address account address. People send funds to this address and people send funds to this address and people send funds to this address and. They'll show up in your account balance they'll show up in your account balance they'll show up in your account balance. And this is what a secret key looks like and this is what a secret key looks like. And this is what a secret key looks like it starts with an S on the Stellar it starts with an S on the Stellar. It starts with an S on the Stellar network we call the secret key that network we call the secret key that. Network we call the secret key that defines your account address accounts defines your account address accounts. Defines your account address accounts master key if you create a new account master key if you create a new account. Master key if you create a new account on the network and don't change its on the network and don't change its. On the network and don't change its configuration your master key is what configuration your master key is what. Configuration your master key is what you use to assign transactions it's what you use to assign transactions it's what. You use to assign transactions it's what you use to control your account so what you use to control your account so what. You use to control your account so what do we mean by signed transactions do we mean by signed transactions. Do we mean by signed transactions Stellar accounts have silenced a signer Stellar accounts have silenced a signer. Stellar accounts have silenced a signer is a key that can authorize transactions is a key that can authorize transactions. Is a key that can authorize transactions for a Stellar account and the master key. For a Stellar account and the master key for a Stellar account and the master key. It's the default signer of the account it's the default signer of the account it's the default signer of the account. Being a signer vostell account is sort being a signer vostell account is sort being a signer vostell account is sort. Of like being a signer on a bank account of like being a signer on a bank account. Of like being a signer on a bank account you can sign cheques for that bank you can sign cheques for that bank. You can sign cheques for that bank account and banks will accept the check account and banks will accept the check. Account and banks will accept the check as valid if you get a new account on the as valid if you get a new account on the. As valid if you get a new account on the network it's got one signer and that network it's got one signer and that. Network it's got one signer and that signer is the master key signer is the master key. Signer is the master key but accounts can also have more silence but accounts can also have more silence. But accounts can also have more silence in addition to or instead of the master in addition to or instead of the master. In addition to or instead of the master key as signer is a signing key just like key as signer is a signing key just like. Key as signer is a signing key just like a master key accounts can be configured a master key accounts can be configured. A master key accounts can be configured to let signers authorize transactions to let signers authorize transactions. To let signers authorize transactions individually or together in a group on individually or together in a group on. Individually or together in a group on Stellar that configuration for what Stellar that configuration for what. Stellar that configuration for what combinations of signers are required to combinations of signers are required to. Combinations of signers are required to authorize transactions is controlled by authorize transactions is controlled by. Authorize transactions is controlled by setting a threshold on the account and setting a threshold on the account and. Setting a threshold on the account and then weights for each signer an example then weights for each signer an example. Then weights for each signer an example of this could be an account that has a of this could be an account that has a. Of this could be an account that has a threshold of 20 with with signers that threshold of 20 with with signers that. Threshold of 20 with with signers that each have weights of 10 need two of each have weights of 10 need two of. Each have weights of 10 need two of these signers to sign a transaction for these signers to sign a transaction for. These signers to sign a transaction for the transaction to be valid another the transaction to be valid another. The transaction to be valid another example might be an account that has a example might be an account that has a. Example might be an account that has a threshold of one where any signer could threshold of one where any signer could. Threshold of one where any signer could sign the check by itself for the check sign the check by itself for the check. Sign the check by itself for the check to be valid much like a basic joint bank to be valid much like a basic joint bank. To be valid much like a basic joint bank account you'll hear people use the term account you'll hear people use the term. Account you'll hear people use the term multisig to refer to accounts they use multisig to refer to accounts they use. Multisig to refer to accounts they use multiple silence but most accounts on multiple silence but most accounts on. Multiple silence but most accounts on the network only use the master key and the network only use the master key and. The network only use the master key and so they only have one signer some so they only have one signer some. So they only have one signer some have used an additional signer as to have used an additional signer as to. Have used an additional signer as to factor auth the control of the account factor auth the control of the account. Factor auth the control of the account still hinges on possession of that still hinges on possession of that. Still hinges on possession of that master key so key management is how we master key so key management is how we. Master key so key management is how we manage all of these keys and will it manage all of these keys and will it. Manage all of these keys and will it play a pivotal role in key management play a pivotal role in key management. Play a pivotal role in key management because of the core of a wallet is key because of the core of a wallet is key. Because of the core of a wallet is key management a wallets core job is to hold management a wallets core job is to hold. Management a wallets core job is to hold your salary calm and so its core job is your salary calm and so its core job is. Your salary calm and so its core job is to store your key protect your key help to store your key protect your key help. To store your key protect your key help you use your key to sign transactions you use your key to sign transactions. You use your key to sign transactions and then prevent you from losing your and then prevent you from losing your. And then prevent you from losing your key so let's talk about some common key so let's talk about some common. Key so let's talk about some common approaches to key management that are approaches to key management that are. Approaches to key management that are being used so many wallets they only use being used so many wallets they only use. Being used so many wallets they only use that master key this means your account that master key this means your account. That master key this means your account has one key one signer and that key is has one key one signer and that key is. Has one key one signer and that key is stored on the device in the wallet stored on the device in the wallet. Stored on the device in the wallet application those wallets can help you application those wallets can help you. Application those wallets can help you to not lose your key using a few to not lose your key using a few. To not lose your key using a few different methods one approach is to different methods one approach is to. Different methods one approach is to give you Eve the key in some form to give you Eve the key in some form to. Give you Eve the key in some form to write down on a printout the key lives write down on a printout the key lives. Write down on a printout the key lives in two places it's in your wallet on in two places it's in your wallet on. In two places it's in your wallet on your phone and it's on paper as a backup your phone and it's on paper as a backup. Your phone and it's on paper as a backup if you lose your phone this is great in if you lose your phone this is great in. If you lose your phone this is great in terms of simplicity really terms of simplicity really. Terms of simplicity really straightforward to implement your key is straightforward to implement your key is. Straightforward to implement your key is backed up but it does present some backed up but it does present some. Backed up but it does present some challenges it puts a lot of challenges it puts a lot of. Challenges it puts a lot of responsibility on the user the user responsibility on the user the user. Responsibility on the user the user needs to write down the key exactly needs to write down the key exactly. Needs to write down the key exactly correct if they lose the paper it's correct if they lose the paper it's. Correct if they lose the paper it's written on they've lost their backup if written on they've lost their backup if. Written on they've lost their backup if someone else finds the paper their someone else finds the paper their. Someone else finds the paper their account is easily stolen and it can be a account is easily stolen and it can be a. Account is easily stolen and it can be a jarring experience to ask a new user to jarring experience to ask a new user to. Jarring experience to ask a new user to write down a lot of text immediately write down a lot of text immediately. Write down a lot of text immediately after dev installed a new application after dev installed a new application. After dev installed a new application that they may not be committed to that they may not be committed to. That they may not be committed to another approach is to store a copy of another approach is to store a copy of. Another approach is to store a copy of the key on the wallet server but this the key on the wallet server but this. The key on the wallet server but this this has some different challenges the this has some different challenges the. This has some different challenges the users gotta trust the wallet server users gotta trust the wallet server. Users gotta trust the wallet server completely because the server will have completely because the server will have. Completely because the server will have access to the key and therefore control access to the key and therefore control. Access to the key and therefore control of their account somewhere let's address of their account somewhere let's address. Of their account somewhere let's address this challenge by encrypting the key this challenge by encrypting the key. This challenge by encrypting the key using a password that the user enters using a password that the user enters. Using a password that the user enters into the wall all it but has never into the wall all it but has never. Into the wall all it but has never shared with the server shared with the server shared with the server. This means the wallet server is not able this means the wallet server is not able. This means the wallet server is not able to use the key because it cannot decrypt. To use the key because it cannot decrypt to use the key because it cannot decrypt. But this only works for wallets and but this only works for wallets and but this only works for wallets and. Products that require the user to make a products that require the user to make a. Products that require the user to make a password password password that won't be shared with the server. That won't be shared with the server that won't be shared with the server which is yet another password for the. Which is yet another password for the which is yet another password for the user to lose so all while its do key. User to lose so all while its do key user to lose so all while its do key management but most focus on managing. Management but most focus on managing management but most focus on managing one key got master key and backing up. One key got master key and backing up one key got master key and backing up that master King so let's talk about the. That master King so let's talk about the that master King so let's talk about the. Approach that sub 30 takes sep 30 approach that sub 30 takes sep 30 approach that sub 30 takes sep 30. Recovery signer is a Stellar ecosystem recovery signer is a Stellar ecosystem recovery signer is a Stellar ecosystem. Proposal that means it's a proposal that proposal that means it's a proposal that. Proposal that means it's a proposal that contains a new standard or a change to contains a new standard or a change to. Contains a new standard or a change to existing standards that is build on top existing standards that is build on top. Existing standards that is build on top of the Stellar network and for use in of the Stellar network and for use in. Of the Stellar network and for use in the Stellar ecosystem sep 30 is an the Stellar ecosystem sep 30 is an. The Stellar ecosystem sep 30 is an approach to key management that's approach to key management that's. Approach to key management that's focuses making key management and focuses making key management and. Focuses making key management and specifically the preventing loss part specifically the preventing loss part. Specifically the preventing loss part has user FM as user-friendly as any has user FM as user-friendly as any. Has user FM as user-friendly as any other consumer application its goal is other consumer application its goal is. Other consumer application its goal is to work without recovery phrases to have to work without recovery phrases to have. To work without recovery phrases to have no server with a sole control of the no server with a sole control of the. No server with a sole control of the account and to not require the user to account and to not require the user to. Account and to not require the user to remember a secure encryption password to remember a secure encryption password to. Remember a secure encryption password to encrypt their key sep 30 is currently encrypt their key sep 30 is currently. Encrypt their key sep 30 is currently being used in one wallet the vibram being used in one wallet the vibram. Being used in one wallet the vibram wallet which is a noncustodial u US wallet which is a noncustodial u US. Wallet which is a noncustodial u US dollar saving wallet the store's value dollar saving wallet the store's value. Dollar saving wallet the store's value on the Stellar network the vibram wallet on the Stellar network the vibram wallet. On the Stellar network the vibram wallet is currently in open beta and presents a. Is currently in open beta and presents a is currently in open beta and presents a. User experience designed for the general user experience designed for the general. User experience designed for the general public you login with your phone number public you login with your phone number. Public you login with your phone number you don't need a password a wallet like you don't need a password a wallet like. You don't need a password a wallet like vibrant that is implementing sep 30 vibrant that is implementing sep 30. Vibrant that is implementing sep 30 still does many of the same things that still does many of the same things that. Still does many of the same things that other wallets do it's a store a key other wallets do it's a store a key. Other wallets do it's a store a key they protect a key and they help you to they protect a key and they help you to. They protect a key and they help you to use your key to sign transactions and use your key to sign transactions and. Use your key to sign transactions and they prevent loss but the loss that they prevent loss but the loss that. They prevent loss but the loss that prevents is different it prevents you prevents is different it prevents you. Prevents is different it prevents you from losing your account and not your from losing your account and not your. From losing your account and not your key a wallet implementing sep 30 weren't key a wallet implementing sep 30 weren't. Key a wallet implementing sep 30 weren't manage and backup a single master key manage and backup a single master key. Manage and backup a single master key instead the wild instead the wild instead the wild. Manage device keys and help the user to manage device keys and help the user to manage device keys and help the user to. Get new keys the user Stellar account get new keys the user Stellar account get new keys the user Stellar account. Won't change its address will stay the won't change its address will stay the won't change its address will stay the. Same but the user signing keys will same but the user signing keys will same but the user signing keys will. Change so let's have a look at what Sept change so let's have a look at what Sept. Change so let's have a look at what Sept 30 is Sept 30 to 5 that provides two 30 is Sept 30 to 5 that provides two. 30 is Sept 30 to 5 that provides two endpoints one to register accounts and endpoints one to register accounts and. Endpoints one to register accounts and another to sign transactions for that another to sign transactions for that. Another to sign transactions for that account account account a wallet uses that first endpoint to. A wallet uses that first endpoint to a wallet uses that first endpoint to register an account with the server in. Register an account with the server in register an account with the server in the request the wallet tells the server. The request the wallet tells the server the request the wallet tells the server what identities are allowed to request. What identities are allowed to request what identities are allowed to request signatures for the account those. Signatures for the account those signatures for the account those identities can be things like a phone. Identities can be things like a phone identities can be things like a phone number or an email address the wallet. Number or an email address the wallet number or an email address the wallet authenticates using septum which is a. Authenticates using septum which is a authenticates using septum which is a Stellar eco system proposal that's. Stellar eco system proposal that's Stellar eco system proposal that's widely used already that defines a. Widely used already that defines a widely used already that defines a challenge and challenge response. Challenge and challenge response challenge and challenge response authentication flow that the wallet uses. Authentication flow that the wallet uses authentication flow that the wallet uses. To prove to the server that it possesses to prove to the server that it possesses. To prove to the server that it possesses keys that can sign for this teller keys that can sign for this teller. Keys that can sign for this teller account this way to the server noise of account this way to the server noise of. Account this way to the server noise of the client should be allowed to define the client should be allowed to define. The client should be allowed to define who can sign transactions for their who can sign transactions for their. Who can sign transactions for their wallet in their response to while it wallet in their response to while it. Wallet in their response to while it gets back a signing address for the gets back a signing address for the. Gets back a signing address for the server and it makes that address a server and it makes that address a. Server and it makes that address a signer of the Stellar account the second signer of the Stellar account the second. Signer of the Stellar account the second endpoint is transaction signing a wallet. Endpoint is transaction signing a wallet endpoint is transaction signing a wallet. Calls this hand point with a transaction calls this hand point with a transaction. Calls this hand point with a transaction it wants to serve it assign it'll do it wants to serve it assign it'll do. It wants to serve it assign it'll do this when it has lost its key and it this when it has lost its key and it. This when it has lost its key and it needs the server to sign transactions needs the server to sign transactions. Needs the server to sign transactions for it for it for it the wallet authenticates using an. The wallet authenticates using an the wallet authenticates using an identity provided during registration if. Identity provided during registration if identity provided during registration if. The phone or email matches an attendee the phone or email matches an attendee the phone or email matches an attendee. Stored with the account on the server stored with the account on the server stored with the account on the server. The server will sign the transaction for the server will sign the transaction for. The server will sign the transaction for the seller account and returned that the seller account and returned that. The seller account and returned that signature to the wallet so let's have a signature to the wallet so let's have a. Signature to the wallet so let's have a look at an example and we'll walk look at an example and we'll walk. Look at an example and we'll walk through how well it can use these two through how well it can use these two. Through how well it can use these two endpoints to support account recovery for the example I will give the user who. For the example I will give the user who is using the wallet a name and we'll is using the wallet a name and we'll. Is using the wallet a name and we'll call her Alice when Alice creates an account with the. When Alice creates an account with the wallet the app on her phone is going to wallet the app on her phone is going to. Wallet the app on her phone is going to generate a master key and then the generate a master key and then the. Generate a master key and then the wallet server is going to create the wallet server is going to create the. Wallet server is going to create the account associated with that master key account associated with that master key. Account associated with that master key the master key will be one of those big the master key will be one of those big. The master key will be one of those big s secret keys that we looked at at the s secret keys that we looked at at the. S secret keys that we looked at at the beginning and it's the red key in this beginning and it's the red key in this. Beginning and it's the red key in this diagram the red key never leaves Alice's diagram the red key never leaves Alice's. Diagram the red key never leaves Alice's device the app on her device doesn't device the app on her device doesn't. Device the app on her device doesn't give this key to anyone with sep 30 we give this key to anyone with sep 30 we. Give this key to anyone with sep 30 we can implement this wallet so that there can implement this wallet so that there. Can implement this wallet so that there is no need for the master key to be is no need for the master key to be. Is no need for the master key to be backed up anyway Alice's wallet also backed up anyway Alice's wallet also. Backed up anyway Alice's wallet also generates a second key what we'll call generates a second key what we'll call. Generates a second key what we'll call her d'lai scheme it's a key that is only her d'lai scheme it's a key that is only. Her d'lai scheme it's a key that is only for this device to use to sign for this device to use to sign. For this device to use to sign transactions in the same way that the transactions in the same way that the. Transactions in the same way that the master key is not shared with anyone the master key is not shared with anyone the. Master key is not shared with anyone the device key is not shared with anyone device key is not shared with anyone. Device key is not shared with anyone either palace' Swallow submits a either palace' Swallow submits a. Either palace' Swallow submits a transaction to the network making that transaction to the network making that. Transaction to the network making that device key a signer of the account and device key a signer of the account and. Device key a signer of the account and removing the master key has a spoiler removing the master key has a spoiler. Removing the master key has a spoiler Alice's wallet then deletes the master Alice's wallet then deletes the master. Alice's wallet then deletes the master key it's not useful anymore the wallet key it's not useful anymore the wallet. Key it's not useful anymore the wallet then goes through the process of then goes through the process of. Then goes through the process of registering the account with to recovery registering the account with to recovery. Registering the account with to recovery cells each server has their own key that. Cells each server has their own key that cells each server has their own key that. They generate themselves each server is they generate themselves each server is they generate themselves each server is. Hosted and controlled independently by hosted and controlled independently by hosted and controlled independently by. Different entities the wallet proves to different entities the wallet proves to different entities the wallet proves to. Each so they independently that it has each so they independently that it has each so they independently that it has. Authority over the account by signing a authority over the account by signing a authority over the account by signing a. Sub 10 transaction and tells the to sub 10 transaction and tells the to sub 10 transaction and tells the to. Recovery servers that anyone who can recovery servers that anyone who can recovery servers that anyone who can. Prove possession of the user's phone prove possession of the user's phone prove possession of the user's phone. Number or email should be allowed to number or email should be allowed to number or email should be allowed to. Request transactions to be signed the request transactions to be signed the request transactions to be signed the. Wallet submits a transaction to the wallet submits a transaction to the wallet submits a transaction to the. Network adding both recovery signers as network adding both recovery signers as network adding both recovery signers as. Cylons on the account but limiting the cylons on the account but limiting the cylons on the account but limiting the. Weight of those signatures so that weight of those signatures so that weight of those signatures so that. Neither recovery server has independent neither recovery server has independent neither recovery server has independent. Control over the value in the account control over the value in the account control over the value in the account. Each each recovery server will be at each each recovery server will be at each each recovery server will be at. Assign a transaction at the request of assign a transaction at the request of assign a transaction at the request of. The user but the transaction will only the user but the transaction will only the user but the transaction will only. Be authorized if signed by another be authorized if signed by another be authorized if signed by another. Independent independent independent honey the only individual with honey the only individual with. Honey the only individual with independent control of the account is independent control of the account is. Independent control of the account is Alice here's an example of what it looks Alice here's an example of what it looks. Alice here's an example of what it looks like on the public block Explorer on the. Like on the public block Explorer on the like on the public block Explorer on the. Public public public Stellar Network this is Annie this is an Stellar Network this is Annie this is an. Stellar Network this is Annie this is an account on the public network with its account on the public network with its. Account on the public network with its threshold set to 20 and there are four threshold set to 20 and there are four. Threshold set to 20 and there are four silence the master key at the bottom silence the master key at the bottom. Silence the master key at the bottom with a weight of zero meaning that it with a weight of zero meaning that it. With a weight of zero meaning that it has no control over the account a device has no control over the account a device. Has no control over the account a device key with a weight of 20 so that the key with a weight of 20 so that the. Key with a weight of 20 so that the device has complete control of the device has complete control of the. Device has complete control of the account and then to recovery servers account and then to recovery servers. Account and then to recovery servers that each have those weights of 10 so that each have those weights of 10 so. That each have those weights of 10 so let's imagine that Palace has lost her let's imagine that Palace has lost her. Let's imagine that Palace has lost her phone and she's purchased an earphone phone and she's purchased an earphone. Phone and she's purchased an earphone the greyed out phone in the top left is the greyed out phone in the top left is. The greyed out phone in the top left is her lost phone that still has her device her lost phone that still has her device. Her lost phone that still has her device key on him and her new phone has no key key on him and her new phone has no key. Key on him and her new phone has no key for the account Alice's new phone goes for the account Alice's new phone goes. For the account Alice's new phone goes through the same process that a previous through the same process that a previous. Through the same process that a previous phone did when it signed up with the phone did when it signed up with the. Phone did when it signed up with the wallet server it generates a device King wallet server it generates a device King. Wallet server it generates a device King and it signs into the wallet but that and it signs into the wallet but that. And it signs into the wallet but that new device key is not a signer of her new device key is not a signer of her. New device key is not a signer of her seller account so her device can erase seller account so her device can erase. Seller account so her device can erase transactions yet the wallet app talks to transactions yet the wallet app talks to. Transactions yet the wallet app talks to the first recovery server and ask the the first recovery server and ask the. The first recovery server and ask the server to sign a transaction that makes server to sign a transaction that makes. Server to sign a transaction that makes her new device key a signer on the her new device key a signer on the. Her new device key a signer on the account Alice then continues recovery account Alice then continues recovery. Account Alice then continues recovery with the third party recovery server the with the third party recovery server the. With the third party recovery server the third party is operating independently third party is operating independently. Third party is operating independently so Alice authenticates with them so Alice authenticates with them. So Alice authenticates with them independently with an SMS codes and to independently with an SMS codes and to. Independently with an SMS codes and to her phone number or a link or a code her phone number or a link or a code. Her phone number or a link or a code sent to her email address once Alice has sent to her email address once Alice has. Sent to her email address once Alice has authenticated the server science the authenticated the server science the. Authenticated the server science the transaction and returns the signature to transaction and returns the signature to. Transaction and returns the signature to the wallet the transaction has now been the wallet the transaction has now been. The wallet the transaction has now been authorized with a weight of 20 and can authorized with a weight of 20 and can. Authorized with a weight of 20 and can be submitted to the network the be submitted to the network the. Be submitted to the network the transaction removes the old signing key transaction removes the old signing key. Transaction removes the old signing key that was lost with Alice's previous that was lost with Alice's previous. That was lost with Alice's previous phone and adds the new cyma key that phone and adds the new cyma key that. Phone and adds the new cyma key that lives on Alice's new phone Alice is now lives on Alice's new phone Alice is now. Lives on Alice's new phone Alice is now back in control of her account finally what's important to highlight is. Finally what's important to highlight is that while alice is in full control of that while alice is in full control of. That while alice is in full control of her account this process can be built her account this process can be built. Her account this process can be built into the wallet into the wallet into the wallet into the wallet. Into the wallet into the wallet application and be behind the scenes for application and be behind the scenes for. Application and be behind the scenes for her what Alice experiences is the same her what Alice experiences is the same. Her what Alice experiences is the same user experience that we've grown user experience that we've grown. User experience that we've grown accustomed to in consumer applications accustomed to in consumer applications. Accustomed to in consumer applications which leads us to y sub 30 is very broad which leads us to y sub 30 is very broad. Which leads us to y sub 30 is very broad right now great user experience drives right now great user experience drives. Right now great user experience drives adoption and supporting account recovery adoption and supporting account recovery. Adoption and supporting account recovery through phone and email brings a through phone and email brings a. Through phone and email brings a noncustodial wallets user experience noncustodial wallets user experience. Noncustodial wallets user experience closer to that of other consumer closer to that of other consumer. Closer to that of other consumer applications the registration user applications the registration user. Applications the registration user experience for Alice can be that she experience for Alice can be that she. Experience for Alice can be that she signs up like many consumer products signs up like many consumer products. Signs up like many consumer products logging in with her phone or email and logging in with her phone or email and. Logging in with her phone or email and the recovery user experience for hours the recovery user experience for hours. The recovery user experience for hours is similar requiring only a second SMS is similar requiring only a second SMS. Is similar requiring only a second SMS or email with a third-party recovery or email with a third-party recovery. Or email with a third-party recovery provider these are patterns that are provider these are patterns that are. Provider these are patterns that are familiar to users of consumer familiar to users of consumer. Familiar to users of consumer applications this approach is also very applications this approach is also very. Applications this approach is also very flexible allowing a wallet to still flexible allowing a wallet to still. Flexible allowing a wallet to still offer a recovery phrase that can be offer a recovery phrase that can be. Offer a recovery phrase that can be written down by generating an additional written down by generating an additional. Written down by generating an additional key to be their recovery phrase or to key to be their recovery phrase or to. Key to be their recovery phrase or to allow for multiple devices where each allow for multiple devices where each. Allow for multiple devices where each device generates its own key that never device generates its own key that never. Device generates its own key that never leaves that device this approach also leaves that device this approach also. Leaves that device this approach also makes dealing with lost devices simpler makes dealing with lost devices simpler. Makes dealing with lost devices simpler a lost watch containing a wallet can be a lost watch containing a wallet can be. A lost watch containing a wallet can be quickly revoked by removing its key as a quickly revoked by removing its key as a. Quickly revoked by removing its key as a signer without needing to get a new signer without needing to get a new. Signer without needing to get a new Stellar account and when Alice decides Stellar account and when Alice decides. Stellar account and when Alice decides to purchase a new watch it can be given to purchase a new watch it can be given. To purchase a new watch it can be given a new key again without interrupting any a new key again without interrupting any. A new key again without interrupting any of her existing devices but the court of her existing devices but the court. Of her existing devices but the court reason for why sub-30 reason for why sub-30. Reason for why sub-30 really is valuable right now is user really is valuable right now is user. Really is valuable right now is user experience user experience that will experience user experience that will. Experience user experience that will drive adoption so if you'd like to learn more about sep. So if you'd like to learn more about sep 30 the proposal itself is about a 15 30 the proposal itself is about a 15. 30 the proposal itself is about a 15 minute read and there's a thread on the minute read and there's a thread on the. Minute read and there's a thread on the Stellar dev mailing lift without mailing Stellar dev mailing lift without mailing. Stellar dev mailing lift without mailing lists where you can ask questions lists where you can ask questions. Lists where you can ask questions provide feedback or make suggestions provide feedback or make suggestions. Provide feedback or make suggestions contributions and discussion welcome and contributions and discussion welcome and. Contributions and discussion welcome and now we have some time for Q&A see what. Now we have some time for Q&A see what now we have some time for Q&A see what. Questions we have okay well thank you listen to me talk okay well thank you listen to me talk. About subsiding.
