Okay yeah but welcome finally we I think okay yeah but welcome finally we I think. We got sorted out the the issues uh and we got sorted out the the issues uh and we got sorted out the the issues uh and. Uh yeah welcome to this week's uh uh yeah welcome to this week's uh uh yeah welcome to this week's uh. Stellar developer meeting and uh today I Stellar developer meeting and uh today I. Stellar developer meeting and uh today I uh we have two presentations we have uh we have two presentations we have. Uh we have two presentations we have Chris that's going to to talk about P Chris that's going to to talk about P. Chris that's going to to talk about P keys and we have S out who going to talk keys and we have S out who going to talk. Keys and we have S out who going to talk about increasing sorond limits so I will. About increasing sorond limits so I will about increasing sorond limits so I will. Just uh I'll just let you uh take it just uh I'll just let you uh take it just uh I'll just let you uh take it. From here Chris uh do you need to share from here Chris uh do you need to share from here Chris uh do you need to share. Your screen yeah yeah let me do that your screen yeah yeah let me do that your screen yeah yeah let me do that. Okay right okay okay yes I guess I can't let right okay okay yes I guess I can't let. Me see let me check the comments yes me see let me check the comments yes me see let me check the comments yes. Okay cool thanks Elliot cool yeah so uh okay cool thanks Elliot cool yeah so uh okay cool thanks Elliot cool yeah so uh. Thanks everyone thanks for bearing with thanks everyone thanks for bearing with thanks everyone thanks for bearing with. Us uh through um you know some technical us uh through um you know some technical. Us uh through um you know some technical difficulties here uh but yeah let's get difficulties here uh but yeah let's get. Difficulties here uh but yeah let's get go ahead and get started um so this go ahead and get started um so this. Go ahead and get started um so this presentation here is um a subset of a presentation here is um a subset of a. Presentation here is um a subset of a presentation I gave at Devcon in Bangkok presentation I gave at Devcon in Bangkok. Presentation I gave at Devcon in Bangkok at several events including multichain at several events including multichain. At several events including multichain day and uh funding the commons uh which day and uh funding the commons uh which. Day and uh funding the commons uh which is a a public goods organization which is a a public goods organization which. Is a a public goods organization which is really cool uh but basically we're is really cool uh but basically we're. Is really cool uh but basically we're talking about uh past Keys could kind of talking about uh past Keys could kind of. Talking about uh past Keys could kind of like I would say a revolution and user like I would say a revolution and user. Like I would say a revolution and user experience for web three onboarding um experience for web three onboarding um. Experience for web three onboarding um so yeah let's go ahead and jump in so so yeah let's go ahead and jump in so. So yeah let's go ahead and jump in so thank you than you all for joining thank you than you all for joining. Thank you than you all for joining future stack smart contract wallets and future stack smart contract wallets and. Future stack smart contract wallets and pass keys on pass keys on pass keys on Stellar um yeah so so basically um yeah. Stellar um yeah so so basically um yeah Stellar um yeah so so basically um yeah my name is Chris anatalia I'm a. My name is Chris anatalia I'm a my name is Chris anatalia I'm a developer advocate for uh for Stellar. Developer advocate for uh for Stellar developer advocate for uh for Stellar development foundation um and let's go. Development foundation um and let's go development foundation um and let's go ahead and just dive in so yeah we're. Ahead and just dive in so yeah we're ahead and just dive in so yeah we're just GNA give you a quick intro to like. Just GNA give you a quick intro to like just GNA give you a quick intro to like the what and why of p pasis and then we. The what and why of p pasis and then we the what and why of p pasis and then we dive into this really cool project uh. Dive into this really cool project uh dive into this really cool project uh that Tyler built um which is basically a. That Tyler built um which is basically a that Tyler built um which is basically a. Typescript library that helps abstract typescript library that helps abstract typescript library that helps abstract. Away the complexity of integrating pass away the complexity of integrating pass away the complexity of integrating pass. Keys into your D app and then we're Keys into your D app and then we're Keys into your D app and then we're. Going to actually go through a reference going to actually go through a reference. Going to actually go through a reference application uh where we actually application uh where we actually. Application uh where we actually implement this pass Keys kit um and just implement this pass Keys kit um and just. Implement this pass Keys kit um and just kind kind of demo the functionality it kind kind of demo the functionality it. Kind kind of demo the functionality it exposes to you uh so first off why pass exposes to you uh so first off why pass. Exposes to you uh so first off why pass Keys uh well everyone knows passwords Keys uh well everyone knows passwords. Keys uh well everyone knows passwords are terrible right but they've reached are terrible right but they've reached. Are terrible right but they've reached such a level of terribleness such a level of terribleness. Such a level of terribleness that it's it's hard to uh ignore right that it's it's hard to uh ignore right. That it's it's hard to uh ignore right so I mean other than um you know packs so I mean other than um you know packs. So I mean other than um you know packs and leaks of uh of password databases and leaks of uh of password databases. And leaks of uh of password databases you know between that and just the you know between that and just the. You know between that and just the requirements that users find very hard requirements that users find very hard. Requirements that users find very hard uh they basically users aren't most uh they basically users aren't most. Uh they basically users aren't most users are not following best practice of users are not following best practice of. Users are not following best practice of operational security um just because operational security um just because. Operational security um just because it's difficult right uh so pass keys to it's difficult right uh so pass keys to. It's difficult right uh so pass keys to the rescue right so pass keys are the rescue right so pass keys are. The rescue right so pass keys are basically faster easier and safer right basically faster easier and safer right. Basically faster easier and safer right and they kind of get rid of you know um and they kind of get rid of you know um. And they kind of get rid of you know um you know having to bage all these you know having to bage all these. You know having to bage all these different passwords and having like it different passwords and having like it. Different passwords and having like it secure onetime passwords uh sent to you secure onetime passwords uh sent to you. Secure onetime passwords uh sent to you via SMS right so pass Keys basically are via SMS right so pass Keys basically are. Via SMS right so pass Keys basically are enabled by um well what's called a enabled by um well what's called a. Enabled by um well what's called a secure Enclave on I believe iPhone secure Enclave on I believe iPhone. Secure Enclave on I believe iPhone devices but basically you have a special devices but basically you have a special. Devices but basically you have a special chip um that can do secure cryptographic. Chip um that can do secure cryptographic chip um that can do secure cryptographic. Operations right um so so basically your operations right um so so basically your. Operations right um so so basically your device kind of Acts almost like a UB ke device kind of Acts almost like a UB ke. Device kind of Acts almost like a UB ke not exactly but basically your device not exactly but basically your device. Not exactly but basically your device acts as uh your source of authentication acts as uh your source of authentication. Acts as uh your source of authentication right uh so you're able to leverage right uh so you're able to leverage. Right uh so you're able to leverage something like uh fingerprint or uh face something like uh fingerprint or uh face. Something like uh fingerprint or uh face ID uh to be able to register and sign in. ID uh to be able to register and sign in ID uh to be able to register and sign in. For accounts as you see here happening for accounts as you see here happening for accounts as you see here happening. Um basically yeah you can either use um basically yeah you can either use um basically yeah you can either use. Your device or you can use something your device or you can use something your device or you can use something. Like a password manager to manage your like a password manager to manage your like a password manager to manage your. Pass Keys uh but basically yeah no more pass Keys uh but basically yeah no more pass Keys uh but basically yeah no more. 13 character passwords and all all of 13 character passwords and all all of 13 character passwords and all all of. That jumping through all those hoops and that jumping through all those hoops and. That jumping through all those hoops and ultimately it is safer you know because ultimately it is safer you know because. Ultimately it is safer you know because it's not stored somewhere in a database it's not stored somewhere in a database. It's not stored somewhere in a database that a hacker could break into that a hacker could break into. That a hacker could break into right the pass Keys kit is uh this right the pass Keys kit is uh this. Right the pass Keys kit is uh this really great uh typescript uh library really great uh typescript uh library. Really great uh typescript uh library that you can pull into your project uh that you can pull into your project uh. That you can pull into your project uh using we recommend you use uh PP npm uh using we recommend you use uh PP npm uh. Using we recommend you use uh PP npm uh for uh dependency management but yeah for uh dependency management but yeah. For uh dependency management but yeah basically it's a great Library uh you basically it's a great Library uh you. Basically it's a great Library uh you can find it at GitHub kale Pass Key kit can find it at GitHub kale Pass Key kit. Can find it at GitHub kale Pass Key kit um and basically gives you all the um and basically gives you all the. Um and basically gives you all the functionality you need to create and functionality you need to create and. Functionality you need to create and manage uh Stellar smart wallets so like I said before you can. Wallets so like I said before you can find it uh you just add it as a find it uh you just add it as a. Find it uh you just add it as a dependency to your project uh if you dependency to your project uh if you. Dependency to your project uh if you scan that QR code it'll bring you to the scan that QR code it'll bring you to the. Scan that QR code it'll bring you to the repo if you want to check it out repo if you want to check it out. Repo if you want to check it out um but it's all GitHub you know you can um but it's all GitHub you know you can. Um but it's all GitHub you know you can just Google it as well uh so yeah just Google it as well uh so yeah. Just Google it as well uh so yeah definitely check it out it's um it's definitely check it out it's um it's. Definitely check it out it's um it's it's really cool but yeah we we'll go it's really cool but yeah we we'll go. It's really cool but yeah we we'll go through it here um so basically the pass through it here um so basically the pass. Through it here um so basically the pass key kit allows you to implement signers key kit allows you to implement signers. Key kit allows you to implement signers uh you know various interactions with uh you know various interactions with. Uh you know various interactions with your mall with your uh wallet uh and your mall with your uh wallet uh and. Your mall with your uh wallet uh and also uh really cool things like uh like also uh really cool things like uh like. Also uh really cool things like uh like policy signers which allow you to Grant policy signers which allow you to Grant. Policy signers which allow you to Grant explicit permissions uh to a signer explicit permissions uh to a signer. Explicit permissions uh to a signer uh a functions as both a client and uh a functions as both a client and. Uh a functions as both a client and server Side Library uh with launch Tu um server Side Library uh with launch Tu um. Server Side Library uh with launch Tu um on the server side that kind of helps on the server side that kind of helps. On the server side that kind of helps abstract away the complexity of abstract away the complexity of. Abstract away the complexity of submitting submitting submitting transactions uh to the. Transactions uh to the transactions uh to the network right so so the client lib is. Network right so so the client lib is network right so so the client lib is Pass Key kit and the server lib is Pass. Pass Key kit and the server lib is Pass Pass Key kit and the server lib is Pass Key. Key Key server and uh you can check at Super server and uh you can check at Super. Server and uh you can check at Super Peach uh as another reference uh Peach uh as another reference uh. Peach uh as another reference uh implementation so if we want to check out um Pass Key. So if we want to check out um Pass Key kit a little bit right so if you jump kit a little bit right so if you jump. Kit a little bit right so if you jump into the actual Pass Key kit repo and into the actual Pass Key kit repo and. Into the actual Pass Key kit repo and you go to sour kit. TS you can see um you go to sour kit. TS you can see um. You go to sour kit. TS you can see um like kind of the nelt and bolts of how like kind of the nelt and bolts of how. Like kind of the nelt and bolts of how it works right you pass in your your RPC it works right you pass in your your RPC. It works right you pass in your your RPC URL um you know the static Network URL um you know the static Network. URL um you know the static Network keyphrase um and then you know it kind keyphrase um and then you know it kind. Keyphrase um and then you know it kind of It kind of set up all the stuff for of It kind of set up all the stuff for. Of It kind of set up all the stuff for you right and then it'll expose these you right and then it'll expose these. You right and then it'll expose these functions like create wallet functions like create wallet. Functions like create wallet um that basically you know allows you to um that basically you know allows you to. Um that basically you know allows you to um perform all this functionality with um perform all this functionality with. Um perform all this functionality with with basically just a function call um with basically just a function call um. With basically just a function call um yeah so this is like the pass key kit uh yeah so this is like the pass key kit uh. Yeah so this is like the pass key kit uh client side code um and with your uh in client side code um and with your uh in. Client side code um and with your uh in your actual application so when you your actual application so when you. Your actual application so when you initialize your passy kit right you initialize your passy kit right you. Initialize your passy kit right you import it and then U you create an import it and then U you create an. Import it and then U you create an instance of it right uh pass in your RPC instance of it right uh pass in your RPC. Instance of it right uh pass in your RPC URL uh of the public node you're using URL uh of the public node you're using. URL uh of the public node you're using um and then you know as a seller um and then you know as a seller. Um and then you know as a seller developer you know uh each You Know M developer you know uh each You Know M. Developer you know uh each You Know M net test net feature net they have this net test net feature net they have this. Net test net feature net they have this static nwk Network passphrase um you static nwk Network passphrase um you. Static nwk Network passphrase um you know that you pass in for instance test know that you pass in for instance test. Know that you pass in for instance test SDF Network semicolon September 2015 and SDF Network semicolon September 2015 and. SDF Network semicolon September 2015 and then um and then the deployed uh Factory. Then um and then the deployed uh Factory then um and then the deployed uh Factory. Contract address contract address contract address um which is uh the the factory that. Um which is uh the the factory that um which is uh the the factory that generates um your spart contract wallet. Generates um your spart contract wallet generates um your spart contract wallet right um yeah then that will be have to. Right um yeah then that will be have to right um yeah then that will be have to that will have to be deployed uh. That will have to be deployed uh that will have to be deployed uh beforehand on your selected. Net um taking a quick look at the P key net um taking a quick look at the P key server if you dig it to server uh. Server if you dig it to server uh server if you dig it to server uh server. TS um you can see uh basically. Server. TS um you can see uh basically server. TS um you can see uh basically it's kind of the same thing you know. It's kind of the same thing you know it's kind of the same thing you know you're taking it um launch tube URL uh. You're taking it um launch tube URL uh you're taking it um launch tube URL uh depending on which if you're on M dat or. Depending on which if you're on M dat or depending on which if you're on M dat or. Test that um then you also need a jot test that um then you also need a jot test that um then you also need a jot. Token which is u a Json web token which token which is u a Json web token which token which is u a Json web token which. Kind of authenticates use launch tube uh kind of authenticates use launch tube uh. Kind of authenticates use launch tube uh we have self-served for that on testet I. We have self-served for that on testet I we have self-served for that on testet I. Believe uh but for main that I think you believe uh but for main that I think you. Believe uh but for main that I think you need to reach out to the team need to reach out to the team. Need to reach out to the team um but yeah so when setting out the pass um but yeah so when setting out the pass. Um but yeah so when setting out the pass key server um in your application right key server um in your application right. Key server um in your application right you pass in your RPC URL you pass in you pass in your RPC URL you pass in. You pass in your RPC URL you pass in your lodg tube URL and you pass in your your lodg tube URL and you pass in your. Your lodg tube URL and you pass in your Lodge tube jot token Lodge tube jot token. Lodge tube jot token right so in this case we're importing it right so in this case we're importing it. Right so in this case we're importing it from uh a EnV file um so so that stuff from uh a EnV file um so so that stuff. From uh a EnV file um so so that stuff will just be sitting in your local .v will just be sitting in your local .v. Will just be sitting in your local .v config file uh so if you want to follow along. File uh so if you want to follow along and you want to check out the demo app I and you want to check out the demo app I. And you want to check out the demo app I built you can uh scan this QR code or built you can uh scan this QR code or. Built you can uh scan this QR code or you could find it at analo CS pass Keys you could find it at analo CS pass Keys. You could find it at analo CS pass Keys kit Stellar reference kit Stellar reference. Kit Stellar reference implementation and yeah we we'll uh implementation and yeah we we'll uh. Implementation and yeah we we'll uh we'll said that out later too if you we'll said that out later too if you. We'll said that out later too if you don't catch it don't catch it don't catch it. Here uh so basically the use cases we're here uh so basically the use cases we're. Here uh so basically the use cases we're going to cover is creating a wallet going to cover is creating a wallet. Going to cover is creating a wallet signing into existing signing into existing signing into existing. Wallet uh a smart contract wallet uh a smart contract wallet uh a smart contract invocation adding a ed25519 signer and. Invocation adding a ed25519 signer and invocation adding a ed25519 signer and then adding a policy signer and also. Then adding a policy signer and also then adding a policy signer and also talking about some of those. Talking about some of those talking about some of those nuances so if you follow along with um. Nuances so if you follow along with um nuances so if you follow along with um with the application if you want to pull. With the application if you want to pull with the application if you want to pull. It down and just run it locally uh it down and just run it locally uh it down and just run it locally uh. Basically here is the first example basically here is the first example basically here is the first example. Right so what we're doing here is we're right so what we're doing here is we're right so what we're doing here is we're. Creating a new wallet right um and then creating a new wallet right um and then creating a new wallet right um and then. That wallet actually gets created as a that wallet actually gets created as a that wallet actually gets created as a. Deployed contract to testet as you can deployed contract to testet as you can deployed contract to testet as you can. See here um right and then within the see here um right and then within the see here um right and then within the. Date of that contract you see the cider date of that contract you see the cider date of that contract you see the cider. So basically you you click create pass so basically you you click create pass so basically you you click create pass. Uh create uh new Pass key right and then uh create uh new Pass key right and then. Uh create uh new Pass key right and then in a browser um you I you can either use. In a browser um you I you can either use in a browser um you I you can either use. Your fingerprint on your MacBook or your fingerprint on your MacBook or your fingerprint on your MacBook or. Password manager right um and then the password manager right um and then the password manager right um and then the. The factory contract creates that smart the factory contract creates that smart the factory contract creates that smart. Contract that you can see here you can contract that you can see here you can contract that you can see here you can. See in uh Stell expert see in uh Stell expert see in uh Stell expert um everything that's getting created. Um everything that's getting created um everything that's getting created right so yeah just going through a. Right so yeah just going through a right so yeah just going through a couple times so you so you see it all. Couple times so you so you see it all couple times so you so you see it all you know you create the transaction you. You know you create the transaction you you know you create the transaction you that gets submitted by launch tube right. That gets submitted by launch tube right that gets submitted by launch tube right. Um the factory contract creates your um the factory contract creates your um the factory contract creates your. Spart contract uh wallet right um and spart contract uh wallet right um and spart contract uh wallet right um and. Then then then and that it's here for you to use um in and that it's here for you to use um in. And that it's here for you to use um in the future that's linked to your pass the future that's linked to your pass. The future that's linked to your pass key on your key on your key on your device right so uh digging into that. Device right so uh digging into that device right so uh digging into that code a little bit so so uh the front end. Code a little bit so so uh the front end code a little bit so so uh the front end. Calls this create wallet function right calls this create wallet function right calls this create wallet function right. Um so we name the wallet we and then uh um so we name the wallet we and then uh um so we name the wallet we and then uh. We call uh passy Wallet create wallet we call uh passy Wallet create wallet we call uh passy Wallet create wallet. Right um we configured this object right um we configured this object right um we configured this object. Earlier uh at the top of the screen earlier uh at the top of the screen earlier uh at the top of the screen. Right with the RPC URL and all those right with the RPC URL and all those right with the RPC URL and all those. Parameters right uh so we invoke that parameters right uh so we invoke that parameters right uh so we invoke that. Create wallet uh function and then we create wallet uh function and then we create wallet uh function and then we. Get the assemble transaction right and get the assemble transaction right and get the assemble transaction right and. Then we use the pass key kit server to then we use the pass key kit server to then we use the pass key kit server to. Send that transaction right so just send that transaction right so just send that transaction right so just. Going through it again uh right so we we going through it again uh right so we we. Going through it again uh right so we we get the the what the wallet should be get the the what the wallet should be. Get the the what the wallet should be named we pass in um the key ID the named we pass in um the key ID the. Named we pass in um the key ID the contract ID oh no we we get back all contract ID oh no we we get back all. Contract ID oh no we we get back all these fields what we call um the create these fields what we call um the create. These fields what we call um the create wallet function right so um we print out wallet function right so um we print out. Wallet function right so um we print out the transaction that we just created and. The transaction that we just created and the transaction that we just created and. Then we use a pass key kit server to then we use a pass key kit server to then we use a pass key kit server to. Actually send that transaction and then actually send that transaction and then actually send that transaction and then. We log the response of that transaction we log the response of that transaction we log the response of that transaction. Right um and then you know all all right um and then you know all all right um and then you know all all. Seller Cy to be uh funded so we fund seller Cy to be uh funded so we fund seller Cy to be uh funded so we fund. That wallet as a final step um so also so if you want to so step um so also so if you want to so. When we print out the transaction info when we print out the transaction info when we print out the transaction info. You guys actually grab the the envelope you guys actually grab the the envelope you guys actually grab the the envelope. Xdr and then you can go to laboratory. Xdr and then you can go to laboratory. Xdr and then you can go to laboratory. Sell.com um and if you want to dig into sell.com um and if you want to dig into sell.com um and if you want to dig into. A lot of the details of what's happening a lot of the details of what's happening. A lot of the details of what's happening in that transaction you can use lab. In that transaction you can use lab. In that transaction you can use lab. Stellar.org um and kind of dig into some stellar.org um and kind of dig into some. Stellar.org um and kind of dig into some of the um the nitty-gritty of the oper of the um the nitty-gritty of the oper. Of the um the nitty-gritty of the oper the actual operations being executed um the actual operations being executed um. The actual operations being executed um yeah that that's available at lab. Yeah that that's available at lab. Yeah that that's available at lab. Stellar.org stellar.org stellar.org xdr um and in this reference application xdr um and in this reference application. Xdr um and in this reference application that um envelope X gets printed out in that um envelope X gets printed out in. That um envelope X gets printed out in the console uh for you to grab right so when signing into an existing. Right so when signing into an existing pass Keys wallet right um You can either pass Keys wallet right um You can either. Pass Keys wallet right um You can either use a key ID or um you the browser could. Use a key ID or um you the browser could use a key ID or um you the browser could. Promp you right um and then so when you promp you right um and then so when you promp you right um and then so when you. Sign into that existing wallet that's sign into that existing wallet that's sign into that existing wallet that's. Existing smart wallet pass Keys wallet existing smart wallet pass Keys wallet existing smart wallet pass Keys wallet. Uh that you created um you're able to do uh that you created um you're able to do. Uh that you created um you're able to do that um just using um your fingerprint that um just using um your fingerprint. That um just using um your fingerprint for instance right um and then yeah so for instance right um and then yeah so. For instance right um and then yeah so it's like a really simple user it's like a really simple user. It's like a really simple user experience you log in uh here's the experience you log in uh here's the. Experience you log in uh here's the smart contract uh that we created smart contract uh that we created. Smart contract uh that we created previously that represents your pasy previously that represents your pasy. Previously that represents your pasy smart wallet uh and yeah it's it's way smart wallet uh and yeah it's it's way. Smart wallet uh and yeah it's it's way simpler than managing a a 12 12w simpler than managing a a 12 12w. Simpler than managing a a 12 12w passphrase you know much much lighter um passphrase you know much much lighter um. Passphrase you know much much lighter um much less friction onboarding new users much less friction onboarding new users. Much less friction onboarding new users right right um so yeah you know a lot of right right um so yeah you know a lot of. Right right um so yeah you know a lot of this functionality is similar right so this functionality is similar right so. This functionality is similar right so to sign in very similar to uh creating a to sign in very similar to uh creating a. To sign in very similar to uh creating a wallet right uh you either uh type it wallet right uh you either uh type it. Wallet right uh you either uh type it you either pass it the key ID or it'll you either pass it the key ID or it'll. You either pass it the key ID or it'll prop you um for either your fingerprint prop you um for either your fingerprint. Prop you um for either your fingerprint or your U password manager managed Pass or your U password manager managed Pass. Or your U password manager managed Pass key right uh and then all you do is you key right uh and then all you do is you. Key right uh and then all you do is you connect to that pass key uh that you connect to that pass key uh that you. Connect to that pass key uh that you already created um and then yeah you're already created um and then yeah you're. Already created um and then yeah you're pretty good to you're pretty much good pretty good to you're pretty much good. Pretty good to you're pretty much good to go you know that's that's basically to go you know that's that's basically. To go you know that's that's basically the whole authentication the whole authentication. The whole authentication [Music] [Music] [Music] flow um for invoking a contract so so. Flow um for invoking a contract so so flow um for invoking a contract so so now um so so now we're we actually we've. Now um so so now we're we actually we've now um so so now we're we actually we've. Created this smart contract pass Keys created this smart contract pass Keys created this smart contract pass Keys. Wallet that could actually invoke a wallet that could actually invoke a wallet that could actually invoke a. Deployed contract right uh so we have uh deployed contract right uh so we have uh. Deployed contract right uh so we have uh we deployed this smart contract um we deployed this smart contract um. We deployed this smart contract um called math basically and all it does is called math basically and all it does is. Called math basically and all it does is it adds two integers right so um there's. It adds two integers right so um there's it adds two integers right so um there's. A do math function on the spark contract a do math function on the spark contract. A do math function on the spark contract that we're actually invoking using our that we're actually invoking using our. That we're actually invoking using our Pas key wallet right so when we call Pas key wallet right so when we call. Pas key wallet right so when we call this invoke function right we are this invoke function right we are. This invoke function right we are signing using our Pass Key our signing using our Pass Key our. Signing using our Pass Key our fingerprint um creating that transaction fingerprint um creating that transaction. Fingerprint um creating that transaction and then having launch tube helps shoot and then having launch tube helps shoot. And then having launch tube helps shoot off that transaction to the network died off that transaction to the network died. Off that transaction to the network died Byer pasy wallet you know so I mean the Byer pasy wallet you know so I mean the. Byer pasy wallet you know so I mean the actual operation is kind of trivial but actual operation is kind of trivial but. Actual operation is kind of trivial but the the idea behind it is pretty cool the the idea behind it is pretty cool. The the idea behind it is pretty cool right um it's kind of like the whole right um it's kind of like the whole. Right um it's kind of like the whole abstra account abstraction flow where abstra account abstraction flow where. Abstra account abstraction flow where you have a smart wallet that could you have a smart wallet that could. You have a smart wallet that could actually uh invoke a smart contract um so digging into the code. Contract um so digging into the code that's called there uh so this do math that's called there uh so this do math. That's called there uh so this do math function gets invoked right and um so we function gets invoked right and um so we. Function gets invoked right and um so we have this contract instant have this contract instant. Have this contract instant uh where we're calling the do math uh where we're calling the do math. Uh where we're calling the do math function right and then we're going to function right and then we're going to. Function right and then we're going to sign it with our Pass key right um and sign it with our Pass key right um and. Sign it with our Pass key right um and then after it's signed we're going to then after it's signed we're going to. Then after it's signed we're going to use a pass key server and launch tube to use a pass key server and launch tube to. Use a pass key server and launch tube to actually shoot off that transaction to actually shoot off that transaction to. Actually shoot off that transaction to the network um and then we're going to the network um and then we're going to. The network um and then we're going to uh dig into the xdr um of the response uh dig into the xdr um of the response. Uh dig into the xdr um of the response and see um the sum of the two numbers we and see um the sum of the two numbers we. And see um the sum of the two numbers we added right that's a trivial operation added right that's a trivial operation. Added right that's a trivial operation but as you imagine you can do basically but as you imagine you can do basically. But as you imagine you can do basically anything in spart contract function and anything in spart contract function and. Anything in spart contract function and basically this is a nuts and bolts of basically this is a nuts and bolts of. Basically this is a nuts and bolts of using a pass Keys wallet to sign a using a pass Keys wallet to sign a. Using a pass Keys wallet to sign a transaction and invoke another smart transaction and invoke another smart. Transaction and invoke another smart contract contract contract operation um which is really amazing. Operation um which is really amazing operation um which is really amazing right uh it's such a cool library that. Right uh it's such a cool library that right uh it's such a cool library that Tyler built here um it's so like user. Tyler built here um it's so like user Tyler built here um it's so like user friendly and easy to use it's it's. Friendly and easy to use it's it's friendly and easy to use it's it's pretty awesome um so let's say you. Pretty awesome um so let's say you pretty awesome um so let's say you wanted to um add add another CER to uh. Wanted to um add add another CER to uh wanted to um add add another CER to uh your pass key wallet right um yeah I. Your pass key wallet right um yeah I your pass key wallet right um yeah I mean like that that's that's definitely. Mean like that that's that's definitely mean like that that's that's definitely possible right you can just add you know. Possible right you can just add you know possible right you can just add you know. Any any any classic Stell account as a any any any classic Stell account as a any any any classic Stell account as a. Cider um what's dangerous there is cider um what's dangerous there is cider um what's dangerous there is. You're basically granting them access to you're basically granting them access to. You're basically granting them access to do do anything right on your account uh do do anything right on your account uh. Do do anything right on your account uh which is dangerous right uh for which is dangerous right uh for. Which is dangerous right uh for I hope obvious reasons but yeah yeah I hope obvious reasons but yeah yeah. I hope obvious reasons but yeah yeah obviously like if you want to Grant obviously like if you want to Grant. Obviously like if you want to Grant someone access to your account you want someone access to your account you want. Someone access to your account you want to Grant fine grain access where you to Grant fine grain access where you. To Grant fine grain access where you explicitly control what you're what explicitly control what you're what. Explicitly control what you're what you're kind of giving them um so so you're kind of giving them um so so. You're kind of giving them um so so basically um since we're passing an basically um since we're passing an. Basically um since we're passing an empty signers limit limits map we're not empty signers limit limits map we're not. Empty signers limit limits map we're not really con constraining the permissions really con constraining the permissions. Really con constraining the permissions we're giving them right uh so when we we're giving them right uh so when we. We're giving them right uh so when we when we sign this transaction and we set when we sign this transaction and we set. When we sign this transaction and we set it at the CER we're actually um allow it at the CER we're actually um allow. It at the CER we're actually um allow the CER to do anything on our behalf um the CER to do anything on our behalf um. The CER to do anything on our behalf um for for that uh pasy wallet right so for for that uh pasy wallet right so. For for that uh pasy wallet right so that's obviously not ideal that's obviously not ideal. That's obviously not ideal um what's cool here is uh we're adding um what's cool here is uh we're adding. Um what's cool here is uh we're adding what's called a policy CER like I'm not what's called a policy CER like I'm not. What's called a policy CER like I'm not sure this is currently on mainnet but it sure this is currently on mainnet but it. Sure this is currently on mainnet but it it basically it basically it basically um the way I explain it is like it it. Um the way I explain it is like it it um the way I explain it is like it it pro there's like like a a proxy contract. Pro there's like like a a proxy contract pro there's like like a a proxy contract. Right so basically you have to go right so basically you have to go right so basically you have to go. Through this proxy contract which kind through this proxy contract which kind through this proxy contract which kind. Of constrains what abilities you're able of constrains what abilities you're able. Of constrains what abilities you're able to take um on that invocation um so so to take um on that invocation um so so. To take um on that invocation um so so basically uh you're you're granting a basically uh you're you're granting a. Basically uh you're you're granting a very uh fine grained uh set of very uh fine grained uh set of. Very uh fine grained uh set of permissions to The Cider um allowing permissions to The Cider um allowing. Permissions to The Cider um allowing them to perform a specific activity um them to perform a specific activity um. Them to perform a specific activity um without giving them full access to your without giving them full access to your. Without giving them full access to your account right so obviously that's that's account right so obviously that's that's. Account right so obviously that's that's I that's way more ideal than granting I that's way more ideal than granting. I that's way more ideal than granting you know u a blank check to a Aigner so you know u a blank check to a Aigner so. You know u a blank check to a Aigner so so for attaching a policy CER U you'll so for attaching a policy CER U you'll. So for attaching a policy CER U you'll notice a difference here is we're notice a difference here is we're. Notice a difference here is we're actually adding in an entry to the actually adding in an entry to the. Actually adding in an entry to the signer limits right U and as you can see signer limits right U and as you can see. Signer limits right U and as you can see we're passing in the the do math uh we're passing in the the do math uh. We're passing in the the do math uh deployed contract hash but then also deployed contract hash but then also. Deployed contract hash but then also another contract called do math policy another contract called do math policy. Another contract called do math policy and that policy is kind of the proxy and that policy is kind of the proxy. And that policy is kind of the proxy contract that kind of dictates uh what contract that kind of dictates uh what. Contract that kind of dictates uh what you're able to do are that defined uh you're able to do are that defined uh. You're able to do are that defined uh doe math contract right so like the call doe math contract right so like the call. Doe math contract right so like the call has to go through uh that policy first has to go through uh that policy first. Has to go through uh that policy first which kind of constrains uh what what which kind of constrains uh what what. Which kind of constrains uh what what you're able to do um with that cider so you're able to do um with that cider so. You're able to do um with that cider so this is kind of like uh I would say this is kind of like uh I would say. This is kind of like uh I would say revolutionary I think yeah I think it's revolutionary I think yeah I think it's. Revolutionary I think yeah I think it's a really cool concept you know you're a really cool concept you know you're. A really cool concept you know you're able to U kind kind of delegate um to able to U kind kind of delegate um to. Able to U kind kind of delegate um to another signer very fine grain another signer very fine grain. Another signer very fine grain permissions you know which I think is permissions you know which I think is. Permissions you know which I think is very powerful um and yeah it's just a very powerful um and yeah it's just a. Very powerful um and yeah it's just a really cool thing that Tyler built here really cool thing that Tyler built here. Really cool thing that Tyler built here right uh so like yeah if you want to right uh so like yeah if you want to. Right uh so like yeah if you want to check out some more Pass Key demos right check out some more Pass Key demos right. Check out some more Pass Key demos right uh Elliot uh he created this really cool. Uh Elliot uh he created this really cool uh Elliot uh he created this really cool. Dice roller game um and then is super dice roller game um and then is super dice roller game um and then is super. Peach the classic uh implementation uh peach the classic uh implementation uh peach the classic uh implementation uh. There's a little demo built into Pas key there's a little demo built into Pas key. There's a little demo built into Pas key kit repo itself right um and if you need. Kit repo itself right um and if you need kit repo itself right um and if you need. A lot Tobe J token I think we do self a lot Tobe J token I think we do self a lot Tobe J token I think we do self. Serve for test that but also just reach serve for test that but also just reach serve for test that but also just reach. Out to us on out to us on out to us on Discord cool uh yeah okay great thank you that it was. Yeah okay great thank you that it was very interesting uh we we uh we actually very interesting uh we we uh we actually. Very interesting uh we we uh we actually did a similar presentation at Meridian did a similar presentation at Meridian. Did a similar presentation at Meridian at the hackathon and a lot of the teams at the hackathon and a lot of the teams. At the hackathon and a lot of the teams chose to implement U pass which was chose to implement U pass which was. Chose to implement U pass which was great to see because they had they had great to see because they had they had. Great to see because they had they had limited time to to get their application limited time to to get their application. Limited time to to get their application built and they decided a lot of them built and they decided a lot of them. Built and they decided a lot of them decided to use pass keys and they got decided to use pass keys and they got. Decided to use pass keys and they got pretty pretty smooth so so yeah pretty pretty smooth so so yeah. Pretty pretty smooth so so yeah definitely go go check it out I think definitely go go check it out I think. Definitely go go check it out I think it's it's uh it's it's it's a huge it's it's uh it's it's it's a huge. It's it's uh it's it's it's a huge Improvement in in user experience uh Improvement in in user experience uh. Improvement in in user experience uh when we talk about the uh when we talk when we talk about the uh when we talk. When we talk about the uh when we talk about web three apps okay great uh I about web three apps okay great uh I. About web three apps okay great uh I will now invite Z up and uh he'll talk will now invite Z up and uh he'll talk. Will now invite Z up and uh he'll talk talk about the um about the um talk about the um about the um. Talk about the um about the um increasing soran limits so please go increasing soran limits so please go. Increasing soran limits so please go ahead yeah can you hear me yeah perfect ahead yeah can you hear me yeah perfect. Ahead yeah can you hear me yeah perfect okay yeah I don't have a presentation okay yeah I don't have a presentation. Okay yeah I don't have a presentation today so I'll just uh speaking to you today so I'll just uh speaking to you. Today so I'll just uh speaking to you but um uh Carson should be dropping a but um uh Carson should be dropping a. But um uh Carson should be dropping a couple links to some documents that'll couple links to some documents that'll. Couple links to some documents that'll be helpful yeah I'm uh my name is sart s be helpful yeah I'm uh my name is sart s. Be helpful yeah I'm uh my name is sart s I'm a software engineer on the core team. I'm a software engineer on the core team I'm a software engineer on the core team. And today I'll be going over a proposal and today I'll be going over a proposal and today I'll be going over a proposal. From the ecosystem to increase some from the ecosystem to increase some from the ecosystem to increase some. Sorond limits uh and for cont from some sorond limits uh and for cont from some sorond limits uh and for cont from some. Context uh suron transactions are context uh suron transactions are context uh suron transactions are. Subject to various settings and Lins subject to various settings and Lins subject to various settings and Lins. That can be updated with the validator that can be updated with the validator that can be updated with the validator. Vote similar to our protocol vote similar to our protocol vote similar to our protocol. Upgrade so there were three separate upgrade so there were three separate upgrade so there were three separate. Proposals to increase limits from the proposals to increase limits from the proposals to increase limits from the. Ecosystem and slp1 uh which there's a ecosystem and slp1 uh which there's a ecosystem and slp1 uh which there's a. Link in the in the comments below uh is link in the in the comments below uh is link in the in the comments below uh is. A combination of all three and you can a combination of all three and you can a combination of all three and you can. See the proposers in the author section see the proposers in the author section see the proposers in the author section. Of the of the of the SLP uh so first I'll go over the Ledger SLP uh so first I'll go over the Ledger. SLP uh so first I'll go over the Ledger entry limits so the read entry and right entry limits so the read entry and right. Entry limits so the read entry and right entry limits are being increased for entry limits are being increased for. Entry limits are being increased for both the transaction level and Ledger both the transaction level and Ledger. Both the transaction level and Ledger level limits the max Ledger entries that level limits the max Ledger entries that. Level limits the max Ledger entries that can be read in a transaction is can be read in a transaction is. Can be read in a transaction is increasing from 40 to 100 and the max increasing from 40 to 100 and the max. Increasing from 40 to 100 and the max Ledger entries that can be written in a Ledger entries that can be written in a. Ledger entries that can be written in a transaction is uh written is increasing transaction is uh written is increasing. Transaction is uh written is increasing from 25 to 50 so these increases will from 25 to 50 so these increases will. From 25 to 50 so these increases will allow uh defi protocols like like Hoops allow uh defi protocols like like Hoops. Allow uh defi protocols like like Hoops Finance uh Sor Swap and blend to scale Finance uh Sor Swap and blend to scale. Finance uh Sor Swap and blend to scale up and perform more complex transactions up and perform more complex transactions. Up and perform more complex transactions that they aren't able aren't able to do that they aren't able aren't able to do. That they aren't able aren't able to do today with uh current today with uh current. Today with uh current limits so to make sure that the the limits so to make sure that the the. Limits so to make sure that the the network can actually handle the network can actually handle the. Network can actually handle the increased runtime from these increased increased runtime from these increased. Increased runtime from these increased limits we developed a command line limits we developed a command line. Limits we developed a command line benchmarking tool in Stellar core that benchmarking tool in Stellar core that. Benchmarking tool in Stellar core that lets us measure Ledger apply times using lets us measure Ledger apply times using. Lets us measure Ledger apply times using different sorbon settings so the tool different sorbon settings so the tool. Different sorbon settings so the tool will uh generate a a worst case will uh generate a a worst case. Will uh generate a a worst case transaction set that uses as much of the transaction set that uses as much of the. Transaction set that uses as much of the resources available as possible apply resources available as possible apply. Resources available as possible apply those transactions and then just records those transactions and then just records. Those transactions and then just records the apply time and the the SLP has some the apply time and the the SLP has some. The apply time and the the SLP has some more information and results from this more information and results from this. More information and results from this testing So based on the benchmarking testing So based on the benchmarking. Testing So based on the benchmarking Sellar core can handle the increase the Sellar core can handle the increase the. Sellar core can handle the increase the transaction level minuts limits I transaction level minuts limits I. Transaction level minuts limits I mentioned as well as increasing The mentioned as well as increasing The. Mentioned as well as increasing The Ledger level limits to maintain the Ledger level limits to maintain the. Ledger level limits to maintain the current 5x ratio between the transaction current 5x ratio between the transaction. Current 5x ratio between the transaction and Ledger level and Ledger level and Ledger level. Limits uh now the last limit being limits uh now the last limit being limits uh now the last limit being. Increased is the max transaction events increased is the max transaction events increased is the max transaction events. Size limit which is the combined size of size limit which is the combined size of. Size limit which is the combined size of the events that can be emitted within the events that can be emitted within. The events that can be emitted within the single transaction the single transaction. The single transaction uh and the current limit is 8 kilobytes uh and the current limit is 8 kilobytes. Uh and the current limit is 8 kilobytes uh and this limit is low enough that uh and this limit is low enough that. Uh and this limit is low enough that some protocols like a squid router will some protocols like a squid router will. Some protocols like a squid router will run into the limit when publishing run into the limit when publishing. Run into the limit when publishing payloads that they don't want to manage payloads that they don't want to manage. Payloads that they don't want to manage offchain so the proposal bumps it to 16 offchain so the proposal bumps it to 16. Offchain so the proposal bumps it to 16 kilobytes a benchmarking this increase kilobytes a benchmarking this increase. Kilobytes a benchmarking this increase in Stellar core however isn't very in Stellar core however isn't very. In Stellar core however isn't very valuable Stellar core just adds the valuable Stellar core just adds the. Valuable Stellar core just adds the events to the transaction meta and events to the transaction meta and. Events to the transaction meta and writes it to a pipe when I did my writes it to a pipe when I did my. Writes it to a pipe when I did my benchmarking and I increased the the benchmarking and I increased the the. Benchmarking and I increased the the events limit I saw no uh hit to events limit I saw no uh hit to. Events limit I saw no uh hit to Performance cuz in seller core Performance cuz in seller core. Performance cuz in seller core specifically so it's more relevant to specifically so it's more relevant to. Specifically so it's more relevant to hear from Downstream consumers to get hear from Downstream consumers to get. Hear from Downstream consumers to get their opinion on if they can handle the their opinion on if they can handle the. Their opinion on if they can handle the increased theoretical load and I say increased theoretical load and I say. Increased theoretical load and I say theoretical because in practice uh we theoretical because in practice uh we. Theoretical because in practice uh we don't see large amounts of data emitted don't see large amounts of data emitted. Don't see large amounts of data emitted through events at the moment uh so I through events at the moment uh so I. Through events at the moment uh so I guess our ask here is for feedback on if guess our ask here is for feedback on if. Guess our ask here is for feedback on if any of you expect issues from this uh any of you expect issues from this uh. Any of you expect issues from this uh from this increase to the events limit from this increase to the events limit. From this increase to the events limit uh so all of the increased limits from uh so all of the increased limits from. Uh so all of the increased limits from slp1 have been apply to test met uh so slp1 have been apply to test met uh so. Slp1 have been apply to test met uh so feel free to try them out and I also feel free to try them out and I also. Feel free to try them out and I also wanted to mention that the uh SLP wanted to mention that the uh SLP. Wanted to mention that the uh SLP process is new and still being improved process is new and still being improved. Process is new and still being improved uh but the end goal is to allow anyone uh but the end goal is to allow anyone. Uh but the end goal is to allow anyone in the ecosystem to propose new settings in the ecosystem to propose new settings. In the ecosystem to propose new settings and evaluate them using the tooling I and evaluate them using the tooling I. And evaluate them using the tooling I mentioned currently the tooling is is mentioned currently the tooling is is. Mentioned currently the tooling is is still being worked on and we have we still being worked on and we have we. Still being worked on and we have we don't have a lot of documentation for it don't have a lot of documentation for it. Don't have a lot of documentation for it yet but we're hoping soon that all this yet but we're hoping soon that all this. Yet but we're hoping soon that all this all all this will be good enough uh all all this will be good enough uh. All all this will be good enough uh for uh someone in the ecosystem to go for uh someone in the ecosystem to go. For uh someone in the ecosystem to go through the entire the entire proposal through the entire the entire proposal. Through the entire the entire proposal and evaluation process without our help and evaluation process without our help. And evaluation process without our help uh so and the current SLP proposal uh so and the current SLP proposal. Uh so and the current SLP proposal format can be found at the read me in format can be found at the read me in. Format can be found at the read me in that Stellar protocol link that was that that Stellar protocol link that was that. That Stellar protocol link that was that was dropped in the was dropped in the was dropped in the. Comments uh so yeah that's all I had for comments uh so yeah that's all I had for. Comments uh so yeah that's all I had for today if there are any questions let me today if there are any questions let me. Today if there are any questions let me know great thank you yeah if if there's know great thank you yeah if if there's. Know great thank you yeah if if there's any questions uh please uh drop them in any questions uh please uh drop them in. Any questions uh please uh drop them in the in the comments uh this is uh the in the comments uh this is uh. The in the comments uh this is uh something that we are going to try to something that we are going to try to. Something that we are going to try to experiment with going forward when we do experiment with going forward when we do. Experiment with going forward when we do some upgrades and when we do some uh some upgrades and when we do some uh. Some upgrades and when we do some uh updates and change limits and things updates and change limits and things. Updates and change limits and things like that uh just to have a quick have a like that uh just to have a quick have a. Like that uh just to have a quick have a quick talk about it here in the in the quick talk about it here in the in the. Quick talk about it here in the in the weekly developer meetings uh next week weekly developer meetings uh next week. Weekly developer meetings uh next week we actually going to talk about uh the we actually going to talk about uh the. We actually going to talk about uh the protocol 22 and and some of the some of protocol 22 and and some of the some of. Protocol 22 and and some of the some of the new features that was launched there the new features that was launched there. The new features that was launched there uh that was it but that's what we had uh that was it but that's what we had. Uh that was it but that's what we had for for the meeting today uh thank you for for the meeting today uh thank you. For for the meeting today uh thank you to to both our presenters for for taking to to both our presenters for for taking. To to both our presenters for for taking the time to to to speak here and uh yeah. The time to to to speak here and uh yeah the time to to to speak here and uh yeah. I'll see everyone else next Thursday I'll see everyone else next Thursday I'll see everyone else next Thursday. Thank you.
