Hey everybody welcome to the q a session for jump cannon um and i think uh yeah jeff neal already asked three. Questions if we want to jump into those uh his first question was has the name been chosen yet. The second question uh was what is the approximate test net month of launch and then uh the same question for mainnet i. Can uh try some of these things so uh the name has not been selected yet hopefully within a week or two we can uh. Uh answer that question um the generally speaking the main at launch is scheduled for enevir. And it might slip into next year because in the past we've learned that making like a major release at the end. Of the year is probably not the best thing to do uh so we expect uh end of december. Beginning of january for may net and then end of november a month before that for testnet. Um and um you know the couple of months before that were already uh slated to have a like experimental. Future net so just like a dedicated test net to uh to work with smart contracts on. And uh just for the full loop we also expect that by the end of this month you'll already be. Able to deploy contracts locally in a sandbox using the sdk it's a future very cool. Let's get people to ask questions in voice it's uh more interactive yeah go ahead and uh. Submit a request to speak if you'd like to ask a question we will pull you on up put you in front of the class uh while. We wait for people to oh never mind we've got a request all right life learner yes thank you um. What do you see or do you have any initial projects uh in the pipeline for the end of year. When you when you do the release so can you repeat the beginning of the question i missed that. So let me let me try again um do you have any projects in the pipeline uh for the initial release. Uh we're talking with several companies that are interested in building on stellar i can't uh disclose names right. Now because nothing is is finalized uh but you know like the um the usual suspects of um you know like. Amms and various um you know lending protocols right uh yeah the keep those requests. Coming um tomer do you think we're gonna see uh dowels being established through those. Smart contracts uh i'm sure we'll see dows yes what is the first dow you would like to. See um i would like to see a dao for a dow building platform so cool yeah great answer yeah. Yeah i think i'm still i'm stealing this from jason our ceo oh he has he's also expressed an interest in the past and. Having like a dow dow i mean it's got a ring to it uh john jove what uh what's going on with the token. Contract uh it's in progress um it exists although i i actually don't think i've posted anything publicly. Really about it i mean lee and i were just talking about it a second ago but uh maybe i should actually post a link. To the repo it lives in um but tell us a bit about the token contract i mean there's uh. There's not a ton to say it's a it's a token uh it looks a lot like um like an erc20 token with the exception. That like everything is done in the style of eip 2612 permits so there's lots of signatures being passed around. Uh that makes it really flexible um what i what is built so now what is built so far isn't actually like. Compliant with the spec that we published for it um but i'm going to work on getting it. Closer to spec in the next couple of days so probably by like i don't know i don't. Want to say the end of this week but the end of next week it'll probably be pretty close and pretty reasonable it. Won't have all the functionality but it'll be pretty close um i'm going to post a link to that in. Jump cannon right now so give me a second that's awesome uh it works i've tested it locally it. Does seem to work and can you um share with the audience what is the story with eip 2612. What what does it improve on the erc20 contract uh yeah that's uh that's a good question. So basically this um eip2612 uh which i always refer to as eip2612 permit because permit is like the target. Function that this whole thing was done for um basically was an improvement on the. Classic erc20 approved flow so you know basically at the beginning of the whole erc experience or the erc20. Experience what you would do is you're like okay i have this contract i want to interact with it i'm going to approve it. To transfer balance from my account and so you submit a transaction uh on ethereum you wait for some you. Know uh there's some confirmations and eventually you're like okay this is final and we're happy and you submit. Another transaction that actually does the um that actually like you know lets the con. Interact with the contract form by itself um and so basically you first paid cash gas. Through the first thing and then you pay gas to the second thing um with eip eip2612 permit you do this. All as a single transaction by just passing a signature to this permit uh like a signature. To this um to the contract in the first place and then it uses the signature on the permit. Function and the permit verifies the signature and then does the same stuff that approve would have done. So it's basically this like ergonomics improvement um and so kind of everything here works. Like that so you get that kind of ergonomics improvement everywhere so would it be um correct to say that. The ip2612 basically uh uh like separates the the kind of like who's submitting that. Transaction from like who's authorizing the the moving of the funds that's exactly right. Okay um around sorry um you want to go do you want me to go you go a lot of the conversation around eip. 2612 was around this like uh this gasless concept basically like i shouldn't need to have an account that. Has money in it basically to do stuff or has ethernet and so this really like these kinds of. Like you know me passing around a signature and letting somebody else act on it makes these uh kind of gases. Concepts much much easier very cool that's exactly what i was about to say we have another question from the. Audience um sorry if i mispronounced your name but jason godev asked given that stellar has some built-in. Operations that serve off-chain scripts and apps already what use cases will smart contracts serve that is not. Possible with the current sdks um so the current sdks are just like extremely or you know the current. Protocol is consist consists of around 20 uh high-level operations uh which doesn't really allow you. To um to like you know express a lot of things so say for example that i wanna uh introduce an amm that is uh that's. Built on a curve that's not supported by the native amms on stellar like table swap. Um or let's say that i want to have like a you know like a trust minimized lending protocol. Um or kind of like a non-trivial size dow that does um uh that has like you know stake weighted. Voting uh trust minimized so all these things are like not really doable today great if anyone from the audience has. Any questions feel free to drop them into live chat uh the tech's channel or you can uh go ahead and uh request to be. On the stage and ask your question through voice maybe in the meantime lee can give us a quick update on what's the. Status of the sdk what should we be expecting uh for this like july iteration and what are you. Lee most excited about yeah i mean we're still we're still working on the sdk uh john has proven that you can build. Something with it which is fantastic um at this point um the api is still relatively unstable. Um so i mean as as we talked just before um just before uh this event uh i'm adding things like iterators slicing to. Vectors and um you know there's certain things about the api events that are probably going. To change in the next few days to to make them more ergonomic to make them safe to use um and so we we are really. Still the sdks uh really young and we're still yeah making a lot of changes to it and. Uh you know the end of by the time we come to the end of july hopefully we have a lot of the building blocks. Um the primitives there in a somewhat stable state even though the sdk is in flash blocks i do want to uh. Emphasize that it is quite sleek like the stuff that works when it it's pretty cool it's very kind of easy to use so uh. I had a good experience working with that is the sdk something people can look at right now today or is it as has. It yet to be put out into the wild i mean the code is is public it's on github um it's uh just go to github.com. Stellar and i'm sure you'll find it uh the docs aren't up yet um the anywhere in particular for it just yet. Uh so um you know if you're looking for docs then you know that's not out yet but uh we should have. Docks out with you know the july release at the end of july yeah and john's token contract is. Actually a really good uh starting point right now because it's uh it uses the sdk it's uh fairly. Readable and ergonomic and well organized for someone who who's maybe not familiar. With the way that rust works tomer like if they do go look at john's token contract what should they look at first. Uh so at any rust uh i don't remember the lingo but you should look at the lib rs file because. That's like the entry point for any uh code that is not uh executable general good guideline for looking at. Like um a jump can and contract with the sdk would be to go and find a function with the with the text contract fn. Directly above it um if you see that you know that's an entry point to the contract and then you. Can go and see what it does by following that through um in my particular case right now like tomer's advice was good. All of those functions are in lib.rs but i actually have a like a refactor that changes that and puts them all off. Into a separate file so that would still allow you to find the right stuff and i think the other thing to look out. For too is uh you'll also see types that are um that have an attribute like contract. Type at the top of them and they're all types that will end up either in the api or will end up being stored um so if. You're familiar with like the ethereum api or like what types that get generated in other. Ecosystems looking for that contrapti tag uh you know types that are going to be interesting for you to look at. Lee can you talk a bit about uh testing in our contracts i know that testing is like a big issue in the world of um you. Know solidity smart contracts i know there are a lot of frameworks to facilitate that. Uh what's what's my strategy as a person who's like developing for jump cannon yeah it's a great question uh we really. Want testing to be um like really smooth uh mostly because uh you know we want people to ride tests. Whenever whenever there's a barrier to entry to writing tests you know let's admit it as engineers. It's it's tempting not to so um write tests in terms of a jump cannon contract that's written in rust will be tests. That you can run locally on your computer in your id so if you're using an ide like. Vs code um you'll be able to just run those tests like you would any other rust test. Your writing and in that uh in that test you'll have access to a host that acts very much like. The runtime environment that your contract will actually run on chain and the reason acts very much like it is because. It's actually backed by the same code because the the runtime environment is written in rust in stellar core and so. We basically import that into the tests and we're running the contract within it and much of the mechanics of that we're. Still working through that and um john and others are really help identifying like where the. Gaps are that we need to fill in to make it work as smoothly as possible um for everybody but. Um yeah you'll be ideally be able to construct a couple of contracts um and then you know run them in your test and. Then inspect you know here's the here's the state of the ledger um after running them and be able to you. Know write assertions about okay you know you expect the balance of this account to change by this much or the. Balance of this token for that account i mean um and uh it it'll be all running locally on. Your system um and you'll be out which means you'll be out of you know step three debug inspect. The values of variables and different things like that step three debug a smart contract that's. Pretty pretty wild okay i see we have a bunch of people uh joined we are talking about jump cannon. Uh type of stuff that we're gonna see uh coming in the next few weeks um and we're happy to take questions. And we have a question in the text chat from matthias uh he says with smart contract support i wonder if you see a. Possibility to build an infrastructure like layer two of apps tap chain side chains using stellar as their layer. One uh yeah definitely we're um uh we also had some folks um looking at potential like what type of. Crypto primitives do we need to do zk roll ups in an efficient matter so i don't think this these are things that. We're going to see immediately like at launch this year the beginning of next year but uh with time we definitely. Expect more sophisticated l2 constructions uh to show up um these will probably take the form of. Zika rollups uh and the cool thing is that you can actually um uh you know like the zika roll-up uh can. Can be something else from jump cannon it can obviously be like another the same execution engine but it can also be. Something like an evm so you can have like an evm roll up running on like a stellar base chain which is pretty cool. What about you same question that you asked lee what are you most excited about for for the launch of smart. Contracts on stellar like what would you most like to see uh i really love the fact. That uh the sdk uh like builds on rust so you can use like the entire ecosystem of rust um tooling they're at your. Disposal so you can do things like use rust tooling for fuzzying uh or you know the type of. Testing frameworks that lee pointed out um and you know most uh most of all i'm just like really excited to see what. Others build uh and what are the things that we're not thinking about right now in terms of getting other people to. Build you know we're just starting to think about this but like someone wants to get involved what's the. Best way for them to to start getting involved so right now i would say that uh things are. Kind of like all over the place in terms of uh you know you can start reading caps um i would like i said before i. Think the the best entry point right now is through john's contract because it's the most. Like comprehensive and up-to-date jump cannon contract and just like learn from that. We are working on a set of docs that should be live by the end of this month and these will relate to just like. Learning about how this whole thing works uh some examples and tutorials around how to. Uh like write a basic contract and use the sdk it will really be focused on like the. Local uh sandbox developer experience so you don't need to know you funny enough you don't really need to. Know anything about stellar in order to start developing for this you don't even need to have. To be talking to a stellar network all you need is like this local uh sandbox that's in the sdk i also have another. Question from matthias um in terms of infrastructure what would be your top number one priority for smart contracts. Projects says he's thinking on stellar mainstream stream adoption time frame q3 slash q4 2022 so. Infrastructure number one priority allow people to build smart contracts yeah i would say that the the composable. Like defy uh lego blocks so things like um amm specifically the type of amms that we don't have natively uh in. Stellar things like uh you know stable swap uh things like uni swap v3 um uh definitely. Um interesting interested in seeing things like compound um and i would love to see uh some. Uh infrastructure for to start building downs no one on this call has this question. But definitely when i start to talk to people about about this process the first question. That people have is like oh is this evm compatible um can you just give a brief like highlight about the. Choices the tech stack choices and why why we made them yeah sure so we actually put out a blog. Post a couple months ago around why we decided to uh to go with wasm and we outlined a few options that we. That we considered but ended up not going with you know the evm is like the big uh elephant in the room obviously it's. On a bunch of uh different um different chains from ethereum to avalanche and others. But at you know the bottom line was that we were looking for something that we can really uh scale the network with. And the evm is you know has a lot of good things about it but there are some kind of glaring issues. That we didn't really want to ignore uh one of them is that uh it just doesn't lend itself well to. Parallelism which is something that is uh very important for us moving forward with the type of real world scale that. We're looking for the other thing is that they were just a lot of uh foot guns uh in the evm and a. Lot of ways to unintentionally um do the wrong thing so we wanted to make sure that we build. Something that is um you know it's batteries included you don't need to you know like the token contract that. John is building right now is going to be uh kind of like the native default way to build tokens on uh on job canada. So you wouldn't have to do stuff like deploy your own erc20 contract which you know in the ethereum ecosystem everyone. Just goes and like copy copy paste uh uh you know the open zeppelin erc20 contract and a lot of other contracts as. Well so there's a lot of small things where uh ethereum is not uh like uh evm is not the friendliest for. Developers uh and we wanna make sure that we're we're building uh something that's. Friendly for developers and builds for the future we have another question from uh mathias. Um evm compatibility uh you just need to build on evm compatible using jump cannon smart contracts uh like. Aurora.dev or near something to think about uh to bring to some uh ethereum projects i guess not really. A question so much as a statement did end with a question mark though yeah in my defense. And i posted the um the wazon blog and the live chat channel awesome um yeah i think aurora is a really uh is a. Really interesting um is a really interesting uh example of uh you know i think both near and and. Avalanche um you know recognize that evm is not really what they want to build on but at. That time from their perspective like the way to get to market was to have something evm compatible right so you. Know avalanche came up with the c chain which is which is um evm compatible uh near came up with with. Aurora um and like these are fine projects and they really show how like the you know. The developers of the chain themselves don't necessarily think that the evm is the. Way to go but they you know they they put in something um you know aurora is a a complete evm that runs as a smart. Contract which is a very interesting approach uh it's it's pretty wasteful both in. Terms of uh kind of like time and space but it also kind of like um it kind of like ruins the benefits that. You get from near right because now you can't actually you know all the sharding and the parallelism that you get from. Near you you don't get in aurora right and if you look at the actual tps numbers then they are like extremely low. So i think there's like you know there are pros and cons to every approach all right and uh moots has joined the. Chat um you have a question yeah i was just hoping to um ask about an update towards uh 55 i believe was. The number um i think the last stellar dev chat we had was on some of the fee mechanics. Specifically the underlying state exploration and i know that was a few weeks ago and. With july 4th and all i wasn't paying a ton a ton of close attention so i was wondering if there was any updates you. Could provide and i know it might not be fair since niko's not here um but just kind of regarding that. No that's great niko's not here so we can talk about cap55 um i would say that uh. We haven't uh there are some internal efforts uh to uh to come up with uh like opposing caps. Uh so i i think that cap 55 in its current form um you know we all acknowledge that it's. A it's a huge um it's it's different from anything other than you have out there and we want to make sure that we. Consider all the alternatives uh before taking such a step so the cap moods is talking about is cap 55. It's around fees most of it is around uh like gas and metering and uh or metering. Computation and uh and and kind of like state allocations that is the the the less offensive bit about cap 55 cap. 55 also presents this idea of like state expiration which is that stake state can expire. After a specific time if it's not uh used or not touched uh which is great in terms of uh making sure that the. That the the ledger state size is manageable uh but introduces an additional level of. Complexity for contract developers to have to actually uh both contract developers and for. Users to make sure that um you know important state just doesn't like disappear into the abyss. On that topic i highly recommend the talk given by uh the geth lead developer uh last month in prague. Around this uh uh kind of like time bomb that's in basically like any uvm chain out there. Which is uh you know like the state is growing in a rate where commodity hardware. Won't be able to handle it um soon enough and a lot of the evm chains out there that are just kind of like. Cranking up the tps numbers they're just uh gonna hit that wall uh a lot sooner uh so you know we wanna make sure that. Uh you know we're cognizant about this issue and and have some uh strategy to mitigate it. Cool thanks for the update and we have a question from jason c uh how is develop development of linking. Stellar classic tokens and their potential smart contract equivalents looking uh will classic tokens and their smart. Wrapped versions be interoperable in the background or will developers need to create their. Own wrapped versions that users will need to trade between this one's for me i can tell. Um so this is a good question and the wrong one the interoperability really comes from the contracts that. Smart uh rather the the contracts that other developers built the native token contract that we're. Going to provide is going to have good interoperability between classic assets and. Smart assets so you know basically if you use that and you know the contract that you build is. Compatible with that uh contract the native contract then you're good to go but like let's say that you like some. Other kind of you know token you know on ethereum there are more types of tokens than just erc20 tokens. Um maybe that's not a good compatibility fit for you and then you don't get the interoperability guaranteed. But in like the most basic case where you have a stellar asset classic asset it's. Fun it's like a fundable asset like it's a argentinian peso for example um then like you should expect to have. Excellent interoperability with with a smart contract assuming that the native contract we're providing is widely. Adopted i'm saying same question regarding nfts um sorry i think i just cut you off john. But i think you were just going to read that question out right yeah i was going to do that i was also. Going to ask if jason was the ceo um and then i asked that question with regard to the uh. To the nfts uh tomer has asked me the same question about like what we should be doing for. Like nft interoperability against like classic nfts uh and i basically told tomer like i. Haven't thought about and i'll think about it in august so i don't know the answers to that. Question yet um tomer might have some insights on that regard in terms of what he thinks should. Happen so i'll turn it over to tomorrow here um yeah i think that's a that's a very. Good question that we need to to figure out uh i don't think uh fred is in the audience. Right now but i would love to get fred's take on it uh whether we need to have this like. Opinionated uh like default nft contract um you know the type of nfts that you can issue in uh and by enlightenment. Today uh are still interoperable with jump cannon uh in the sense that any uh token from classic is interoperable. Through these like rap tokens uh the question is do we want to introduce uh like a native. Representation uh on on the on the smart side and what form should it take should. It just be like this regular token with uh you know with like zero decimal places. Um those are open questions and i think we need to kind of like survey nft contracts in the ecosystem to better. Understand that um and that's like john said that work is slated for next month all right uh. Matthias has another question i'm glad he labeled it as a question for me are there any current education uh stellar. Partners such as stellar quest or the like uh working on trading and or education in preparation for jump. Cannons launch smooth onboarding for devs uh no not yet but that's definitely planned um you know like i said right. Now the um you know the docs and the materials are just like not in a place where uh. Where it's easy to onboard uh but it's a it's a very top priority for us to get there. I think maybe seashells wanted to be in the recording um so seashells has uh wished us all a happy thursday. We have pantheon wants to speak here you go i just i don't know if you can answer. This quickly or not it's more of a security question as to uh do you see any security flaws with this platform or. Any potential uh issues uh particularly right now if current security flaws if if someone gets a hold of your secret. Key your wallet's exposed uh would this smart contract be kind of in the same situation where if someone has. A secret key access that's that the whole smart contract is now exposed or um i would say that smart contracts. Introduce um a lot of you know they allow contract developers to write arbitrary code. That is deployed on chain it's uh it definitely is more powerful than the current protocol. But it definitely gives developers some more rope to hang themselves with uh from the actual platform security. Perspective we're planning on multiple audits uh to ensure that uh the platform itself is uh. Is safe with that said uh you know it's it's impossible to enforce safeness in the protocol level. And it will be up to developers uh to ensure that the contracts that they write are safe we. Are going to publish a lot of information on how to maintain security and we are also planning on a grants. Program that will include grants for auditing but at the end of the day um there how should i put it uh. You know like shitty code will exist and it will be unsafe you can never stop it but uh. Yeah uh i just want to know the likelihood and like sort of the the system that's being. Created uh the the possibility of of that happening but overall thank you for the answering that. We have one more question from the text channel um can you talk a little bit about anchors and jump canon yeah so. From the anchors perspective they don't actually need to uh to change anything about their offerings. Because you know the type of assets that they're dealing with are classic assets and they can. Uh so nothing really changes about about the on and off ramp um if if they're um you know they could if they choose to um. On-ramp directly to smart to the smart side um or allow off-ramping through that uh but we expect wallets to be able. To to officially move assets between these two sides so that is not necessarily a required. Thing for you know for issuers even issuers of classic assets could with their existing issue or. Authorization they can move to mint over on the on the smart side for the same asset the. Exact same asset one advantage of that you know we hear a lot from uh from issuers. That uh stellar's model of like uh implicit uh minting through payments uh is sometimes. A bit idiosyncratic idiosyncratic for how they do things on other networks and the nice thing about the. The standard token contract on the smart side is that there's an explicit mint operation. Uh which makes things a bit more palatable so uh maybe we'll see issuers move to minting on the smart side but i'm not. Sure um so i think we're we passed the 35 minute mark and uh if there are no other. Questions uh maybe we can uh call it a day if you do have other questions for us come find us in the jump cannon channel. We're uh you can probably tell that we're in the dev channel all the time but talk to us in the normal one and. We'll uh we'll definitely respond to you guys.
