Hi hi everyone my name is morley zai and everyone my name is morley zai and everyone my name is morley zai and. Welcome back to Stellar's engineering welcome back to Stellar's engineering welcome back to Stellar's engineering. Talk series talk series talk series I lead the app team on vibrant and I'm I lead the app team on vibrant and I'm. I lead the app team on vibrant and I'm going to talk to you today about how our going to talk to you today about how our. Going to talk to you today about how our app handles deposits and withdrawals app handles deposits and withdrawals. App handles deposits and withdrawals at the end of my talk i'll field any at the end of my talk i'll field any. At the end of my talk i'll field any questions you have questions you have questions you have. I think there's a qr code at the bottom I think there's a qr code at the bottom I think there's a qr code at the bottom. Of the broadcast of the broadcast of the broadcast or you can drop the questions in the. Or you can drop the questions in the or you can drop the questions in the youtube chat and i'll answer them at the. Youtube chat and i'll answer them at the youtube chat and i'll answer them at the. End end end so first i'll briefly explain what so first i'll briefly explain what. So first i'll briefly explain what vibrate is in case you haven't heard of vibrate is in case you haven't heard of. Vibrate is in case you haven't heard of it it it so we just launched this week in the app. So we just launched this week in the app so we just launched this week in the app. Store it's a soft launch for now store it's a soft launch for now store it's a soft launch for now. It's an app that lets you deposit local it's an app that lets you deposit local it's an app that lets you deposit local. Currency currency currency and convert them to and from the usd and convert them to and from the usd. And convert them to and from the usd token on the Stellar network token on the Stellar network. Token on the Stellar network like I said we've soft launched this like I said we've soft launched this. Like I said we've soft launched this week our first market is argentina week our first market is argentina. Week our first market is argentina because that's because that's because that's kind of where people will see the most. Kind of where people will see the most kind of where people will see the most benefit. Benefit benefit and our goal is for people to and our goal is for people to and our goal is for people to. Protect themselves from currency risk protect themselves from currency risk protect themselves from currency risk. And and and we're hoping that the app is easy it we're hoping that the app is easy it. we're hoping that the app is easy it is is easy enough to use so that people is is easy enough to use so that people. Is is easy enough to use so that people ordinary people can use it not just ordinary people can use it not just. ordinary people can use it not just people who are really into current people who are really into current. People who are really into current cryptocurrency and understand you know cryptocurrency and understand you know. Cryptocurrency and understand you know how how how the Stellar network works that way. The Stellar network works that way the Stellar network works that way the most the most amount of people can. The most the most amount of people can the most the most amount of people can use the product and realize its benefits. Use the product and realize its benefits use the product and realize its benefits. So for this app to work in that with so for this app to work in that with so for this app to work in that with. That goal that goal that goal people have to be able to take their people have to be able to take their. People have to be able to take their existing money existing money existing money. which can be in cash or in their bank which can be in cash or in their bank. which can be in cash or in their bank accounts accounts accounts and get it onto the seller network the. And get it onto the seller network the and get it onto the seller network the vibrant app doesn't actually do this. Vibrant app doesn't actually do this vibrant app doesn't actually do this step step. Step so we use third parties which the so we use third parties which the so we use third parties which the. Stellar network calls anchors to handle Stellar network calls anchors to handle Stellar network calls anchors to handle. This exchange this exchange this exchange so first i'll show you what it looks so first i'll show you what it looks. So first i'll show you what it looks like for a user and then i'll go into like for a user and then i'll go into. Like for a user and then i'll go into the flow the flow the flow and show you what's happening under the. And show you what's happening under the and show you what's happening under the hood so. Hood so hood so we're going to go through a test net we're going to go through a test net. We're going to go through a test net version of the app and we're going to use the Stellar. And we're going to use the Stellar reference token which reference token which reference token which. Is kind of a reference reference is kind of a reference reference is kind of a reference reference. Implementation for step 24 implementation for step 24 implementation for step 24 and has the the same deposit you api. And has the the same deposit you api and has the the same deposit you api that the actual. That the actual that the actual production anchors use so when a user production anchors use so when a user. Production anchors use so when a user wants to add tokens from outside the app wants to add tokens from outside the app. Wants to add tokens from outside the app into the app into the app into the app they have a few options the one that. They have a few options the one that they have a few options the one that we're going to talk. We're going to talk we're going to talk about today is is getting money from about today is is getting money from. About today is is getting money from outside the Stellar network into the outside the Stellar network into the. Outside the Stellar network into the network network network so again this cash credit card or bank. So again this cash credit card or bank so again this cash credit card or bank account. Account account deposit so each anchor deposit so each anchor deposit so each anchor. Has their own policies about minimum and has their own policies about minimum and. Has their own policies about minimum and maximum maximum maximum deposits so we have to show that to a. Deposits so we have to show that to a deposits so we have to show that to a. User and we user and we user and we also want to give a user a rough also want to give a user a rough. Also want to give a user a rough explanation of how long explanation of how long explanation of how long. They can expect this deposit to take they can expect this deposit to take they can expect this deposit to take. The user will see a ui where they can the user will see a ui where they can the user will see a ui where they can. Enter their deposit amount enter their deposit amount enter their deposit amount and any know your customer. And any know your customer and any know your customer information that the anchor requires. Information that the anchor requires information that the anchor requires and then the the user will see. And then the the user will see and then the the user will see instructions about how to complete the. Instructions about how to complete the instructions about how to complete the deposit so. Deposit so deposit so if it's a cash transaction they'll see if it's a cash transaction they'll see. If it's a cash transaction they'll see how to deposit the cash if it's a bank how to deposit the cash if it's a bank. How to deposit the cash if it's a bank transfer they'll see instructions of transfer they'll see instructions of. Transfer they'll see instructions of what they can enter into their bank what they can enter into their bank . What they can enter into their bank if if they're deposing with credit card if if they're deposing with credit card. If if they're deposing with credit card they'll see a credit card form they'll see a credit card form. They'll see a credit card form basically it'll it'll tell the user what basically it'll it'll tell the user what. Basically it'll it'll tell the user what to do next after they've to do next after they've. To do next after they've they've done the step if if the user they've done the step if if the user. They've done the step if if the user has the app open has the app open has the app open. When the anchor when when they're when the anchor when when they're when the anchor when when they're. Finished with their part and it's it's finished with their part and it's it's finished with their part and it's it's. The anchors turned the anchors turned the anchors turned to do the processing then they'll see a. To do the processing then they'll see a to do the processing then they'll see a confirmation screen. Confirmation screen confirmation screen and when the actual deposit resolves and when the actual deposit resolves. And when the actual deposit resolves much later if they're if the app is open much later if they're if the app is open. Much later if they're if the app is open they'll see a notification in the app they'll see a notification in the app. They'll see a notification in the app if the app is not open they should see a if the app is not open they should see a. If the app is not open they should see a push notification so I'm gonna I'm gonna go through the. So I'm gonna I'm gonna go through the exact same flow and exact same flow and exact same flow and. Tell you the precise api calls tell you the precise api calls tell you the precise api calls. And specifically the the sdk calls and specifically the the sdk calls and specifically the the sdk calls. That we use that we use that we use to to make this happen so our app is to to make this happen so our app is. To to make this happen so our app is written in react native so written in react native so. Written in react native so we use a javascript wallet sdk we use a javascript wallet sdk. We use a javascript wallet sdk that Stellar maintains to handle the that Stellar maintains to handle the. That Stellar maintains to handle the interactions with interactions with interactions with. With the anchors the wallet sdk contains with the anchors the wallet sdk contains. With the anchors the wallet sdk contains several tools that make it easier for several tools that make it easier for. Several tools that make it easier for wallets to interact with the Stellar wallets to interact with the Stellar. Wallets to interact with the Stellar network network network and one of the most important ones that. And one of the most important ones that and one of the most important ones that we use is the deposit provider. We use is the deposit provider we use is the deposit provider there's also a corresponding withdrawal. There's also a corresponding withdrawal there's also a corresponding withdrawal provider and this just provides a really. Provider and this just provides a really provider and this just provides a really. Easy to use api for step 24 and some easy to use api for step 24 and some easy to use api for step 24 and some. Common common common use patterns that you'll need to do use patterns that you'll need to do. use patterns that you'll need to do with them with them with them so firstly we. So firstly we so firstly we we want vibrant to be as easy as used we want vibrant to be as easy as used. We want vibrant to be as easy as used for as possible for users for as possible for users. For as possible for users so that means we want to we want to so that means we want to we want to. so that means we want to we want to pick tokens that pick tokens that pick tokens that. where we know the anchor that is where we know the anchor that is where we know the anchor that is. Issuing them issuing them issuing them we understand that their their business we understand that their their business. We understand that their their business practices are practices are practices are. Are what we need that they're legally are what we need that they're legally are what we need that they're legally. Their sound and their country their sound and their country their sound and their country. And that their user interface is clear and that their user interface is clear and that their user interface is clear. And understandable and understandable and understandable so so for now we have a hard-coded list. So so for now we have a hard-coded list so so for now we have a hard-coded list of the currencies that we support. Of the currencies that we support of the currencies that we support and each time we call out to an. and each time we call out to an and each time we call out to an anchor we need to authorize that. Anchor we need to authorize that anchor we need to authorize that that call and and . that call and and that call and and let the anchor know that the person. Let the anchor know that the person let the anchor know that the person who's making the call has. Who's making the call has who's making the call has has ownership over the the Stellar. Has ownership over the the Stellar has ownership over the the Stellar token that they want to deposit withdraw. Token that they want to deposit withdraw token that they want to deposit withdraw. From from from so the way we do that is we request a so the way we do that is we request a. So the way we do that is we request a step 10 auth token step 10 auth token step 10 auth token. From each anchor now the from each anchor now the from each anchor now the the actual Stellar key on the app is. The actual Stellar key on the app is the actual Stellar key on the app is secured. Secured secured with the wallet sdk's key manager class with the wallet sdk's key manager class. With the wallet sdk's key manager class it the key manager class also has a. It the key manager class also has a it the key manager class also has a function called. Function called function called fetch off token and that that handles fetch off token and that that handles. Fetch off token and that that handles the full exchange of the full exchange of the full exchange of. The challenge transaction and signing the challenge transaction and signing. The challenge transaction and signing the challenge transaction the challenge transaction. The challenge transaction it basically handles that that it basically handles that that . It basically handles that that hand-off so hand-off so hand-off so all the app does is call fetch auth. All the app does is call fetch auth all the app does is call fetch auth token token. Token on the key manager and then we we also on the key manager and then we we also. On the key manager and then we we also call deposit providers set up auth token call deposit providers set up auth token. Call deposit providers set up auth token so that so that so that subsequent requests using deposit. Subsequent requests using deposit subsequent requests using deposit provider will be authorized with that. Provider will be authorized with that provider will be authorized with that token. Token token now there's an implementation now there's an implementation now there's an implementation. Implementation detail right now where implementation detail right now where implementation detail right now where. We don't we've chosen not to worry about we don't we've chosen not to worry about. We don't we've chosen not to worry about timeouts and we just call timeouts and we just call. Timeouts and we just call we just fetch the auth token before we just fetch the auth token before. We just fetch the auth token before every call but in the future we might every call but in the future we might. Every call but in the future we might have have smarter timeouts because for have have smarter timeouts because for. Have have smarter timeouts because for each step 10 call there's there's two each step 10 call there's there's two. Each step 10 call there's there's two round trips round trips round trips and that can get expensive especially. and that can get expensive especially and that can get expensive especially. On mobile where the connections aren't on mobile where the connections aren't on mobile where the connections aren't. As good as good as good but for now we don't want to worry about but for now we don't want to worry about. But for now we don't want to worry about timeouts so we just get an auth token timeouts so we just get an auth token. Timeouts so we just get an auth token before every before every before every api call. so on this screen when we we need to so on this screen when we we need to show the users roughly how long a. Show the users roughly how long a show the users roughly how long a transaction will take to. Transaction will take to transaction will take to process and minimize the maximums so. Process and minimize the maximums so process and minimize the maximums so the positive provider has a function get. The positive provider has a function get the positive provider has a function get. Asset info that fetches these minimums asset info that fetches these minimums asset info that fetches these minimums. And maximums and maximums and maximums it does not have I don't think it has or it does not have I don't think it has or. It does not have I don't think it has or it has inconsistent support for it has inconsistent support for. It has inconsistent support for processing time so for now those are processing time so for now those are. Processing time so for now those are hard-coded on this screen when a user taps the. On this screen when a user taps the continue button continue button continue button. We use a the start deposit function on we use a the start deposit function on we use a the start deposit function on. The deposit provider the deposit provider the deposit provider to initiate the deposit and this request. To initiate the deposit and this request to initiate the deposit and this request. Includes some information that makes includes some information that makes includes some information that makes. The deposit a little bit smoother so we the deposit a little bit smoother so we the deposit a little bit smoother so we. We send to the anchor the wallet name we send to the anchor the wallet name we send to the anchor the wallet name. And the url and the url and the url of the wallet and that's so in some of the wallet and that's so in some. Of the wallet and that's so in some cases the anchor can customize the ui to cases the anchor can customize the ui to. Cases the anchor can customize the ui to be closer to the wallet be closer to the wallet. Be closer to the wallet we also include some some information we also include some some information. we also include some some information that that that that pre-fills some know your customer. That pre-fills some know your customer that pre-fills some know your customer fields. Fields fields so that right now that's email phone so that right now that's email phone. so that right now that's email phone number and name that's basically all the number and name that's basically all the. Number and name that's basically all the information information information we collect from that vibrant collects. We collect from that vibrant collects we collect from that vibrant collects from the user. From the user from the user again that's all in the goal of making again that's all in the goal of making. Again that's all in the goal of making things as easy as possible for the user things as easy as possible for the user. Things as easy as possible for the user the anchor will respond to the start the anchor will respond to the start. the anchor will respond to the start deposit request deposit request deposit request. With two things one is a url and the with two things one is a url and the with two things one is a url and the. Other other other is the an id for the deposit we're going is the an id for the deposit we're going. Is the an id for the deposit we're going to use that id a little bit later but to use that id a little bit later but. To use that id a little bit later but for now for now for now we we use a webview to load the url. We we use a webview to load the url we we use a webview to load the url and this loads a a user interface that. And this loads a a user interface that and this loads a a user interface that is is. Is a a web user interface the anchor a a web user interface the anchor a a web user interface the anchor. Manages that that user interface they're manages that that user interface they're. Manages that that user interface they're in charge of everything that occurs in in charge of everything that occurs in. In charge of everything that occurs in that web view this is going to be kyc info. this is going to be kyc info amount they're going to generate amount they're going to generate. Amount they're going to generate those those those those deposit instructions later. Those deposit instructions later those deposit instructions later basically anything that the anchor needs. Basically anything that the anchor needs basically anything that the anchor needs. To be able to to be able to to be able to to do this deposit for the user to do this deposit for the user. To do this deposit for the user since the web a web view is a black box since the web a web view is a black box. Since the web a web view is a black box we can't really tell when the user is we can't really tell when the user is. We can't really tell when the user is done and when the anchor has to take done and when the anchor has to take. Done and when the anchor has to take over over over but the app the app needs to react. but the app the app needs to react but the app the app needs to react that information. That information that information we don't just want to sit on a page we we don't just want to sit on a page we. We don't just want to sit on a page we want want want to be able to know when to move on from. To be able to know when to move on from to be able to know when to move on from it so to do that we need to ask the. It so to do that we need to ask the it so to do that we need to ask the anchor for all that information. So in order to do this we need to so in order to do this we need to use the deposit id that the anchor gave. Use the deposit id that the anchor gave use the deposit id that the anchor gave us earlier. So so firstly once we have the deposit so so firstly once we have the deposit id we save it to our servers. Id we save it to our servers id we save it to our servers so that to vibrant servers so that if. So that to vibrant servers so that if so that to vibrant servers so that if the user closes the app and then. The user closes the app and then the user closes the app and then opens it again later we can resume this. Opens it again later we can resume this opens it again later we can resume this session again. Session again session again and we use a function in the deposit and we use a function in the deposit. And we use a function in the deposit provider called watch all transactions provider called watch all transactions. Provider called watch all transactions it's basically it basically keeps a it's basically it basically keeps a. It's basically it basically keeps a channel open to channel open to channel open to. The anchor and updates provides a the anchor and updates provides a the anchor and updates provides a. Callback callback callback whenever that transaction changes status whenever that transaction changes status. Whenever that transaction changes status so this is kind of the object that we so this is kind of the object that we. So this is kind of the object that we get from the anchor get from the anchor get from the anchor. And the important field that we're and the important field that we're and the important field that we're. Looking for is a status field and that's looking for is a status field and that's. Looking for is a status field and that's lets us know where where the transaction. Lets us know where where the transaction lets us know where where the transaction. Is in its workflow usually anchors only create this start usually anchors only create this start. Returning this object after the user returning this object after the user returning this object after the user. Finishes out the form finishes out the form finishes out the form sometimes it happens slightly before or. Sometimes it happens slightly before or sometimes it happens slightly before or after . After after I think it will the status will usually I think it will the status will usually. I think it will the status will usually be incomplete be incomplete be incomplete. If the user has is still filling out if the user has is still filling out if the user has is still filling out. Details or details or details or the anchor still needs to collect the anchor still needs to collect. The anchor still needs to collect information information information once the user is so another another. Once the user is so another another once the user is so another another another status it could be is pending. Another status it could be is pending another status it could be is pending user or pending user transfer start. User or pending user transfer start user or pending user transfer start so whenever whenever the status is. So whenever whenever the status is so whenever whenever the status is describes a state where the user still. Describes a state where the user still describes a state where the user still has to fill out information. Has to fill out information has to fill out information we continue to show this screen and. We continue to show this screen and we continue to show this screen and again we. Again we again we if you close and reopen the app we use if you close and reopen the app we use. If you close and reopen the app we use the depos deposit id to resume the the depos deposit id to resume the. The depos deposit id to resume the deposit deposit deposit and these this this object also. and these this this object also and these this this object also has a more info url. Has a more info url has a more info url that can can resume the deposit so what when a user is in the state it's. So what when a user is in the state it's possible that possible that possible that. They they change their mind and they they they change their mind and they they they change their mind and they. Don't actually want to don't actually want to don't actually want to go through with a deposit anymore maybe. Go through with a deposit anymore maybe go through with a deposit anymore maybe they don't . They don't they don't maybe they just see a reason they can't maybe they just see a reason they can't. Maybe they just see a reason they can't do the deposit so so when a user is in a do the deposit so so when a user is in a. Do the deposit so so when a user is in a state state state we we show this cancel pending. We we show this cancel pending we we show this cancel pending transaction button at the bottom. Transaction button at the bottom transaction button at the bottom of the screen and behind the scenes all. Of the screen and behind the scenes all of the screen and behind the scenes all that does. That does that does is remove the deposit id from our is remove the deposit id from our. Is remove the deposit id from our servers so we no longer servers so we no longer. Servers so we no longer we no longer keep watch of that we no longer keep watch of that. We no longer keep watch of that particular deposit id particular deposit id particular deposit id. And it lets the user create a new and it lets the user create a new and it lets the user create a new. Deposit intent if they want to deposit intent if they want to deposit intent if they want to. there's we also do things like forget there's we also do things like forget. there's we also do things like forget deposits that are longer than an hour. deposits that are longer than an hour deposits that are longer than an hour. And old just and old just and old just so it keeps the ui clean so if if we get a transaction status. So if if we get a transaction status back from the anchor and it's back from the anchor and it's. Back from the anchor and it's it's a status that indicates that the it's a status that indicates that the. It's a status that indicates that the anchor is waiting for anchor is waiting for. Anchor is waiting for or the user is waiting for something or the user is waiting for something. Or the user is waiting for something that the anchor has to do which is that the anchor has to do which is. That the anchor has to do which is basically basically basically pending anchor pending external pending. Pending anchor pending external pending pending anchor pending external pending trust pending pending Stellar. Trust pending pending Stellar trust pending pending Stellar we should that's that's when we show. we should that's that's when we show we should that's that's when we show this . This this this processing confirmation screen we also have a backend service so. we also have a backend service so this is this is how we implement the this is this is how we implement the. This is this is how we implement the push notifications we have a back-end push notifications we have a back-end. Push notifications we have a back-end service service service that watches every transaction on the. That watches every transaction on the that watches every transaction on the Stellar network. Stellar network Stellar network whatever a transaction a payment whatever a transaction a payment. whatever a transaction a payment transaction comes in transaction comes in transaction comes in. It checks to see if the recipient of the it checks to see if the recipient of the. It checks to see if the recipient of the transaction transaction transaction is a vibrant user and if it is then we. Is a vibrant user and if it is then we is a vibrant user and if it is then we . if the recipient is a vibrant user and if the recipient is a vibrant user and if the recipient is a vibrant user and. The sender the sender the sender is an anchor then that that back-end is an anchor then that that back-end. Is an anchor then that that back-end service will service will service will call out to google or to apple to send a. Call out to google or to apple to send a call out to google or to apple to send a. Push notification push notification push notification withdrawals work basically the same way. Withdrawals work basically the same way withdrawals work basically the same way the only difference is after. The only difference is after the only difference is after this request will will this request will will. This request will will be the app will make a Stellar payment be the app will make a Stellar payment. Be the app will make a Stellar payment to the anchor to the anchor to the anchor to kind of kick off the first step so. To kind of kick off the first step so to kind of kick off the first step so whereas during a deposit. Whereas during a deposit whereas during a deposit we're waiting for the user to send funds. We're waiting for the user to send funds we're waiting for the user to send funds. To the anchor via their bank to the anchor via their bank to the anchor via their bank. Or credit card during withdrawal the or credit card during withdrawal the or credit card during withdrawal the. User is sending funds to the anchor via user is sending funds to the anchor via user is sending funds to the anchor via. The seller network and this is just an the seller network and this is just an the seller network and this is just an. Ordinary Stellar payment ordinary Stellar payment ordinary Stellar payment so that's pretty much it it's not very. So that's pretty much it it's not very so that's pretty much it it's not very complicated but. Complicated but complicated but it wasn't it was complicated to figure it wasn't it was complicated to figure. It wasn't it was complicated to figure out the right steps to get there but out the right steps to get there but. Out the right steps to get there but there's not a lot of stuff going on so there's not a lot of stuff going on so. There's not a lot of stuff going on so I'm happy to answer any questions that I'm happy to answer any questions that. I'm happy to answer any questions that anyone has anyone has anyone has as they come in. Okay so the first question is in which okay so the first question is in which countries is. Countries is countries is vibrant eligible to use vibrant eligible to use vibrant eligible to use. So right now I think so right now I think so right now I think I haven't looked at the actual app store. I haven't looked at the actual app store I haven't looked at the actual app store. Distribution list lately distribution list lately distribution list lately I think it's only released in argentina. I think it's only released in argentina I think it's only released in argentina but it could be wrong it might be. But it could be wrong it might be but it could be wrong it might be worldwide we right now we only support. Worldwide we right now we only support worldwide we right now we only support usdx which is anchored by anchor usd and. Usdx which is anchored by anchor usd and usdx which is anchored by anchor usd and. Arst which is anchored by stablex arst which is anchored by stablex arst which is anchored by stablex . We're planning to we're planning to we're planning to to support further tokens and further. To support further tokens and further to support further tokens and further geographies but for now our. Geographies but for now our geographies but for now our our efforts in terms of marketing and. Our efforts in terms of marketing and our efforts in terms of marketing and social media and. Social media and social media and you know getting people install the app you know getting people install the app. You know getting people install the app is focused in argentina but I think you is focused in argentina but I think you. Is focused in argentina but I think you can can can install the app no matter where you are. someone asked can payment be reversed someone asked can payment be reversed. From user input from user input from user input address error so I think it's possible. Address error so I think it's possible address error so I think it's possible to do. To do to do so but it'll it'll occur the way so but it'll it'll occur the way so but it'll it'll occur the way. any any bank transaction occurs any any bank transaction occurs any any bank transaction occurs. which is on the anchor side so if the which is on the anchor side so if the. which is on the anchor side so if the user user user enters in the wrong credit card number. Enters in the wrong credit card number enters in the wrong credit card number or something the anchor should have. Or something the anchor should have or something the anchor should have all the information. All the information all the information to resolve that they have the user's to resolve that they have the user's. To resolve that they have the user's contact information contact information contact information. They have all their details so it's they have all their details so it's they have all their details so it's. Really really really it's kind of the decentralized ethos it's kind of the decentralized ethos. It's kind of the decentralized ethos that that that that that that we have that Stellar has created this. We have that Stellar has created this we have that Stellar has created this this anchor system. This anchor system this anchor system and the user's kind of interface with and the user's kind of interface with. And the user's kind of interface with the anchor to deal with any transaction the anchor to deal with any transaction. The anchor to deal with any transaction issues someone else asked can the user send. Someone else asked can the user send money directly to another user's bank money directly to another user's bank. Money directly to another user's bank account account account I think this feature is planned in the. I think this feature is planned in the I think this feature is planned in the in the future but right now. In the future but right now in the future but right now in vibrant all person-to-person. in vibrant all person-to-person in vibrant all person-to-person transactions use the seller network. Transactions use the seller network transactions use the seller network using Stellar payments. So so each party will have either had to so so each party will have either had to. Get funds from someone else or get funds from someone else or get funds from someone else or. Or done a deposit like I showed you to or done a deposit like I showed you to or done a deposit like I showed you to. To have money in the app someone asked are these libraries for someone asked are these libraries for. Using sep 24 using sep 24 using sep 24 available for golang right now the available for golang right now the. Available for golang right now the wallet sdk is written in javascript wallet sdk is written in javascript. Wallet sdk is written in javascript and there there isn't any any project and there there isn't any any project. And there there isn't any any project to port it to other languages to port it to other languages. To port it to other languages the go I don't intimately know the the go I don't intimately know the. The go I don't intimately know the state of the go sdk it may state of the go sdk it may. State of the go sdk it may have some of these but these are the have some of these but these are the. have some of these but these are the the wallet sdk is only an interface the wallet sdk is only an interface. The wallet sdk is only an interface into that that sort of cleans up all into that that sort of cleans up all. Into that that sort of cleans up all these api calls these api calls these api calls. They're at at heart they're just http they're at at heart they're just http they're at at heart they're just http. Requests so even if you don't we don't requests so even if you don't we don't requests so even if you don't we don't. We don't have a wallet sdk for go it's we don't have a wallet sdk for go it's we don't have a wallet sdk for go it's. Still possible to reproduce all this still possible to reproduce all this still possible to reproduce all this. Functionality functionality functionality using using a normal http request I think some new questions are coming in. I think some new questions are coming in that that they're they're sorting out. Okay looks like that's it so thanks okay looks like that's it so thanks everyone for listening to my talk. Everyone for listening to my talk everyone for listening to my talk if you have any questions you can reach. If you have any questions you can reach if you have any questions you can reach me at morley vibrant.cash. Me at morley vibrant.cash me at morley vibrant.cash but otherwise thanks a lot for listening. But otherwise thanks a lot for listening but otherwise thanks a lot for listening. And see you next time soon.
