That the Stellar development foundation that the Stellar development foundation when the war in Ukraine started we. When the war in Ukraine started we when the war in Ukraine started we realized there was an opportunity for us. Realized there was an opportunity for us realized there was an opportunity for us. To make a difference to make a difference to make a difference we had already been working with the. We had already been working with the we had already been working with the Ukrainian government on its digital. Ukrainian government on its digital Ukrainian government on its digital strategy and we realized that the vision. Strategy and we realized that the vision strategy and we realized that the vision. That we have for payment rails on that we have for payment rails on that we have for payment rails on. Blockchain the vision that we've blockchain the vision that we've blockchain the vision that we've. Implemented along with a lot of our implemented along with a lot of our implemented along with a lot of our. Technology Partners could really help technology Partners could really help technology Partners could really help. People in need people in need people in need so over the last 11 months we pushed. So over the last 11 months we pushed so over the last 11 months we pushed hard to make it a reality we pulled. Hard to make it a reality we pulled hard to make it a reality we pulled together our incredibly technology our. Together our incredibly technology our together our incredibly technology our incredible technology organizations that. Incredible technology organizations that incredible technology organizations that. You'll hear from today to create a you'll hear from today to create a you'll hear from today to create a. System that shows why the Stellar system that shows why the Stellar system that shows why the Stellar. Blockchain and its ecosystem combine to blockchain and its ecosystem combine to blockchain and its ecosystem combine to. Make something truly special make something truly special make something truly special. We navigated months of testing to make we navigated months of testing to make we navigated months of testing to make. Sure that this was worthy of those that sure that this was worthy of those that sure that this was worthy of those that. We are trying to help and Carmen Hutt we are trying to help and Carmen Hutt we are trying to help and Carmen Hutt. Who you'll hear from today planted the who you'll hear from today planted the who you'll hear from today planted the. Seed that got the whole thing moving so seed that got the whole thing moving so seed that got the whole thing moving so. We are so grateful to her for her vision we are so grateful to her for her vision. We are so grateful to her for her vision and Innovation and her trust in Building. And Innovation and her trust in Building and Innovation and her trust in Building. Together Together Together and all of that brings us to today and all of that brings us to today. And all of that brings us to today the Stellar blockchain Aid disbursement the Stellar blockchain Aid disbursement. The Stellar blockchain Aid disbursement system is live fully implemented by The system is live fully implemented by The. System is live fully implemented by The unhcr Who is delivering digital cash unhcr Who is delivering digital cash. Unhcr Who is delivering digital cash assistance to internally displaced assistance to internally displaced. Assistance to internally displaced people idps in Ukraine before we dig people idps in Ukraine before we dig. People idps in Ukraine before we dig into the specifics I want to share some into the specifics I want to share some. Into the specifics I want to share some important context important context important context. Hash based interventions serve as a hash based interventions serve as a hash based interventions serve as a. Lifeline to the world's most vulnerable Lifeline to the world's most vulnerable Lifeline to the world's most vulnerable. Populations this need is only growing populations this need is only growing populations this need is only growing. Most notably with the start of the war most notably with the start of the war most notably with the start of the war. In Ukraine causing some 7.8 million in Ukraine causing some 7.8 million in Ukraine causing some 7.8 million. Refugees to flee the country refugees to flee the country refugees to flee the country. And 6.5 million to become displaced and 6.5 million to become displaced and 6.5 million to become displaced. Within the country within the country within the country which pushed the number of forcibly. Which pushed the number of forcibly which pushed the number of forcibly displaced people globally to a hundred. Displaced people globally to a hundred displaced people globally to a hundred and three million for the first time the. And three million for the first time the and three million for the first time the. Highest number of forcibly displaced highest number of forcibly displaced highest number of forcibly displaced. People in history people in history people in history this disbursement system that we're. This disbursement system that we're this disbursement system that we're announcing today is designed to help. Announcing today is designed to help announcing today is designed to help these people by serving the aid. These people by serving the aid these people by serving the aid organizations that deliver Aid to them. Organizations that deliver Aid to them organizations that deliver Aid to them directly. Directly directly to tell us more I'd like to introduce to tell us more I'd like to introduce. To tell us more I'd like to introduce Carmen hat the unhcr treasurer who has Carmen hat the unhcr treasurer who has. Carmen hat the unhcr treasurer who has been a Visionary in spearheading the been a Visionary in spearheading the. Been a Visionary in spearheading the development of this solution since the development of this solution since the. Development of this solution since the start of this year with the SDF hi start of this year with the SDF hi. Start of this year with the SDF hi Carmen Carmen Carmen hello hello everyone yes indeed today is. Hello hello everyone yes indeed today is hello hello everyone yes indeed today is. A great day it's it's a it's a big a great day it's it's a it's a big a great day it's it's a it's a big. Step and of many to take yet to come step and of many to take yet to come step and of many to take yet to come. the solution is live so so that's the solution is live so so that's the solution is live so so that's. Good it's fully integrated and I'm also good it's fully integrated and I'm also good it's fully integrated and I'm also. Here wearing the the financial the here wearing the the financial the here wearing the the financial the. Financial head so I'm I'm a finance financial head so I'm I'm a finance financial head so I'm I'm a finance. Professional so we need to ensure that professional so we need to ensure that professional so we need to ensure that. This solution really meets our high this solution really meets our high this solution really meets our high. Criteria in traceability accountability criteria in traceability accountability criteria in traceability accountability. Making sure that we can actually report making sure that we can actually report making sure that we can actually report. Dollar by Dollar so we are confident Dollar by Dollar so we are confident Dollar by Dollar so we are confident. Today that the reporting tool is fully today that the reporting tool is fully today that the reporting tool is fully. In place and we can deliver in an in place and we can deliver in an in place and we can deliver in an. Accountable way so accountable way so accountable way so the solution is life and we have. The solution is life and we have the solution is life and we have basically implemented now in Kiev in. Basically implemented now in Kiev in basically implemented now in Kiev in liebe and in Venezia and more to come. Liebe and in Venezia and more to come liebe and in Venezia and more to come so far so good so it has absolutely. so far so good so it has absolutely so far so good so it has absolutely achieved what we what we wanted to. Achieved what we what we wanted to achieved what we what we wanted to achieve achieve. Achieve so we're on a we're on a good we're on a so we're on a we're on a good we're on a. So we're on a we're on a good we're on a good path here good path here good path here. As I've said many times internally to as I've said many times internally to as I've said many times internally to. Our team and also I think to you Carmen our team and also I think to you Carmen our team and also I think to you Carmen. You have really pushed us to be better you have really pushed us to be better you have really pushed us to be better. And to make sure that what we delivered and to make sure that what we delivered and to make sure that what we delivered. Was of the top quality so what role does was of the top quality so what role does. Was of the top quality so what role does cash assistance play in the unhcr cash assistance play in the unhcr. Cash assistance play in the unhcr support of idps and refugees support of idps and refugees. Support of idps and refugees it obviously plays an incredible role it obviously plays an incredible role. It obviously plays an incredible role and it plays a crucial role because it and it plays a crucial role because it. And it plays a crucial role because it gives people really the choice because gives people really the choice because. Gives people really the choice because we have to imagine any of us if we were we have to imagine any of us if we were. We have to imagine any of us if we were to if we were to be forcibly displaced to if we were to be forcibly displaced. To if we were to be forcibly displaced you know what we would actually need so you know what we would actually need so. You know what we would actually need so we really need to have you know we really need to have you know. We really need to have you know Financial inclusion as well so it Financial inclusion as well so it. Financial inclusion as well so it provides and strengthens livelihoods and provides and strengthens livelihoods and. Provides and strengthens livelihoods and also economic growth it means that also economic growth it means that. Also economic growth it means that people really have that choice of what people really have that choice of what. People really have that choice of what they need and when they need it so they they need and when they need it so they. They need and when they need it so they have access immediately to to the have access immediately to to the. Have access immediately to to the financial ecosystem so that's that's financial ecosystem so that's that's. Financial ecosystem so that's that's really key really key really key and you already touched on a bit about. And you already touched on a bit about and you already touched on a bit about the the notion of the transparency and. The the notion of the transparency and the the notion of the transparency and and from and putting your financial hat. And from and putting your financial hat and from and putting your financial hat on but what are the benefits to the. On but what are the benefits to the on but what are the benefits to the unhcr of this system that that we've. Unhcr of this system that that we've unhcr of this system that that we've built together. Built together built together yeah the benefits are are vast and yeah the benefits are are vast and. Yeah the benefits are are vast and multiple so multiple so multiple so on on one side we have instant access it. On on one side we have instant access it on on one side we have instant access it. Provides instant access to the financial provides instant access to the financial. Provides instant access to the financial ecosystems ecosystems ecosystems with with obviously bulk. with with obviously bulk with with obviously bulk disbursements so many many . Disbursements so many many disbursements so many many beneficiaries can be reached in in no. Beneficiaries can be reached in in no beneficiaries can be reached in in no time in an extreme Rapid Way. Time in an extreme Rapid Way time in an extreme Rapid Way there's transparency so we can we can. There's transparency so we can we can there's transparency so we can we can. Basically follow follow the money follow the data follow follow the money follow the data. All the time anytime anywhere on any all the time anytime anywhere on any all the time anytime anywhere on any. Device so we have full full visibility device so we have full full visibility device so we have full full visibility. On all transactional on all transactional on all transactional interaction interaction. interaction as I said access is very important so as I said access is very important so. As I said access is very important so access to access to access to to to to to money access to money but. To to to to money access to money but to to to to money access to money but access to markets as well. Access to markets as well access to markets as well and basically for the most vulnerable to. And basically for the most vulnerable to and basically for the most vulnerable to. Make sure that they can really survive make sure that they can really survive make sure that they can really survive. Because we're talking about survival because we're talking about survival because we're talking about survival. Here here here stability because it's the usdc here we stability because it's the usdc here we. Stability because it's the usdc here we are using so that means that any time on are using so that means that any time on. Are using so that means that any time on the wallet that the beneficiaries can the wallet that the beneficiaries can. The wallet that the beneficiaries can actually carry the US dollar actually carry the US dollar. Actually carry the US dollar and it is not obviously it's not due to and it is not obviously it's not due to. And it is not obviously it's not due to devaluation at this point so they have a devaluation at this point so they have a. Devaluation at this point so they have a choice as and when they withdraw choice as and when they withdraw. Choice as and when they withdraw partially or fully partially or fully partially or fully. And it is portable so as people are on and it is portable so as people are on and it is portable so as people are on. The move they they have access to that the move they they have access to that the move they they have access to that. Money all the time as and when they need money all the time as and when they need. Money all the time as and when they need it it it and there's the cash out so the cash out. And there's the cash out so the cash out and there's the cash out so the cash out. Options are very important because it options are very important because it options are very important because it. Needs to be contextually relevant and needs to be contextually relevant and needs to be contextually relevant and. The access to money the access to money the access to money for survival is crucial through these. For survival is crucial through these for survival is crucial through these Solutions so it's not a hypothetical. Solutions so it's not a hypothetical Solutions so it's not a hypothetical solution it's a solution that is. Solution it's a solution that is solution it's a solution that is contextually relevant and is working. Contextually relevant and is working contextually relevant and is working yeah I love to hear those words we've. Yeah I love to hear those words we've yeah I love to hear those words we've worked together for so long to make this. Worked together for so long to make this worked together for so long to make this. Happen happen happen you've already touched a bit on the you've already touched a bit on the. you've already touched a bit on the the notion of the the transparency and the notion of the the transparency and. The notion of the the transparency and from a financial management and from a financial management and. From a financial management and Reporting is that something that's Reporting is that something that's. Reporting is that something that's really important not just to obviously really important not just to obviously. Really important not just to obviously the unhcr as it's doing its own the unhcr as it's doing its own. The unhcr as it's doing its own reporting but to the unhcr donors reporting but to the unhcr donors. Reporting but to the unhcr donors yes of course so we have we have high yes of course so we have we have high. Yes of course so we have we have high scrutiny on each and every dollar that scrutiny on each and every dollar that. Scrutiny on each and every dollar that that we get to to deploy that we get to to deploy . That we get to to deploy assistance and Aid in general assistance and Aid in general. Assistance and Aid in general the key here is that we need to get the key here is that we need to get. The key here is that we need to get we need to get visibility that we can we need to get visibility that we can. we need to get visibility that we can do that reporting so whilst we have data. Do that reporting so whilst we have data do that reporting so whilst we have data. Available on the Chain we need to make available on the Chain we need to make available on the Chain we need to make. Sure that we have on time on time sure that we have on time on time sure that we have on time on time. Real time real time real time the the the information available so the the the the information available so the. The the the information available so the scrutiny is is is higher is higher than scrutiny is is is higher is higher than. Scrutiny is is is higher is higher than actually in kind in kind assistance actually in kind in kind assistance. Actually in kind in kind assistance in kind would be if we deliver if we in kind would be if we deliver if we. In kind would be if we deliver if we deliver a bag of rice so the key here is deliver a bag of rice so the key here is. Deliver a bag of rice so the key here is that every dollar is basically monitored. That every dollar is basically monitored that every dollar is basically monitored. Real time real time real time and reported upon and reported upon and reported upon. Thank you so much for that all of these thank you so much for that all of these thank you so much for that all of these. these these things that you just these these things that you just these these things that you just. Mentioned are so important and have so mentioned are so important and have so mentioned are so important and have so. Much to do with just the value of much to do with just the value of much to do with just the value of. Blockchain but also just the value of blockchain but also just the value of blockchain but also just the value of. These tools that we've built together these tools that we've built together . These tools that we've built together we wanted to share a message from Deputy. We wanted to share a message from Deputy we wanted to share a message from Deputy. Minister bornyakov of Ukraine the minister bornyakov of Ukraine the minister bornyakov of Ukraine the. Ministry of digital transformation has ministry of digital transformation has ministry of digital transformation has. Been supportive of the development of been supportive of the development of been supportive of the development of. The solution over the past few months so the solution over the past few months so. The solution over the past few months so we'll go ahead and play that now we'll go ahead and play that now. We'll go ahead and play that now greetings everybody greetings everybody greetings everybody. Ukraine has been fighting for the future Ukraine has been fighting for the future. Ukraine has been fighting for the future it's Democratic choice and its survival it's Democratic choice and its survival. It's Democratic choice and its survival as a nation as a nation as a nation 2022 is the hardest year for a country. 2022 is the hardest year for a country 2022 is the hardest year for a country for 11 months we have been fighting with. For 11 months we have been fighting with for 11 months we have been fighting with. A brutal illegal Russian aggression a brutal illegal Russian aggression a brutal illegal Russian aggression. Almost a year ukrainians have been almost a year ukrainians have been almost a year ukrainians have been. Fighting not only for their country's fighting not only for their country's fighting not only for their country's. Survival and sovereignty but also to survival and sovereignty but also to survival and sovereignty but also to. Enhance European security and prove that enhance European security and prove that. Enhance European security and prove that democracy is still the most vibrant form. Democracy is still the most vibrant form democracy is still the most vibrant form. Of governance of governance of governance today another biggest shelling of today another biggest shelling of. Today another biggest shelling of Ukraine happened Ukraine happened Ukraine happened. Dozens Iranian drones in the very heart dozens Iranian drones in the very heart dozens Iranian drones in the very heart. Of Ukrainian Capital targeting critical of Ukrainian Capital targeting critical of Ukrainian Capital targeting critical. Infrastructure when people were supposed infrastructure when people were supposed. Infrastructure when people were supposed to be going to work to be going to work to be going to work. Today 30 of power plants are destroyed today 30 of power plants are destroyed today 30 of power plants are destroyed. People have lost their access to the people have lost their access to the people have lost their access to the. Essentials electricity and water supply essentials electricity and water supply essentials electricity and water supply. Russian energy terrorism is a new way of Russian energy terrorism is a new way of. Russian energy terrorism is a new way of blackmailing not only creating but the blackmailing not only creating but the. Blackmailing not only creating but the whole world whole world whole world Russian terrorism isn't related to. Russian terrorism isn't related to Russian terrorism isn't related to winning over strategic objects this was. Winning over strategic objects this was winning over strategic objects this was made to scare this track and let's be. Made to scare this track and let's be made to scare this track and let's be honest to kill ukrainians. Honest to kill ukrainians honest to kill ukrainians back in 1991 Ukraine chose to be an. Back in 1991 Ukraine chose to be an back in 1991 Ukraine chose to be an independent sovereign country. Independent sovereign country independent sovereign country and in 2022 we're fighting for a choice. And in 2022 we're fighting for a choice and in 2022 we're fighting for a choice from the early days of fosuke invasion. From the early days of fosuke invasion from the early days of fosuke invasion we realized that we can mean only with. We realized that we can mean only with we realized that we can mean only with the help of Technologies new approaches. The help of Technologies new approaches the help of Technologies new approaches and Innovations. And Innovations and Innovations Ukraine is using Cutting Edge Ukraine is using Cutting Edge. Ukraine is using Cutting Edge Technologies such as blockchain Technologies such as blockchain. Technologies such as blockchain cryptocurrencies nfts and web 3 in face cryptocurrencies nfts and web 3 in face. Cryptocurrencies nfts and web 3 in face of the Dreadful challenges of the of the Dreadful challenges of the. Of the Dreadful challenges of the Russian war Russian war Russian war and today we can see how embracing. And today we can see how embracing and today we can see how embracing blockchain technology allow us to scale. Blockchain technology allow us to scale blockchain technology allow us to scale humanitarian efforts in a way that. Humanitarian efforts in a way that humanitarian efforts in a way that wasn't possible before. Wasn't possible before wasn't possible before the United Nation Refugee agency and the. The United Nation Refugee agency and the the United Nation Refugee agency and the. Stellar development foundation launched Stellar development foundation launched Stellar development foundation launched. A first of its kind blockchain payment a first of its kind blockchain payment a first of its kind blockchain payment. Solution for digital cash distribution solution for digital cash distribution solution for digital cash distribution. To internally displaced persons in to internally displaced persons in to internally displaced persons in. Ukraine for fleeing ukrainians and Ukraine for fleeing ukrainians and Ukraine for fleeing ukrainians and. Primarily for those whose Banks accounts primarily for those whose Banks accounts. Primarily for those whose Banks accounts are in acceptable this pilot project are in acceptable this pilot project. Are in acceptable this pilot project providing humanitarian assistance using providing humanitarian assistance using. Providing humanitarian assistance using a digital wallet based on blockchain a digital wallet based on blockchain. A digital wallet based on blockchain technology technology technology and will serve as a possible Lifeline. And will serve as a possible Lifeline and will serve as a possible Lifeline for survival. For survival for survival the project itself is a vivid example of the project itself is a vivid example of. The project itself is a vivid example of how blockchain has the potential to how blockchain has the potential to. How blockchain has the potential to transform the way humanitarian funds are transform the way humanitarian funds are. Transform the way humanitarian funds are allocated allocated allocated the use of blockchain Technology allows. The use of blockchain Technology allows the use of blockchain Technology allows to ensure that the most vulnerable. To ensure that the most vulnerable to ensure that the most vulnerable people will have access to funds. People will have access to funds people will have access to funds provided in their name in this way. Provided in their name in this way provided in their name in this way humanitarian efforts all over the world. Humanitarian efforts all over the world humanitarian efforts all over the world will be strengthened in unprecedented. Will be strengthened in unprecedented will be strengthened in unprecedented way way. Way the ministry of digital transformation the ministry of digital transformation. The ministry of digital transformation of Ukraine is grateful to the United of Ukraine is grateful to the United. Of Ukraine is grateful to the United Nations Refugee agency and the Stellar Nations Refugee agency and the Stellar. Nations Refugee agency and the Stellar development foundation for standing with development foundation for standing with. Development foundation for standing with the people of Ukraine and doing this in the people of Ukraine and doing this in. The people of Ukraine and doing this in such an efficient and modern way thank such an efficient and modern way thank. Such an efficient and modern way thank you so Carmen after hearing from from Mr so Carmen after hearing from from Mr. Bornyakoff and understanding you already bornyakoff and understanding you already. Bornyakoff and understanding you already had a really good sense of the had a really good sense of the. Had a really good sense of the challenges in Ukraine why did you challenges in Ukraine why did you. Challenges in Ukraine why did you believe this could be a good solution to believe this could be a good solution to. Believe this could be a good solution to Pilot there yeah Pilot there yeah Pilot there yeah. Like like we just heard that obviously like like we just heard that obviously like like we just heard that obviously. Ukraine is a global lead in the Ukraine is a global lead in the Ukraine is a global lead in the. Development of Technology solution they development of Technology solution they development of Technology solution they. Have a wide a white have a wide a white have a wide a white white companies obviously available. White companies obviously available white companies obviously available inside the countries as well so. Inside the countries as well so inside the countries as well so from from that also the the people. From from that also the the people from from that also the the people themselves are very digitally literature. Themselves are very digitally literature themselves are very digitally literature. Literate and also the regulatory literate and also the regulatory literate and also the regulatory. Environment very important of course to environment very important of course to environment very important of course to. Be able to access in a digital way the be able to access in a digital way the be able to access in a digital way the. Financial ecosystem financial ecosystem financial ecosystem and that allowed so the combination on. And that allowed so the combination on and that allowed so the combination on regulatory environment and as well the. Regulatory environment and as well the regulatory environment and as well the technology allows basically to to reach. Technology allows basically to to reach technology allows basically to to reach the people in need as I said before. The people in need as I said before the people in need as I said before what is most important to us is. What is most important to us is what is most important to us is obviously so you know to implement. Obviously so you know to implement obviously so you know to implement solutions that work. Solutions that work solutions that work and that are that are basically giving and that are that are basically giving. And that are that are basically giving that Lifeline to people in need so that Lifeline to people in need so. That Lifeline to people in need so Ukraine in this sense is is specific and Ukraine in this sense is is specific and. Ukraine in this sense is is specific and we would have to see how else we can we would have to see how else we can. We would have to see how else we can roll out this kind of solution further roll out this kind of solution further. Roll out this kind of solution further in the world in the world in the world thank you yes. Thank you yes thank you yes that's that's great and I'd love to turn that's that's great and I'd love to turn. That's that's great and I'd love to turn to the technical components that bring to the technical components that bring. To the technical components that bring this solution to life key pieces being this solution to life key pieces being. This solution to life key pieces being circles usdc the vibrant non-custodial circles usdc the vibrant non-custodial. Circles usdc the vibrant non-custodial wallet and MoneyGram International so wallet and MoneyGram International so. Wallet and MoneyGram International so let me just provide a really quick let me just provide a really quick. Let me just provide a really quick overview of how the funds the flow of overview of how the funds the flow of. Overview of how the funds the flow of funds and how they get from the unhcr to funds and how they get from the unhcr to. Funds and how they get from the unhcr to idps in Ukraine so the unhcr is idps in Ukraine so the unhcr is. Idps in Ukraine so the unhcr is responsible for program eligibility responsible for program eligibility. Responsible for program eligibility beneficiary enrollment and the beneficiary enrollment and the. Beneficiary enrollment and the allocation of relief Aid as well as the allocation of relief Aid as well as the. Allocation of relief Aid as well as the overall protection of the beneficiaries overall protection of the beneficiaries. Overall protection of the beneficiaries the unicc serves as the Technical the unicc serves as the Technical. The unicc serves as the Technical Solutions provider for unhcr it manages Solutions provider for unhcr it manages. Solutions provider for unhcr it manages the back end technology with the full the back end technology with the full. The back end technology with the full internal implementation of the Stellar internal implementation of the Stellar. Internal implementation of the Stellar disbursement platform and integration disbursement platform and integration. Disbursement platform and integration into the un's cash and Reporting systems into the un's cash and Reporting systems. Into the un's cash and Reporting systems making it the first independent instance. Making it the first independent instance making it the first independent instance. Of Stellar Aid assist which is so of Stellar Aid assist which is so of Stellar Aid assist which is so. Exciting to me the Stellar network is exciting to me the Stellar network is exciting to me the Stellar network is. The blockchain that transmits the funds the blockchain that transmits the funds the blockchain that transmits the funds. And holds the record of Truth with the and holds the record of Truth with the and holds the record of Truth with the. Stellar development foundation providing Stellar development foundation providing. Stellar development foundation providing Technical and programmatic support usdc Technical and programmatic support usdc. Technical and programmatic support usdc is a one-to-one backed digital dollar is a one-to-one backed digital dollar. Is a one-to-one backed digital dollar issued by Circle and it provides a issued by Circle and it provides a. Issued by Circle and it provides a trusted digital dollar stable corn trusted digital dollar stable corn. Trusted digital dollar stable corn stable coin for a safe store of value stable coin for a safe store of value. Stable coin for a safe store of value vibrant provides the digital vibrant provides the digital. Vibrant provides the digital non-custodial wallet software that non-custodial wallet software that. Non-custodial wallet software that enables program participants to receive enables program participants to receive. Enables program participants to receive and store their relief Aid and MoneyGram and store their relief Aid and MoneyGram. And store their relief Aid and MoneyGram International provides hundreds of International provides hundreds of. International provides hundreds of thousands of locations around the world thousands of locations around the world. Thousands of locations around the world where participants can cash out their where participants can cash out their. Where participants can cash out their digital dollars into local currency some digital dollars into local currency some. Digital dollars into local currency some MoneyGram locations support Cashing Out MoneyGram locations support Cashing Out. MoneyGram locations support Cashing Out physical USD and or Euro depending on physical USD and or Euro depending on. Physical USD and or Euro depending on user preferences so MoneyGram is user preferences so MoneyGram is. User preferences so MoneyGram is integrated with several large banks in integrated with several large banks in. Integrated with several large banks in Ukraine so it allows for seamless Ukraine so it allows for seamless. Ukraine so it allows for seamless digital cash outs to the beneficiaries digital cash outs to the beneficiaries. Digital cash outs to the beneficiaries bank accounts from their phone if that's bank accounts from their phone if that's. Bank accounts from their phone if that's the way they choose to do the cash out the way they choose to do the cash out. The way they choose to do the cash out so now I'd like to invite Dante desparte so now I'd like to invite Dante desparte. So now I'd like to invite Dante desparte from Circle and Anna Greenwald of from Circle and Anna Greenwald of. From Circle and Anna Greenwald of MoneyGram International to join this MoneyGram International to join this. MoneyGram International to join this discussion and talk about the specifics discussion and talk about the specifics. Discussion and talk about the specifics of this innovation of this innovation of this innovation. Dante can you speak to the value of Dante can you speak to the value of Dante can you speak to the value of. Having a digital dollar as a secure having a digital dollar as a secure having a digital dollar as a secure. Store of value in the humanitarian Aid store of value in the humanitarian Aid store of value in the humanitarian Aid. Use cases like this sure thank you use cases like this sure thank you use cases like this sure thank you. Denelle it's great to be with you and Denelle it's great to be with you and Denelle it's great to be with you and. With Carmen and Anna here today with Carmen and Anna here today with Carmen and Anna here today. this is one of these really powerful this is one of these really powerful this is one of these really powerful. Examples that while it might still be in examples that while it might still be in. Examples that while it might still be in the Prototype phase I think is the type the Prototype phase I think is the type. The Prototype phase I think is the type of innovation that should be in the of innovation that should be in the. Of innovation that should be in the hands of everyone everywhere in no small hands of everyone everywhere in no small. Hands of everyone everywhere in no small measure when you have disasters and measure when you have disasters and. Measure when you have disasters and humanitarian crises like Ukraine and I humanitarian crises like Ukraine and I. Humanitarian crises like Ukraine and I should point out these types of should point out these types of. Should point out these types of Necessities aren't just for conflict Necessities aren't just for conflict. Necessities aren't just for conflict zones or emerging in developing zones or emerging in developing. Zones or emerging in developing countries but very much here in the countries but very much here in the. Countries but very much here in the United States in many places the United States in many places the. United States in many places the movement of money in a disaster scenario movement of money in a disaster scenario. Movement of money in a disaster scenario is often strictly about Supply Chain is often strictly about Supply Chain. Is often strictly about Supply Chain management and Logistics when you have management and Logistics when you have. Management and Logistics when you have trusted forms of money in digital form trusted forms of money in digital form. Trusted forms of money in digital form such as usdc and you have blockchain such as usdc and you have blockchain. Such as usdc and you have blockchain networks like Stellar and you have the networks like Stellar and you have the. Networks like Stellar and you have the Integrations with networks like Integrations with networks like. Integrations with networks like MoneyGram around the world you now have MoneyGram around the world you now have. MoneyGram around the world you now have a form of money that can be sent to a form of money that can be sent to. A form of money that can be sent to people with the instantaneity of the people with the instantaneity of the. People with the instantaneity of the internet have the underpinnings and the internet have the underpinnings and the. Internet have the underpinnings and the fundamental Trust of the US dollar and fundamental Trust of the US dollar and. Fundamental Trust of the US dollar and then have the auditability and the then have the auditability and the. Then have the auditability and the corruption resistance of a completely corruption resistance of a completely. Corruption resistance of a completely perfect transmission medium in the form perfect transmission medium in the form. Perfect transmission medium in the form of blockchain networks of blockchain networks. Of blockchain networks and and think about what we're and and think about what we're. and and think about what we're improving upon in many cases improving upon in many cases. Improving upon in many cases humanitarian Aid disbursements are humanitarian Aid disbursements are. Humanitarian Aid disbursements are physical pallets of cash delivered to a physical pallets of cash delivered to a. Physical pallets of cash delivered to a physical air base or a an airport physical air base or a an airport. Physical air base or a an airport somewhere in the world and those pallets somewhere in the world and those pallets. Somewhere in the world and those pallets of cash are nothing short of Honey pots of cash are nothing short of Honey pots. Of cash are nothing short of Honey pots for corruption bribery and fraud for corruption bribery and fraud. For corruption bribery and fraud the type of money we're moving in this the type of money we're moving in this. The type of money we're moving in this prototype in this project prototype in this project. Prototype in this project is anything but a honey pot for is anything but a honey pot for. is anything but a honey pot for corruption bribery and fraud and so I corruption bribery and fraud and so I. Corruption bribery and fraud and so I think what we've done here in Ukraine think what we've done here in Ukraine. Think what we've done here in Ukraine and what we hope to do in other and what we hope to do in other. And what we hope to do in other emergencies around the world we should emergencies around the world we should. Emergencies around the world we should not forget Afghanistan we should not not forget Afghanistan we should not. Not forget Afghanistan we should not forget forget forget a lot of Forgotten crises around the. a lot of Forgotten crises around the a lot of Forgotten crises around the world where this type of prototype can. World where this type of prototype can world where this type of prototype can be very meaningful. Be very meaningful be very meaningful should be a part of this new digital should be a part of this new digital. should be a part of this new digital humanitarian blueprint so Circle usdc humanitarian blueprint so Circle usdc. Humanitarian blueprint so Circle usdc we're all very very proud to be a part we're all very very proud to be a part. We're all very very proud to be a part of this announcement today of this announcement today. Of this announcement today well yeah and I think one of the things well yeah and I think one of the things. Well yeah and I think one of the things that I've always talked about is just that I've always talked about is just. That I've always talked about is just how important it is to be able to send how important it is to be able to send. How important it is to be able to send the value that you send is the same as the value that you send is the same as. The value that you send is the same as the value that you receive and so what the value that you receive and so what. The value that you receive and so what you guys have built and the opportunity you guys have built and the opportunity. You guys have built and the opportunity to be able to leverage a digital dollar to be able to leverage a digital dollar. To be able to leverage a digital dollar that is one-to-one back this is so that is one-to-one back this is so. That is one-to-one back this is so important I know you guys know this but important I know you guys know this but. Important I know you guys know this but to be able to have that to be part of to be able to have that to be part of. To be able to have that to be part of the solution it just really makes it the solution it just really makes it. The solution it just really makes it work seamlessly work seamlessly work seamlessly. Absolutely and and the point I was going absolutely and and the point I was going. Absolutely and and the point I was going to make is is again this is not the to make is is again this is not the. To make is is again this is not the first time usdc has been integrated in first time usdc has been integrated in. First time usdc has been integrated in such a large-scale humanitarian project such a large-scale humanitarian project. Such a large-scale humanitarian project a number of years ago a number of years ago. A number of years ago at the height of the crisis in at the height of the crisis in. at the height of the crisis in Venezuela usdc had a very similar Venezuela usdc had a very similar. Venezuela usdc had a very similar project to provide for corruption project to provide for corruption. Project to provide for corruption resistant instant and audible auditable resistant instant and audible auditable. Resistant instant and audible auditable peer-to-peer payments for doctors peer-to-peer payments for doctors. peer-to-peer payments for doctors across the country supporting the across the country supporting the. Across the country supporting the pandemic and Disaster Response at that pandemic and Disaster Response at that. Pandemic and Disaster Response at that time time time the the key of course is it's not. the the key of course is it's not the the key of course is it's not enough to do this once there's so much. Enough to do this once there's so much enough to do this once there's so much great humanitarian need around the world. Great humanitarian need around the world great humanitarian need around the world. And as Carmen said at the outset helping and as Carmen said at the outset helping. And as Carmen said at the outset helping people in acute scenarios like the war people in acute scenarios like the war. People in acute scenarios like the war in Ukraine is one piece of the puzzle in Ukraine is one piece of the puzzle. In Ukraine is one piece of the puzzle ensuring that you're advancing ensuring that you're advancing. Ensuring that you're advancing you know material Financial inclusion you know material Financial inclusion. you know material Financial inclusion objectives along the way I think is objectives along the way I think is. Objectives along the way I think is also very critical and so we're also very critical and so we're. Also very critical and so we're concerned with not only providing people concerned with not only providing people. Concerned with not only providing people with no buyers and Spenders Remorse by with no buyers and Spenders Remorse by. With no buyers and Spenders Remorse by having a trusted digital dollar but as having a trusted digital dollar but as. Having a trusted digital dollar but as MoneyGram has provided now you have this MoneyGram has provided now you have this. MoneyGram has provided now you have this Global on and off ramp so that those Global on and off ramp so that those. Global on and off ramp so that those digital dollars are not potentially digital dollars are not potentially. Digital dollars are not potentially stranded on your mobile device or your stranded on your mobile device or your. Stranded on your mobile device or your phone but they now enjoy a global phone but they now enjoy a global. Phone but they now enjoy a global exchange Point all over the world exchange Point all over the world. Exchange Point all over the world through this partnership with MoneyGram through this partnership with MoneyGram. Through this partnership with MoneyGram as well and that's a perfect segue into as well and that's a perfect segue into. As well and that's a perfect segue into a question for you Anna this solution is a question for you Anna this solution is. A question for you Anna this solution is as much about blockchain Innovation as as much about blockchain Innovation as. As much about blockchain Innovation as it is about how traditional services and it is about how traditional services and. It is about how traditional services and fintechs are coming together to make a fintechs are coming together to make a. Fintechs are coming together to make a difference Alex and I always talk about difference Alex and I always talk about. Difference Alex and I always talk about the fact that this is really that the fact that this is really that. The fact that this is really that blending of the old world and the new blending of the old world and the new. Blending of the old world and the new world and it's one of the things that we world and it's one of the things that we. World and it's one of the things that we talk all the time about about how that talk all the time about about how that. Talk all the time about about how that enhancement just really creates so much enhancement just really creates so much. Enhancement just really creates so much opportunity can you speak to how these opportunity can you speak to how these. Opportunity can you speak to how these off-ramps into local currency are off-ramps into local currency are. Off-ramps into local currency are meaningful for idps meaningful for idps meaningful for idps. Yeah thank you and first I just want yeah thank you and first I just want yeah thank you and first I just want. To Echo what Dante said about how to Echo what Dante said about how to Echo what Dante said about how. Thankful MoneyGram is to be part of this thankful MoneyGram is to be part of this. Thankful MoneyGram is to be part of this conversation and part of the solution conversation and part of the solution. Conversation and part of the solution with unhcr and Stellar with unhcr and Stellar. With unhcr and Stellar I think Dante used the word acute in I think Dante used the word acute in. I think Dante used the word acute in talking about meeting the needs of this talking about meeting the needs of this. Talking about meeting the needs of this population and I think that's one of the population and I think that's one of the. Population and I think that's one of the places where MoneyGram provides the most. Places where MoneyGram provides the most places where MoneyGram provides the most. Value is that having these physical value is that having these physical value is that having these physical. Networks and Integrations with banks and networks and Integrations with banks and. Networks and Integrations with banks and the licensures needed to do cash the licensures needed to do cash. The licensures needed to do cash disbursement it's very time consuming disbursement it's very time consuming. Disbursement it's very time consuming and so and so and so I think one of the the challenges. I think one of the the challenges I think one of the the challenges faced with with refugees and with with. Faced with with refugees and with with faced with with refugees and with with idps is overcoming that initial hurdle. Idps is overcoming that initial hurdle idps is overcoming that initial hurdle of getting into the market and so I. Of getting into the market and so I of getting into the market and so I think moneygram's ready-made. Think moneygram's ready-made think moneygram's ready-made cash disbursement Network that we've. Cash disbursement Network that we've cash disbursement Network that we've spent decades building out can quickly. Spent decades building out can quickly spent decades building out can quickly now be turned into this incredible asset. Now be turned into this incredible asset now be turned into this incredible asset. In this partnership and so again we're in this partnership and so again we're in this partnership and so again we're. Just so thankful to be here and to get just so thankful to be here and to get just so thankful to be here and to get. To utilize that Network alongside you to utilize that Network alongside you to utilize that Network alongside you. Guys guys guys we launched the the MoneyGram we launched the the MoneyGram we launched the the MoneyGram. Relationship with the Stellar network in relationship with the Stellar network in. Relationship with the Stellar network in June and to see it not just be live in June and to see it not just be live in. June and to see it not just be live in 180 or so countries globally but to be 180 or so countries globally but to be. 180 or so countries globally but to be able to be used in this way is for me able to be used in this way is for me. Able to be used in this way is for me just sort of the reason why I'm in this just sort of the reason why I'm in this. Just sort of the reason why I'm in this space so I'm so grateful to the support space so I'm so grateful to the support. Space so I'm so grateful to the support that we've had from MoneyGram that we've had from MoneyGram. That we've had from MoneyGram from and from the the team there from and from the the team there. from and from the the team there to be able to make this come together to be able to make this come together. To be able to make this come together Dante it's obviously been a really Dante it's obviously been a really. Dante it's obviously been a really tough time in our industry with many tough time in our industry with many. Tough time in our industry with many Skeptics out there about the utility of Skeptics out there about the utility of. Skeptics out there about the utility of blockchain this announcement is the blockchain this announcement is the. Blockchain this announcement is the direct counter to that right direct counter to that right. Direct counter to that right it is in fact a year ago yesterday I sat it is in fact a year ago yesterday I sat. It is in fact a year ago yesterday I sat in the Senate Banking Committee in the Senate Banking Committee. In the Senate Banking Committee having to not only defend the having to not only defend the. having to not only defend the activities of circle but in some ways activities of circle but in some ways. Activities of circle but in some ways the entire industry and yes it has been the entire industry and yes it has been. The entire industry and yes it has been not just what we refer to in this not just what we refer to in this. Not just what we refer to in this industry a winter but perhaps an ice age industry a winter but perhaps an ice age. Industry a winter but perhaps an ice age and at our darkest time I think this and at our darkest time I think this. And at our darkest time I think this example today is a good example of a example today is a good example of a. Example today is a good example of a bright light bright light bright light also I would argue a year ago Circle. also I would argue a year ago Circle also I would argue a year ago Circle announced a broad program known as. Announced a broad program known as announced a broad program known as Circle impact in which we made a few big. Circle impact in which we made a few big Circle impact in which we made a few big. Commitments one of them was that we commitments one of them was that we commitments one of them was that we. Would allocate a billion dollars or more would allocate a billion dollars or more. Would allocate a billion dollars or more to minority depository institutions in to minority depository institutions in. To minority depository institutions in the U.S and Community Banks we've done the U.S and Community Banks we've done. The U.S and Community Banks we've done that the second is that we would launch that the second is that we would launch. That the second is that we would launch a digital financial literacy program a digital financial literacy program. A digital financial literacy program with historically marginalized with historically marginalized. With historically marginalized communities and and colleges we've done communities and and colleges we've done. Communities and and colleges we've done that and the third and perhaps most that and the third and perhaps most. That and the third and perhaps most important pillar is that we wouldn't important pillar is that we wouldn't. Important pillar is that we wouldn't just sit back idly while Humanity just sit back idly while Humanity. Just sit back idly while Humanity Humanity suffered or there were dire Humanity suffered or there were dire. Humanity suffered or there were dire humanitarian crises and I'm again humanitarian crises and I'm again. Humanitarian crises and I'm again pleased to say that when you know unhcr pleased to say that when you know unhcr. Pleased to say that when you know unhcr and others had to make an exacting and others had to make an exacting. And others had to make an exacting choice about which digital currency choice about which digital currency. Choice about which digital currency would be a part of this program that would be a part of this program that. Would be a part of this program that usdc was there and so the key for me usdc was there and so the key for me. Usdc was there and so the key for me though is these opportunities though is these opportunities. Though is these opportunities shouldn't just be pilot projects shouldn't just be pilot projects. Shouldn't just be pilot projects humanity and the the need for Disaster humanity and the the need for Disaster. Humanity and the the need for Disaster Response requires that we pre-position Response requires that we pre-position. Response requires that we pre-position these capabilities well before a these capabilities well before a. These capabilities well before a conflict or a disaster strikes and so we conflict or a disaster strikes and so we. Conflict or a disaster strikes and so we look forward to partnering with Stellar look forward to partnering with Stellar. Look forward to partnering with Stellar MoneyGram the United Nations systems and MoneyGram the United Nations systems and. MoneyGram the United Nations systems and candidly Aid agencies all over the world. Candidly Aid agencies all over the world candidly Aid agencies all over the world. To ensuring that these otherwise open to ensuring that these otherwise open to ensuring that these otherwise open. Digital public goods are readily Digital public goods are readily Digital public goods are readily. Available for people everywhere well available for people everywhere well available for people everywhere well. Before a disaster strikes and so I think before a disaster strikes and so I think. Before a disaster strikes and so I think that's our priority as we look into 2023. That's our priority as we look into 2023 that's our priority as we look into 2023. And so we could end this otherwise dark and so we could end this otherwise dark and so we could end this otherwise dark. Year on a slightly bright note and not year on a slightly bright note and not year on a slightly bright note and not. Not rest on our Laurels that this is not rest on our Laurels that this is not rest on our Laurels that this is. Just a pilot project today this should just a pilot project today this should just a pilot project today this should. Just become a part of a norm all over just become a part of a norm all over just become a part of a norm all over. The world the world the world here here and and when we and Carmen here here and and when we and Carmen. Here here and and when we and Carmen when we talk about when we talk about when we talk about. this experience and how we can use this experience and how we can use this experience and how we can use. This experience to prepare for future this experience to prepare for future this experience to prepare for future. Crises crises crises what is how do we build these what is how do we build these. what is how do we build these Solutions so that they pre-exist Solutions so that they pre-exist . Solutions so that they pre-exist before a crisis event strikes before a crisis event strikes. Before a crisis event strikes yeah preparedness is is key so I think yeah preparedness is is key so I think. Yeah preparedness is is key so I think that this is one step we have a solution that this is one step we have a solution. That this is one step we have a solution in place and we now need to see how in place and we now need to see how. In place and we now need to see how adaptable it is elsewhere and it is adaptable it is elsewhere and it is. Adaptable it is elsewhere and it is there's no doubt but we need to keep in there's no doubt but we need to keep in. There's no doubt but we need to keep in mind that these Solutions required to be mind that these Solutions required to be. Mind that these Solutions required to be useful with the people at the center we useful with the people at the center we. Useful with the people at the center we serve so in each context we need to look serve so in each context we need to look. Serve so in each context we need to look contextually what really contextually what really. Contextually what really you know what are the key key you know what are the key key. you know what are the key key criteria to make this happen criteria to make this happen. Criteria to make this happen and our ultimate our ultimate goal is to and our ultimate our ultimate goal is to. And our ultimate our ultimate goal is to be able to provide any time anywhere on be able to provide any time anywhere on. Be able to provide any time anywhere on any device any device any device the the benefits so so you know unhcr. The the benefits so so you know unhcr the the benefits so so you know unhcr has been in in that business for some. Has been in in that business for some has been in in that business for some time so that's what we do. Time so that's what we do time so that's what we do each time we have we have an emergency. Each time we have we have an emergency each time we have we have an emergency but we always can get better so we need. But we always can get better so we need but we always can get better so we need to build upon upon this these seats I. To build upon upon this these seats I to build upon upon this these seats I. Think the seats are now in the ground so think the seats are now in the ground so. Think the seats are now in the ground so we need to we need to make sure we can we need to we need to make sure we can. We need to we need to make sure we can we can leverage them sufficiently and we can leverage them sufficiently and. We can leverage them sufficiently and you know at the Baseline we need to you know at the Baseline we need to. you know at the Baseline we need to be able to to follow the money and be able to to follow the money and. Be able to to follow the money and follow the data so so I think once we we follow the data so so I think once we we. Follow the data so so I think once we we overcome that then we are we are ready overcome that then we are we are ready. Overcome that then we are we are ready for for any disaster scenario for for any disaster scenario. For for any disaster scenario also a key a key ingredient is the also a key a key ingredient is the. also a key a key ingredient is the regulatory environment so we need to regulatory environment so we need to. Regulatory environment so we need to make sure that each and every make sure that each and every. Make sure that each and every jurisdiction jurisdiction jurisdiction we understand what we can do because we. We understand what we can do because we we understand what we can do because we are not we are not essentially in the. Are not we are not essentially in the are not we are not essentially in the business to to run a parallel system. Business to to run a parallel system business to to run a parallel system we are here to you know to integrate to. We are here to you know to integrate to we are here to you know to integrate to to the financial ecosystem and that. To the financial ecosystem and that to the financial ecosystem and that people can go about their lives like any. People can go about their lives like any people can go about their lives like any. Of us would would wish every day of us would would wish every day of us would would wish every day. So this is this is how we see it to to so this is this is how we see it to to so this is this is how we see it to to. Leverage fully the current solution leverage fully the current solution leverage fully the current solution. That is being put in place that is being put in place that is being put in place I think that's really important and and. I think that's really important and and I think that's really important and and Anna I wonder if you could think about. Anna I wonder if you could think about Anna I wonder if you could think about this solution we tried really hard when. This solution we tried really hard when this solution we tried really hard when we were when we first met with Carmen. We were when we first met with Carmen we were when we first met with Carmen and others from the unhcr to make sure. And others from the unhcr to make sure and others from the unhcr to make sure that this wasn't a square peg round hole. That this wasn't a square peg round hole that this wasn't a square peg round hole. And to make sure that we weren't just and to make sure that we weren't just and to make sure that we weren't just. Like trying to force blockchain into a like trying to force blockchain into a like trying to force blockchain into a. Situation that didn't make sense situation that didn't make sense situation that didn't make sense. certainly we've been working with you certainly we've been working with you. certainly we've been working with you guys since June and have you seen that guys since June and have you seen that. Guys since June and have you seen that like this is different than what you like this is different than what you. Like this is different than what you guys have offered you guys have worked guys have offered you guys have worked. Guys have offered you guys have worked in humanitarian situations as well in humanitarian situations as well. In humanitarian situations as well before before before and how do you feel about the way. and how do you feel about the way and how do you feel about the way that this works with respect to the. That this works with respect to the that this works with respect to the different offerings in terms of cash. Different offerings in terms of cash different offerings in terms of cash versus bank account kind of thing I am. Versus bank account kind of thing I am versus bank account kind of thing I am so glad you're asking this question. So glad you're asking this question so glad you're asking this question because it's something we think about a. Because it's something we think about a because it's something we think about a lot at MoneyGram I think what's unique. Lot at MoneyGram I think what's unique lot at MoneyGram I think what's unique about this use case is that it. About this use case is that it about this use case is that it demonstrates truly the best of what each. Demonstrates truly the best of what each demonstrates truly the best of what each. Of us have to offer it demonstrates how of us have to offer it demonstrates how of us have to offer it demonstrates how. You can you can blend and create a you can you can blend and create a you can you can blend and create a. Bridge and it moves us beyond the bridge and it moves us beyond the bridge and it moves us beyond the. Conversation about displacement and for conversation about displacement and for conversation about displacement and for. Me it was never about displacement it me it was never about displacement it me it was never about displacement it. Was always about how do we take the best was always about how do we take the best. Was always about how do we take the best of what each of us have to offer and of what each of us have to offer and. Of what each of us have to offer and create True Value and so I think this is create True Value and so I think this is. Create True Value and so I think this is just one of those things where one plus just one of those things where one plus. Just one of those things where one plus one doesn't make two one plus one opens one doesn't make two one plus one opens. One doesn't make two one plus one opens the universe to something much much the universe to something much much. The universe to something much much bigger and again moves us beyond the bigger and again moves us beyond the. Bigger and again moves us beyond the conversation about displacement and and conversation about displacement and and. Conversation about displacement and and creates a model hopefully for other creates a model hopefully for other. Creates a model hopefully for other other parties like ours to see that other parties like ours to see that. Other parties like ours to see that there really is this powerful there really is this powerful. There really is this powerful relationship that delivers value and we relationship that delivers value and we. Relationship that delivers value and we can move Beyond seeing one another as can move Beyond seeing one another as. Can move Beyond seeing one another as competitors or displacing Technologies competitors or displacing Technologies. Competitors or displacing Technologies yeah Alex likes to say that he's been yeah Alex likes to say that he's been. Yeah Alex likes to say that he's been people have been trying to disrupt your people have been trying to disrupt your. People have been trying to disrupt your business for the last 50 years we're business for the last 50 years we're. Business for the last 50 years we're actually trying to get your business and actually trying to get your business and. Actually trying to get your business and to use all of the tools that you've to use all of the tools that you've. To use all of the tools that you've built to be able to bring good to built to be able to bring good to. Built to be able to bring good to everyone everyone everyone Dante you have spent the better part. Dante you have spent the better part Dante you have spent the better part of your career really focused on . Of your career really focused on of your career really focused on these kinds of issues humanitarian Aid. These kinds of issues humanitarian Aid these kinds of issues humanitarian Aid and spending time really for the folks. And spending time really for the folks and spending time really for the folks that are in the most need when you look. That are in the most need when you look that are in the most need when you look at the tools that we're offering here. At the tools that we're offering here at the tools that we're offering here today. Today today how do you see this as different from how do you see this as different from. how do you see this as different from what you've done before what you've done before. What you've done before yeah I mean for one this is no longer an yeah I mean for one this is no longer an. Yeah I mean for one this is no longer an abstraction and I cannot say enough abstraction and I cannot say enough. Abstraction and I cannot say enough about how grateful I am to Carmen and about how grateful I am to Carmen and. About how grateful I am to Carmen and the unhcr for having had the courage of the unhcr for having had the courage of. The unhcr for having had the courage of of trying to build something that is is of trying to build something that is is. Of trying to build something that is is not a a science experiment but rather not a a science experiment but rather. Not a a science experiment but rather that is in deployment so I spent a that is in deployment so I spent a. That is in deployment so I spent a number of years on FEMA that's the U.S number of years on FEMA that's the U.S. Number of years on FEMA that's the U.S Emergency Management agency's National Emergency Management agency's National. Emergency Management agency's National advisory Council a number of years in advisory Council a number of years in. Advisory Council a number of years in the insurance industry and I am myself a the insurance industry and I am myself a. The insurance industry and I am myself a disaster displaced person when Hurricane. Disaster displaced person when Hurricane disaster displaced person when Hurricane. Hugo destroyed Puerto Rico in the late Hugo destroyed Puerto Rico in the late Hugo destroyed Puerto Rico in the late. 80s along with it went you know any 80s along with it went you know any 80s along with it went you know any. Semblance of normality in my life and semblance of normality in my life and. Semblance of normality in my life and so when speed matters most friction so when speed matters most friction. So when speed matters most friction stands in the way and moving money in stands in the way and moving money in. Stands in the way and moving money in analog forms is stands in the way analog forms is stands in the way. Analog forms is stands in the way remember here in the United States we remember here in the United States we. Remember here in the United States we moved more than six trillion dollars of moved more than six trillion dollars of. Moved more than six trillion dollars of taxpayer-funded money to everybody in taxpayer-funded money to everybody in. Taxpayer-funded money to everybody in the country and so much of that money the country and so much of that money. The country and so much of that money was ultimately lost was ultimately lost was ultimately lost. enough to fund the totality of the UN enough to fund the totality of the UN. enough to fund the totality of the UN sustainable development goals I should sustainable development goals I should. Sustainable development goals I should point out in no small measure because point out in no small measure because. Point out in no small measure because the the pipes are Antiquated they're the the pipes are Antiquated they're. The the pipes are Antiquated they're leaky they're back here looking and leaky they're back here looking and. Leaky they're back here looking and they're plagued with opacity the form of they're plagued with opacity the form of. They're plagued with opacity the form of money that we're talking about here and money that we're talking about here and. Money that we're talking about here and the form of integration that we've the form of integration that we've. The form of integration that we've designed together with Stellar of course designed together with Stellar of course. Designed together with Stellar of course with MoneyGram is a form of money that with MoneyGram is a form of money that. With MoneyGram is a form of money that is auditable portable and ideally is auditable portable and ideally. Is auditable portable and ideally universally usable universally usable universally usable. If you and I were going to do this with if you and I were going to do this with if you and I were going to do this with. Physical cash it wouldn't work and physical cash it wouldn't work and physical cash it wouldn't work and. Ironically in the context of a pandemic ironically in the context of a pandemic ironically in the context of a pandemic. Like covid-19 it would be as limited as like covid-19 it would be as limited as like covid-19 it would be as limited as. Our arms can stretch and would have all our arms can stretch and would have all our arms can stretch and would have all. Kinds of other limitations so this is kinds of other limitations so this is kinds of other limitations so this is. Not meant to be a substitute Innovation not meant to be a substitute Innovation not meant to be a substitute Innovation. Is just meant to provide additional is just meant to provide additional is just meant to provide additional. Levels of financial support and levels of financial support and levels of financial support and. Humanitarian support humanitarian support humanitarian support and so I'm excited for what this. and so I'm excited for what this and so I'm excited for what this prototype means and how this can be. Prototype means and how this can be prototype means and how this can be deployed including frankly domestically. Deployed including frankly domestically deployed including frankly domestically here in the United States. Here in the United States here in the United States I think it's really important by the way. I think it's really important by the way I think it's really important by the way. I've been monitoring the comments to see I've been monitoring the comments to see. I've been monitoring the comments to see if there are questions we have just a if there are questions we have just a. If there are questions we have just a few more minutes if anybody wants to add few more minutes if anybody wants to add. Few more minutes if anybody wants to add some in there some in there some in there. the one of the things I was going to the one of the things I was going to the one of the things I was going to. Say is the Simplicity of which this say is the Simplicity of which this say is the Simplicity of which this. Works where the the individual the works where the the individual the works where the the individual the. IDP receives a text message to download IDP receives a text message to download IDP receives a text message to download. The wallet and then they can they know the wallet and then they can they know the wallet and then they can they know. That they have the opportunity to that they have the opportunity to that they have the opportunity to. Receive aid from the unhcr and it receive aid from the unhcr and it receive aid from the unhcr and it. Immediately gets put in their wallet immediately gets put in their wallet immediately gets put in their wallet. Using the technology there's actually a using the technology there's actually a using the technology there's actually a. a blog post that we have up on our a blog post that we have up on our a blog post that we have up on our. Website that'll explain the the website that'll explain the the website that'll explain the the. Technical back end of how this all technical back end of how this all technical back end of how this all. Happens this is really what you say in happens this is really what you say in happens this is really what you say in. Terms of getting to sort of the heart of terms of getting to sort of the heart of. Terms of getting to sort of the heart of the issue and sort of changing the the issue and sort of changing the. The issue and sort of changing the dynamic dynamic dynamic really and just created an. really and just created an really and just created an opportunity for the to put the power in. Opportunity for the to put the power in opportunity for the to put the power in the hands of the IDP and I think in this. The hands of the IDP and I think in this the hands of the IDP and I think in this. These situations they don't feel that these situations they don't feel that these situations they don't feel that. They have a lot of power but this allows they have a lot of power but this allows. They have a lot of power but this allows them to choose to cash out to hold their. Them to choose to cash out to hold their them to choose to cash out to hold their. Value to cash out a part of their value value to cash out a part of their value value to cash out a part of their value. That that type of thing so it's really that that type of thing so it's really that that type of thing so it's really. Exciting there is a question here and exciting there is a question here and exciting there is a question here and. And this probably goes to you what is and this probably goes to you what is and this probably goes to you what is. The kyc requirement on the recipients the kyc requirement on the recipients the kyc requirement on the recipients. And who is in charge it's both unhcr and and who is in charge it's both unhcr and. And who is in charge it's both unhcr and Anna Anna you can start yeah sure I'll Anna Anna you can start yeah sure I'll. Anna Anna you can start yeah sure I'll start so kyc we're talking about a start so kyc we're talking about a. Start so kyc we're talking about a global solution and kyc requirements global solution and kyc requirements. Global solution and kyc requirements differ around the globe but I'll speak differ around the globe but I'll speak. Differ around the globe but I'll speak specifically to you crane specifically to you crane. Specifically to you crane like we mentioned a couple times our like we mentioned a couple times our. like we mentioned a couple times our relationships in Ukraine are are relationships in Ukraine are are. Relationships in Ukraine are are primarily with banks and so primarily with banks and so. Primarily with banks and so both us and the bank we require the the both us and the bank we require the the. Both us and the bank we require the the consumer to have identification that consumer to have identification that. Consumer to have identification that proves that they're the person who proves that they're the person who. Proves that they're the person who should be receiving the funds should be receiving the funds. Should be receiving the funds and so along with that their name and so along with that their name. and so along with that their name their address their phone number their address their phone number. Their address their phone number is what's required to be KY seeds in is what's required to be KY seeds in. is what's required to be KY seeds in person person person and Carmen you are the the unhcr is the. And Carmen you are the the unhcr is the and Carmen you are the the unhcr is the entity that actually determines the. Entity that actually determines the entity that actually determines the beneficiaries. Beneficiaries beneficiaries that are receiving the the aid from that are receiving the the aid from. that are receiving the the aid from the unhcr exactly so unhcr is in charge the unhcr exactly so unhcr is in charge. The unhcr exactly so unhcr is in charge of registration enrollment eligibility of registration enrollment eligibility. Of registration enrollment eligibility determining how much everyone will determining how much everyone will. Determining how much everyone will ultimately receive ultimately receive ultimately receive. So unhcr is not performing the kyc so so unhcr is not performing the kyc so so unhcr is not performing the kyc so. It's it's it's the financial service it's it's it's the financial service it's it's it's the financial service. Provider at the cash out that is provider at the cash out that is provider at the cash out that is. Performing kyc performing kyc performing kyc yeah yeah yeah well we are at time well we are at time. Well we are at time thank you all for joining this has thank you all for joining this has. thank you all for joining this has been such a great announcement and it. Been such a great announcement and it been such a great announcement and it. Makes me feel like this year all that makes me feel like this year all that makes me feel like this year all that. We've worked for together collectively we've worked for together collectively we've worked for together collectively. Is just so worth is just so worth is just so worth this kind of thing coming together. this kind of thing coming together this kind of thing coming together before the end of the year so thank you. Before the end of the year so thank you before the end of the year so thank you all for supporting the work and for. All for supporting the work and for all for supporting the work and for joining us in this journey and we want. Joining us in this journey and we want joining us in this journey and we want to continue this is not just going to be. To continue this is not just going to be to continue this is not just going to be. The only thing that we do together so so the only thing that we do together so so. The only thing that we do together so so thank you again thanks for joining today. Thank you again thanks for joining today thank you again thanks for joining today. And thanks for the work that we've done and thanks for the work that we've done and thanks for the work that we've done. Together here together here together here thank you.
