Hello everyone and welcome to this hello everyone and welcome to this week's Stella developer meeting a little. Week's Stella developer meeting a little week's Stella developer meeting a little. Bit earlier than usual but uh the reason bit earlier than usual but uh the reason. Bit earlier than usual but uh the reason is we have some really exciting we have is we have some really exciting we have. Is we have some really exciting we have a really exciting episode here uh we a really exciting episode here uh we. A really exciting episode here uh we have uh some of the guys from open sein have uh some of the guys from open sein. Have uh some of the guys from open sein we are doing this as a followup from the we are doing this as a followup from the. We are doing this as a followup from the last session we did uh this this time last session we did uh this this time. Last session we did uh this this time we're going to be a little bit more we're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more technical so uh I would like to uh technical so uh I would like to uh. Technical so uh I would like to uh add the open sing guys from uh to our add the open sing guys from uh to our. Add the open sing guys from uh to our studio welcome guys please uh please do studio welcome guys please uh please do. Studio welcome guys please uh please do a quick introduction of who you are what a quick introduction of who you are what. A quick introduction of who you are what you're doing and um yeah let's get started yeah I can start uh yeah thanks. Started yeah I can start uh yeah thanks for uh hosting us Carston yeah really for uh hosting us Carston yeah really. For uh hosting us Carston yeah really excited to to be here uh my name is buan excited to to be here uh my name is buan. Excited to to be here uh my name is buan I am um open source uh developer at uh I am um open source uh developer at uh. I am um open source uh developer at uh open open open zeppin um yeah building together with. Zeppin um yeah building together with zeppin um yeah building together with osun the Stellar contracts. Osun the Stellar contracts osun the Stellar contracts Library um yeah my background uh yeah. Library um yeah my background uh yeah Library um yeah my background uh yeah it's uh uh. It's uh uh it's uh uh mostly related uh in the past to um to mostly related uh in the past to um to. Mostly related uh in the past to um to some evm uh uh development solidity also some evm uh uh development solidity also. Some evm uh uh development solidity also um some R development so yeah trying to um some R development so yeah trying to. Um some R development so yeah trying to to bring uh the best from uh uh from uh to bring uh the best from uh uh from uh. To bring uh the best from uh uh from uh all the experiences I I all the experiences I I. All the experiences I I had great welcome thank had great welcome thank had great welcome thank. You hello everyone it's oen my name may you hello everyone it's oen my name may you hello everyone it's oen my name may. Be hard to pronounce for some so you can be hard to pronounce for some so you can. Be hard to pronounce for some so you can call me o if that's easier for you so call me o if that's easier for you so. Call me o if that's easier for you so I'm working with OP Zeppelin for about I'm working with OP Zeppelin for about. I'm working with OP Zeppelin for about uh one and a half years and my uh one and a half years and my. Uh one and a half years and my background is more on the the high background is more on the the high. Background is more on the the high performance Computing distributed performance Computing distributed. Performance Computing distributed systems and cryptography all of these systems and cryptography all of these. Systems and cryptography all of these included I started my blockchain journey included I started my blockchain journey. Included I started my blockchain journey in some startups for layer zero or layer. In some startups for layer zero or layer in some startups for layer zero or layer. One if you will and then transitioned one if you will and then transitioned one if you will and then transitioned. More into po do ecosystem and now I'm uh more into po do ecosystem and now I'm uh. More into po do ecosystem and now I'm uh switched to Stell and quite happy with switched to Stell and quite happy with. Switched to Stell and quite happy with it great great thank you and welcome to it great great thank you and welcome to. It great great thank you and welcome to you too yeah we started this journey a you too yeah we started this journey a. You too yeah we started this journey a while ago and the the reason is or the while ago and the the reason is or the. While ago and the the reason is or the objective is to make it easier to for objective is to make it easier to for. Objective is to make it easier to for for new developers to to onboard stellar for new developers to to onboard stellar. For new developers to to onboard stellar and to to build to build great Solutions. And to to build to build great Solutions and to to build to build great Solutions. Um so where are we now how how far have um so where are we now how how far have um so where are we now how how far have. We come in implementing uh Stellar in in we come in implementing uh Stellar in in. We come in implementing uh Stellar in in open sppin can you just give a really open sppin can you just give a really. Open sppin can you just give a really quick overview of where we are and quick overview of where we are and. Quick overview of where we are and what's being worked on if you want to go you can go yeah. On if you want to go you can go yeah sure yeah so yeah it's been couple sure yeah so yeah it's been couple. Sure yeah so yeah it's been couple couple months that uh we we kicked it couple months that uh we we kicked it. Couple months that uh we we kicked it off um we are already on our like off um we are already on our like. Off um we are already on our like approaching our second audit meaning approaching our second audit meaning. Approaching our second audit meaning that we are we accomplished our second that we are we accomplished our second. That we are we accomplished our second milestone and the idea is that we uh we milestone and the idea is that we uh we. Milestone and the idea is that we uh we uh got our work audited on a regular uh got our work audited on a regular. Uh got our work audited on a regular basis so the the the products the the basis so the the the products the the. Basis so the the the products the the tools uh we are delivering to tools uh we are delivering to. Tools uh we are delivering to Stellar ecosystem are safe and secure Stellar ecosystem are safe and secure. Stellar ecosystem are safe and secure and um uh yeah um so so at the moment and um uh yeah um so so at the moment. And um uh yeah um so so at the moment like we um uh last month for E Denver we like we um uh last month for E Denver we. Like we um uh last month for E Denver we uh we shipped our first uh uh first uh we shipped our first uh uh first. Uh we shipped our first uh uh first first first first release uh that was um about fible. Release uh that was um about fible release uh that was um about fible tokens and um uh the PO. Tokens and um uh the PO tokens and um uh the PO utility now we are heading to uh utility now we are heading to uh. Utility now we are heading to uh delivering um the non delivering um the non delivering um the non. Funable um Implement non fible token funable um Implement non fible token funable um Implement non fible token. Tokens tokens tokens implementation implementation implementation uh packed with couple of extensions so. Uh packed with couple of extensions so uh packed with couple of extensions so that that suits different uh use cases. That that suits different uh use cases that that suits different uh use cases so and yeah next week we are uh kicking. So and yeah next week we are uh kicking so and yeah next week we are uh kicking off the the second audit that will um. Off the the second audit that will um off the the second audit that will um that will last for another week and and. That will last for another week and and that will last for another week and and uh then we are shipping uh the we are. Uh then we are shipping uh the we are uh then we are shipping uh the we are releasing the next uh uh yeah the next. Releasing the next uh uh yeah the next releasing the next uh uh yeah the next release okay great this is where we are. Release okay great this is where we are release okay great this is where we are great so for for those who may not have. Great so for for those who may not have great so for for those who may not have uh followed the the openin initiative or. Uh followed the the openin initiative or uh followed the the openin initiative or. Have just curious what what's what what have just curious what what's what what have just curious what what's what what. We we're doing here um can you maybe we we're doing here um can you maybe we we're doing here um can you maybe. Share maybe share the screen just show share maybe share the screen just show share maybe share the screen just show. An example of what what an example of what what an example of what what the what it looks like like the maybe. The what it looks like like the maybe the what it looks like like the maybe the wizard uh just really quick give an. The wizard uh just really quick give an the wizard uh just really quick give an introduction to like what is it the. Introduction to like what is it the introduction to like what is it the developers are experiencing and what is. Developers are experiencing and what is developers are experiencing and what is it the developers can do right. Now um yeah sure I can I can uh now um yeah sure I can I can uh showcase um the wizard The Open. Showcase um the wizard The Open showcase um the wizard The Open Zepp Wizard and how it makes super easy. Zepp Wizard and how it makes super easy Zepp Wizard and how it makes super easy for developers to. For developers to for developers to to have like a base basic smart contract to have like a base basic smart contract. To have like a base basic smart contract uh at some uh uh at some uh uh at some uh. Custom functionalities uh if they're custom functionalities uh if they're custom functionalities uh if they're. Needed and uh deployed to to testet um needed and uh deployed to to testet um needed and uh deployed to to testet um. Yeah I I would love to uh to do that yeah I I would love to uh to do that yeah I I would love to uh to do that. Yeah I think that would be a great yeah I think that would be a great yeah I think that would be a great. Introduction to to open sa for for new introduction to to open sa for for new introduction to to open sa for for new. For new develop yeah sure uh so let me for new develop yeah sure uh so let me for new develop yeah sure uh so let me. Share my screen screen I think it's loading yeah okay so screen I think it's loading yeah okay so. Here it is the the the Wizard so it's uh here it is the the the Wizard so it's uh. Here it is the the the Wizard so it's uh wizard. Open.com um I believe it may be helpful open.com um I believe it may be helpful to zoom in just one or two more bits to. To zoom in just one or two more bits to to zoom in just one or two more bits to make it more. Readable okay this is this time I think readable okay this is this time I think good what what do you. Good what what do you good what what do you think yeah it's it's uh I I think I think yeah it's it's uh I I think I. Think yeah it's it's uh I I think I think we can we can read it now yeah it think we can we can read it now yeah it. Think we can we can read it now yeah it looks looks looks good okay so yeah this is um our wizard. Good okay so yeah this is um our wizard good okay so yeah this is um our wizard uh which the idea of it is like to to. Uh which the idea of it is like to to uh which the idea of it is like to to make uh life easier if you need to uh. Make uh life easier if you need to uh make uh life easier if you need to uh like to to build up something uh quickly. Like to to build up something uh quickly like to to build up something uh quickly. Uh so uh some with some base uh some uh so uh some with some base uh some uh so uh some with some base uh some. Basic features you can uh use it uh yeah basic features you can uh use it uh yeah. Basic features you can uh use it uh yeah you can see we have for different you can see we have for different. You can see we have for different languages and U languages and U languages and U. Chains chains chains uh uh so here at that's Stellar for the uh uh so here at that's Stellar for the. Uh uh so here at that's Stellar for the moment we have only fungible but as we moment we have only fungible but as we. Moment we have only fungible but as we fin once we finish the non fungible um fin once we finish the non fungible um. Fin once we finish the non fungible um um module and get get it uh audited it um module and get get it uh audited it. Um module and get get it uh audited it will be added here similar to so you can will be added here similar to so you can. Will be added here similar to so you can see at for solidity uh there are see at for solidity uh there are. See at for solidity uh there are different um modules for the moment here different um modules for the moment here. Different um modules for the moment here we have only F and uh thanks to this UI we have only F and uh thanks to this UI. We have only F and uh thanks to this UI you can configure uh the Bas the basic you can configure uh the Bas the basic. You can configure uh the Bas the basic properties of your Tok for example let's properties of your Tok for example let's. Properties of your Tok for example let's call call it call call it call call it awesome awesome. Awesome awesome awesome awesome token uh it's uh yeah really basic uh so token uh it's uh yeah really basic uh so. Token uh it's uh yeah really basic uh so and here we can Define for example if we. And here we can Define for example if we and here we can Define for example if we. Want to do some Prem Min uh let's say we want to do some Prem Min uh let's say we. Want to do some Prem Min uh let's say we want to to Mint um 1,000 of bit of this want to to Mint um 1,000 of bit of this. Want to to Mint um 1,000 of bit of this token and here there are different um Fe token and here there are different um Fe. Token and here there are different um Fe Fe that we can add on top of this basic Fe that we can add on top of this basic. Fe that we can add on top of this basic implementation for example say we want implementation for example say we want. Implementation for example say we want it to be minable and you see how uh the it to be minable and you see how uh the. It to be minable and you see how uh the UI gets updated if you want to to add a UI gets updated if you want to to add a. UI gets updated if you want to to add a burnable functionality meaning to allow burnable functionality meaning to allow. Burnable functionality meaning to allow users to burn their tokens they wish so users to burn their tokens they wish so. Users to burn their tokens they wish so we can click on that and yeah this is we can click on that and yeah this is. We can click on that and yeah this is how our contract looks how our contract looks. How our contract looks like then uh let's uh deploy it to to like then uh let's uh deploy it to to. Like then uh let's uh deploy it to to test test test net uh so we are going to uh set up uh a. Net uh so we are going to uh set up uh a net uh so we are going to uh set up uh a. Project uh with the with the Stell project uh with the with the Stell project uh with the with the Stell. CLI uh so uh yeah for those who yeah uh yeah we can check basically we can uh yeah we can check basically we can. Check at Stellar documentation how to to check at Stellar documentation how to to. Check at Stellar documentation how to to install the CLI and uh uh and use it but. Install the CLI and uh uh and use it but install the CLI and uh uh and use it but. Yeah here we're initializing the uh the yeah here we're initializing the uh the yeah here we're initializing the uh the. Project uh so here we have we have our project uh so here we have we have our project uh so here we have we have our. Awesome token um awesome token um awesome token um contract uh yeah um we we need to. Contract uh yeah um we we need to contract uh yeah um we we need to add we need to add the uh the. Add we need to add the uh the add we need to add the uh the dependency uh here the recommendation is. Dependency uh here the recommendation is dependency uh here the recommendation is. To use to pin it to a specific version to use to pin it to a specific version to use to pin it to a specific version. Or or or tag um so as the this version 0. one uh tag um so as the this version 0. one uh. Tag um so as the this version 0. one uh is the the most recently audited it's uh is the the most recently audited it's uh. Is the the most recently audited it's uh this version that we are going to use this version that we are going to use. This version that we are going to use then uh we are ready then uh we are ready then uh we are ready. To like to delete this boiler plate that to like to delete this boiler plate that. To like to delete this boiler plate that was provided by the C and go back to uh was provided by the C and go back to uh. Was provided by the C and go back to uh the wizard UI here the wizard UI here the wizard UI here. We are copying our uh we are copying our uh we are copying our uh contract going back to the file we are. Contract going back to the file we are contract going back to the file we are pasting pasting. Pasting pasting pasting pasting it and yeah so we have it we have it and yeah so we have it we have. It and yeah so we have it we have everything set up if we like if uh uh we everything set up if we like if uh uh we. Everything set up if we like if uh uh we need to do some need to do some need to do some. Modifications uh we we can uh we and we modifications uh we we can uh we and we modifications uh we we can uh we and we. Know of course what what we are doing we know of course what what we are doing we. Know of course what what we are doing we can go and straight to the can go and straight to the. Can go and straight to the to the codent modified then to the codent modified then. To the codent modified then um we are going to uh to build um we are going to uh to build. Um we are going to uh to build this to build this uh contract so it is this to build this uh contract so it is. This to build this uh contract so it is done then uh the recommendations are to done then uh the recommendations are to. Done then uh the recommendations are to also um not only build but also also um not only build but also. Also um not only build but also to uh optimize it to uh optimize it to uh optimize it. Uh so there is a special yeah there is a CLI there is a special yeah there is a CLI. Command for it uh so well it's not so here it is we we gained like so here it is we we gained like. Something like 1,000 and something bytes something like 1,000 and something bytes. Something like 1,000 and something bytes of our optimized version so it is ready of our optimized version so it is ready. Of our optimized version so it is ready to be deployed to be deployed to be deployed. Now uh just for the record I have like I now uh just for the record I have like I. Now uh just for the record I have like I set it up um wallet um from the Stellar set it up um wallet um from the Stellar. Set it up um wallet um from the Stellar lab and funded it with some uh with some lab and funded it with some uh with some. Lab and funded it with some uh with some um um um lumens test net lumens and now uh we are. Lumens test net lumens and now uh we are lumens test net lumens and now uh we are. Going to deploy to deploy it uh so it was called my it uh so it was called my awesome my awesome token. Awesome my awesome token awesome my awesome token right we are deploying it uh with the. Right we are deploying it uh with the right we are deploying it uh with the Alice um with the Alice uh. Alice um with the Alice uh Alice um with the Alice uh key uh yeah here is U an address that. Key uh yeah here is U an address that key uh yeah here is U an address that will be the owner and uh. Will be the owner and uh will be the owner and uh the the recipient let's let's say it will be Alice again. Let's let's say it will be Alice again so Alice will re receive the the the so Alice will re receive the the the. So Alice will re receive the the the tokens so if everything's tokens so if everything's. Tokens so if everything's [Music] [Music] [Music] fine we should have our contract. Fine we should have our contract fine we should have our contract [Music] [Music]. [Music] so yeah this is fine it gets uh it got so yeah this is fine it gets uh it got. So yeah this is fine it gets uh it got deployed this at this deployed this at this. Deployed this at this address and Alice uh received the 1,000 address and Alice uh received the 1,000. Address and Alice uh received the 1,000 uh 1,000 tokens that we uh we uh 1,000 tokens that we uh we. Uh 1,000 tokens that we uh we uh yeah we we preed basically and now uh yeah we we preed basically and now. Uh yeah we we preed basically and now yeah you can uh interact with this uh yeah you can uh interact with this uh. Yeah you can uh interact with this uh contract uh either with the CLI or build contract uh either with the CLI or build. Contract uh either with the CLI or build a uh UI uh build a UI for it maybe just a uh UI uh build a UI for it maybe just. A uh UI uh build a UI for it maybe just let you uh let demonstrate how uh we can let you uh let demonstrate how uh we can. Let you uh let demonstrate how uh we can invoke invoke invoke it um so just to so this is the. Um so just to so this is the contract so yeah it actually it is contract so yeah it actually it is. Contract so yeah it actually it is stored under token the token Alas and we stored under token the token Alas and we. Stored under token the token Alas and we going to check um we going to check the going to check um we going to check the. Going to check um we going to check the balance of Alice yeah okay so it's working we. Alice yeah okay so it's working we checked so the balance uh is uh correct checked so the balance uh is uh correct. Checked so the balance uh is uh correct because it's because it's because it's uh uh yeah how. Uh uh yeah how uh uh yeah how the yeah basically we preed 1,000 with the yeah basically we preed 1,000 with. The yeah basically we preed 1,000 with 18 decimals so that's why we see so big 18 decimals so that's why we see so big. 18 decimals so that's why we see so big zero so so many zeros and yeah um I zero so so many zeros and yeah um I. Zero so so many zeros and yeah um I guess uh this is guess uh this is guess uh this is. Enough this is great yeah this is great enough this is great yeah this is great enough this is great yeah this is great. It really it really I convince you it's really it really I convince you it's really easy I mean uh of course you have. Really easy I mean uh of course you have really easy I mean uh of course you have. To uh uh to uh uh to uh uh be familiar a bit with the Stellar CI be familiar a bit with the Stellar CI. Be familiar a bit with the Stellar CI but I think it's a great very intuitive but I think it's a great very intuitive. But I think it's a great very intuitive and user friendly so yeah it's really and user friendly so yeah it's really. And user friendly so yeah it's really easy to to get up to speed with uh with easy to to get up to speed with uh with. Easy to to get up to speed with uh with that so yeah yeah yeah I I think this that so yeah yeah yeah I I think this. That so yeah yeah yeah I I think this this uh demo showed really how how this uh demo showed really how how. This uh demo showed really how how simple it is to to to work with and one simple it is to to to work with and one. Simple it is to to to work with and one thing that I that I appreciate a lot too thing that I that I appreciate a lot too. Thing that I that I appreciate a lot too is the testing that this goes through on. Is the testing that this goes through on is the testing that this goes through on. Your end so if if you are implementing your end so if if you are implementing your end so if if you are implementing. This yourself and maybe you you are this yourself and maybe you you are this yourself and maybe you you are. Still pretty new to uh development on on still pretty new to uh development on on. Still pretty new to uh development on on on Stellar um I think just knowing that on Stellar um I think just knowing that. On Stellar um I think just knowing that this has been tested thoroughly this is this has been tested thoroughly this is. This has been tested thoroughly this is secure this is safe I think that that secure this is safe I think that that. Secure this is safe I think that that gives me a lot more confidence as a gives me a lot more confidence as a. Gives me a lot more confidence as a developer that the products I'm building developer that the products I'm building. Developer that the products I'm building uh that they are also safe for for the uh that they are also safe for for the. Uh that they are also safe for for the users so I think that's that's something users so I think that's that's something. Users so I think that's that's something that you know the convenience of of that you know the convenience of of. That you know the convenience of of using open sein is is is obvious here using open sein is is is obvious here. Using open sein is is is obvious here it's super easy and simple but I think I it's super easy and simple but I think I. It's super easy and simple but I think I I think for me the knowing that that I think for me the knowing that that. I think for me the knowing that that this has actually gone through very this has actually gone through very. This has actually gone through very serious testing that that that's serious testing that that that's. Serious testing that that that's something that I would like to at least something that I would like to at least. Something that I would like to at least put a little bit of Spotlight on um I put a little bit of Spotlight on um I. Put a little bit of Spotlight on um I think uh maybe we can see if there's think uh maybe we can see if there's. Think uh maybe we can see if there's anyone that has any questions uh let me anyone that has any questions uh let me. Anyone that has any questions uh let me see I see Elliot actually one of my team see I see Elliot actually one of my team. See I see Elliot actually one of my team members he has a question here uh he members he has a question here uh he. Members he has a question here uh he says in the nft contracts are you says in the nft contracts are you. Says in the nft contracts are you implementing the same extensions as the implementing the same extensions as the. Implementing the same extensions as the F tokens or is a different set of F tokens or is a different set of. F tokens or is a different set of extensions I believe I can take this one extensions I believe I can take this one. Extensions I believe I can take this one um so they are not completely the same um so they are not completely the same. Um so they are not completely the same since the standards We are following since the standards We are following. Since the standards We are following are getting differentiated as well so are getting differentiated as well so. Are getting differentiated as well so for nfts it would be enumerable for nfts it would be enumerable. For nfts it would be enumerable consecutive minable consecutive minable consecutive minable. Burnable and also burnable and also burnable and also claimable but some of these are not. Claimable but some of these are not claimable but some of these are not exactly exactly. Exactly extensions uh but we want to give the extensions uh but we want to give the. Extensions uh but we want to give the name of them so that if a person from name of them so that if a person from. Name of them so that if a person from other ecosystems comes here and wants to other ecosystems comes here and wants to. Other ecosystems comes here and wants to search for these they will know how they. Search for these they will know how they search for these they will know how they. Are implemented or adopted into Stellar are implemented or adopted into Stellar are implemented or adopted into Stellar. So these five things that I mentioned so these five things that I mentioned so these five things that I mentioned. Will be will be will be covered okay great we have another covered okay great we have another. Covered okay great we have another question from uh JS maxi uh it says said question from uh JS maxi uh it says said. Question from uh JS maxi uh it says said we we we are sentential developing an R ERC. Are sentential developing an R ERC are sentential developing an R ERC 4626 standard Vault Solution on Stell. 4626 standard Vault Solution on Stell 4626 standard Vault Solution on Stell San and if that could be integrated into. San and if that could be integrated into San and if that could be integrated into. Open sain standard library for soran in open sain standard library for soran in open sain standard library for soran in. The future I I I don't actually don't the future I I I don't actually don't the future I I I don't actually don't. Know if that's something we can we can know if that's something we can we can know if that's something we can we can. Answer here uh I think that's uh answer here uh I think that's uh answer here uh I think that's uh. Probably is about 46 probably is about 46 probably is about 46 36 yeah 36 yeah 36 yeah. 46 26 yeah yeah yeah yeah it is it is um 46 26 yeah yeah yeah yeah it is it is um. 46 26 yeah yeah yeah yeah it is it is um it is included in the road map down the it is included in the road map down the. It is included in the road map down the yeah uh for the next Milestones I'm not yeah uh for the next Milestones I'm not. Yeah uh for the next Milestones I'm not sure if in the in the Milestone 2 or sure if in the in the Milestone 2 or. Sure if in the in the Milestone 2 or Milestone three but it is for sure Milestone three but it is for sure. Milestone three but it is for sure included in in the road map okay but the included in in the road map okay but the. Included in in the road map okay but the question is they are asking for question is they are asking for. Question is they are asking for collaboration so they are already trying collaboration so they are already trying. Collaboration so they are already trying to build it so yes by the way yes we are. To build it so yes by the way yes we are to build it so yes by the way yes we are. Uh the title of our jobs is open source uh the title of our jobs is open source uh the title of our jobs is open source. So of course any collaboration is more so of course any collaboration is more so of course any collaboration is more. Than welcome please be sure to check out than welcome please be sure to check out. Than welcome please be sure to check out our contributor guidelines which is the our contributor guidelines which is the. Our contributor guidelines which is the usual stuff uh we have like mainstream usual stuff uh we have like mainstream. Usual stuff uh we have like mainstream things there and anybody who wants to things there and anybody who wants to. Things there and anybody who wants to contribute can contribute in fact we do contribute can contribute in fact we do. Contribute can contribute in fact we do have three external contributors right have three external contributors right. Have three external contributors right now so the more the merrier great and now so the more the merrier great and. Now so the more the merrier great and this is this is why it's great to have this is this is why it's great to have. This is this is why it's great to have you guys on here because I was not able you guys on here because I was not able. You guys on here because I was not able to answer that question you you guys are to answer that question you you guys are. To answer that question you you guys are the experts on that okay let's see uh we. The experts on that okay let's see uh we the experts on that okay let's see uh we. Have one question more from Matias uh have one question more from Matias uh have one question more from Matias uh. What design considerations were made for what design considerations were made for. What design considerations were made for the library considering classic sorban the library considering classic sorban. The library considering classic sorban and How Stella classic assets work yeah I can I can maybe maybe. Work yeah I can I can maybe maybe partially give an answer and O you're partially give an answer and O you're. Partially give an answer and O you're going to to uh to add if I miss anything going to to uh to add if I miss anything. Going to to uh to add if I miss anything um yeah so we are trying to um yeah so we are trying to. Um yeah so we are trying to uh navigate between uh like different uh uh navigate between uh like different uh. Uh navigate between uh like different uh let's say uh uh requirements concerns uh. Let's say uh uh requirements concerns uh let's say uh uh requirements concerns uh. And yeah of course and yeah of course and yeah of course um uh one of the requirements is to to. Um uh one of the requirements is to to um uh one of the requirements is to to make things uh compatible with Stellar. Make things uh compatible with Stellar make things uh compatible with Stellar classic uh for the moment uh we have. Classic uh for the moment uh we have classic uh for the moment uh we have finished with um with the fungible uh. Finished with um with the fungible uh finished with um with the fungible uh fungible token implementation that is. Fungible token implementation that is fungible token implementation that is like in the uh that was audited I. Like in the uh that was audited I like in the uh that was audited I demonstrated and uh actually it overlaps. Demonstrated and uh actually it overlaps demonstrated and uh actually it overlaps. By uh with many of the features that are by uh with many of the features that are. By uh with many of the features that are available already um from the sorbon uh available already um from the sorbon uh. Available already um from the sorbon uh sbone SDK itself so uh on that on that sbone SDK itself so uh on that on that. Sbone SDK itself so uh on that on that front we haven't done much because yeah front we haven't done much because yeah. Front we haven't done much because yeah most of the work was already done by the most of the work was already done by the. Most of the work was already done by the the uh Stellar development foundation the uh Stellar development foundation. The uh Stellar development foundation team uh so team uh so team uh so um yeah for the nft that we are for the. Um yeah for the nft that we are for the um yeah for the nft that we are for the nft part modu that we are working at. Nft part modu that we are working at nft part modu that we are working at right now um yeah there there are some. Right now um yeah there there are some right now um yeah there there are some there are some discussions about. There are some discussions about there are some discussions about how uh how this compatibility can be uh. How uh how this compatibility can be uh how uh how this compatibility can be uh brought uh on the. Brought uh on the brought uh on the table uh there are some ideas that are table uh there are some ideas that are. Table uh there are some ideas that are circulating but uh yeah trying to to circulating but uh yeah trying to to. Circulating but uh yeah trying to to accommodate also for existing Stellar um accommodate also for existing Stellar um. Accommodate also for existing Stellar um developers that are like try to leverage. Developers that are like try to leverage developers that are like try to leverage. Uh Stellar classic assets but also for uh Stellar classic assets but also for uh Stellar classic assets but also for. Some other use cases where people need some other use cases where people need some other use cases where people need. Uh need some uh customizations uh that uh need some uh customizations uh that uh need some uh customizations uh that. Can be brought only by uh smart can be brought only by uh smart can be brought only by uh smart. Contracts okay contracts okay contracts okay great let's see yeah and I was actually. Great let's see yeah and I was actually great let's see yeah and I was actually thinking about this mat was uh he was. Thinking about this mat was uh he was thinking about this mat was uh he was asking on what's on. Asking on what's on asking on what's on um what's on the the road map what what um what's on the the road map what what. Um what's on the the road map what what is coming next uh can you maybe talk a is coming next uh can you maybe talk a. Is coming next uh can you maybe talk a little bit about the road little bit about the road. Little bit about the road map there will be smart wallets many map there will be smart wallets many. Map there will be smart wallets many other token other token other token standards um some utilities like fix. Standards um some utilities like fix standards um some utilities like fix Point arithmetic and Merle proofs stuff. Point arithmetic and Merle proofs stuff Point arithmetic and Merle proofs stuff like that but uh they are. Like that but uh they are like that but uh they are all discussed and we may change the. All discussed and we may change the all discussed and we may change the order Etc depending on the community. Order Etc depending on the community order Etc depending on the community feedback and our. Feedback and our feedback and our priorities okay great yeah actually yeah priorities okay great yeah actually yeah. Priorities okay great yeah actually yeah actually yeah we are really looking for actually yeah we are really looking for. Actually yeah we are really looking for like feedback what is what are the like feedback what is what are the. Like feedback what is what are the utilities the The Primitives that are utilities the The Primitives that are. Utilities the The Primitives that are most the mostly like Builders from most the mostly like Builders from. Most the mostly like Builders from Stellar are like uh eager to see so yeah Stellar are like uh eager to see so yeah. Stellar are like uh eager to see so yeah we are definitely looking for uh for we are definitely looking for uh for. We are definitely looking for uh for feedback uh so that we can Shape Up feedback uh so that we can Shape Up. Feedback uh so that we can Shape Up together uh the our road together uh the our road. Together uh the our road map okay great uh so we have a question map okay great uh so we have a question. Map okay great uh so we have a question also from L again uh any highlights or also from L again uh any highlights or. Also from L again uh any highlights or low lights you can share about the low lights you can share about the. Low lights you can share about the Stella sorond architecture compared to Stella sorond architecture compared to. Stella sorond architecture compared to other blockchains since you have work other blockchains since you have work. Other blockchains since you have work with other chains you want me to start buan and. Chains you want me to start buan and then you can continue okay so then you can continue okay so. Then you can continue okay so authorization is done in a great way I authorization is done in a great way I. Authorization is done in a great way I will let poan speak more on that but but will let poan speak more on that but but. Will let poan speak more on that but but I also uh admire the way authorization I also uh admire the way authorization. I also uh admire the way authorization and authentication Works in and authentication Works in. And authentication Works in San my San my San my biggest uh admiration comes from the. Biggest uh admiration comes from the biggest uh admiration comes from the developer experience it's great right. Developer experience it's great right developer experience it's great right now it's super simple yet super safe and. Now it's super simple yet super safe and now it's super simple yet super safe and. We also want to and try to do our best we also want to and try to do our best we also want to and try to do our best. To keep this safety and simplicity in to keep this safety and simplicity in to keep this safety and simplicity in. Our uh yeah I'm yeah I'm also uh joining uh Al on on this on this also uh joining uh Al on on this on this. Also uh joining uh Al on on this on this um uh front and yeah just to add that uh. Um uh front and yeah just to add that uh um uh front and yeah just to add that uh. Like yeah authorizations uh like yeah authorizations uh like yeah authorizations uh. How uh how they're handled uh like uh on how uh how they're handled uh like uh on. How uh how they're handled uh like uh on a protocol level actually uh relieves uh. A protocol level actually uh relieves uh a protocol level actually uh relieves uh. A lot of uh lot of remove a lot of pain a lot of uh lot of remove a lot of pain a lot of uh lot of remove a lot of pain. Points that for example developers from points that for example developers from points that for example developers from. Coming from evm chains are having like coming from evm chains are having like coming from evm chains are having like. For dealing with for dealing with for dealing with authorizations um actually many of the. Authorizations um actually many of the authorizations um actually many of the things that are natively supported uh. Things that are natively supported uh things that are natively supported uh and Builders shouldn't care like at all. And Builders shouldn't care like at all and Builders shouldn't care like at all in other ecosystems like it's additional. In other ecosystems like it's additional in other ecosystems like it's additional. Overhead of like how to construct your overhead of like how to construct your overhead of like how to construct your. Uh contract so uh they're not too big uh contract so uh they're not too big uh contract so uh they're not too big. They're too complex and here like they're too complex and here like they're too complex and here like. Builders can focus on what's the most Builders can focus on what's the most Builders can focus on what's the most. Important the business logic that is uh important the business logic that is uh important the business logic that is uh. That is uh regarding their their that is uh regarding their their that is uh regarding their their. Specific application so this is a huge a specific application so this is a huge a. Specific application so this is a huge a huge benefit um other thing that comes huge benefit um other thing that comes. Huge benefit um other thing that comes to my mind is for example how uh how uh to my mind is for example how uh how uh. To my mind is for example how uh how uh the uh how we deal with the uh how we deal with. The uh how we deal with upgradability uh in uh in soron upgradability uh in uh in soron. Upgradability uh in uh in soron it's just a seamless like it's just a seamless like. It's just a seamless like a a wine liner compared to uh compared a a wine liner compared to uh compared. A a wine liner compared to uh compared to uh for example ethereum where are to uh for example ethereum where are. To uh for example ethereum where are like uh dozens of different OB like uh dozens of different OB. Like uh dozens of different OB gradability patterns uh with different gradability patterns uh with different. Gradability patterns uh with different tradeoffs uh security concerns Etc and tradeoffs uh security concerns Etc and. Tradeoffs uh security concerns Etc and here is just a no-brainer so it's bit a here is just a no-brainer so it's bit a. Here is just a no-brainer so it's bit a big thumbs up uh about the work that big thumbs up uh about the work that. Big thumbs up uh about the work that that's done uh that's done uh that's done uh. In the background so yeah okay great in the background so yeah okay great in the background so yeah okay great. Well that was all very positive so happy well that was all very positive so happy. Well that was all very positive so happy to hear that um I think Matias was to hear that um I think Matias was. To hear that um I think Matias was asking about the soulbound tokens if if asking about the soulbound tokens if if. Asking about the soulbound tokens if if that's possible uh is that something that's possible uh is that something. That's possible uh is that something that's been cons being considered or that's been cons being considered or. That's been cons being considered or thought about or is that not something thought about or is that not something. Thought about or is that not something that's been been considered yet sorry it cut and I couldn't hear. Yet sorry it cut and I couldn't hear oh uh so Matas was asking about Soul oh uh so Matas was asking about Soul. Oh uh so Matas was asking about Soul bound tokens if that's soul to bound tokens if that's soul to. Bound tokens if that's soul to yeah uh actually it is not something yeah uh actually it is not something. Yeah uh actually it is not something that is uh planned straight straight that is uh planned straight straight. That is uh planned straight straight away uh but away uh but away uh but um but yeah I mean with the nfts we are. Um but yeah I mean with the nfts we are um but yeah I mean with the nfts we are building the the the the ground for for. Building the the the the ground for for building the the the the ground for for for that and uh yeah maybe yeah we have. For that and uh yeah maybe yeah we have for that and uh yeah maybe yeah we have to to see how yeah how this is uh uh how. To to see how yeah how this is uh uh how to to see how yeah how this is uh uh how. This can fit in the future Milestone this can fit in the future Milestone this can fit in the future Milestone. Okay great by the way it is worth to okay great by the way it is worth to okay great by the way it is worth to. Note that uh we are building this for note that uh we are building this for note that uh we are building this for. Community so if Community wants that we community so if Community wants that we community so if Community wants that we. Will for sure do will for sure do will for sure do it it it great uh have you great uh have you. Great uh have you identified uh the biggest pain points identified uh the biggest pain points. Identified uh the biggest pain points from a developer experience for building from a developer experience for building. From a developer experience for building cross Chain cross Chain cross Chain Solutions uh this also a question from. Yes right now we haven't explored how we yes right now we haven't explored how we. Would do cross chain stuff for Stellar would do cross chain stuff for Stellar would do cross chain stuff for Stellar. So I for myself am not able to answer so I for myself am not able to answer so I for myself am not able to answer. That as of yet maybe in the upcoming that as of yet maybe in the upcoming that as of yet maybe in the upcoming. Months I will be but maybe buan will months I will be but maybe buan will months I will be but maybe buan will. Have something to say I don't know yeah have something to say I don't know yeah have something to say I don't know yeah. Just to add that there there is the AEL just to add that there there is the AEL just to add that there there is the AEL. Team that are doing some yeah great um team that are doing some yeah great um team that are doing some yeah great um. Great job on that front so if you are great job on that front so if you are great job on that front so if you are. Interested in Cross chain uh cross chain interested in Cross chain uh cross chain. Interested in Cross chain uh cross chain standards uh don't remember the exact standards uh don't remember the exact. Standards uh don't remember the exact number of it uh but U yeah you can check number of it uh but U yeah you can check. Number of it uh but U yeah you can check their their work uh yeah they have their their work uh yeah they have. Their their work uh yeah they have really good good stuff there yeah okay really good good stuff there yeah okay. Really good good stuff there yeah okay great any any other questions let's see great any any other questions let's see. Great any any other questions let's see I think we got H there's only one I I think we got H there's only one I. I think we got H there's only one I skipped was what is the expected Cadence skipped was what is the expected Cadence. Skipped was what is the expected Cadence of releases for for the library of releases for for the library. Of releases for for the library yeah I answered that right now in chat yeah I answered that right now in chat. Yeah I answered that right now in chat but let me say it from here as well we but let me say it from here as well we. But let me say it from here as well we are uh we are we will try to have a are uh we are we will try to have a. Are uh we are we will try to have a monthly release monthly release monthly release. Schedule the keyword here is trying but schedule the keyword here is trying but schedule the keyword here is trying but. We will do our we will do our we will do our best okay great let's great let's see any any other. See any any other see any any other questions I think we we got uh I think questions I think we we got uh I think. Questions I think we we got uh I think we got quite a quite a few questions we got quite a quite a few questions. We got quite a quite a few questions that were outstanding from from from our that were outstanding from from from our. That were outstanding from from from our last session where we we were not really. Last session where we we were not really last session where we we were not really. Provide able to provide good answers I provide able to provide good answers I provide able to provide good answers I. Think we got got all of that covered so think we got got all of that covered so think we got got all of that covered so. It it was really great to to have you it it was really great to to have you it it was really great to to have you. Have you both on on on this call and um have you both on on on this call and um have you both on on on this call and um. And I think I I'm super excited about and I think I I'm super excited about and I think I I'm super excited about. What what this means for the developer what what this means for the developer what what this means for the developer. Experience on on on stellar and uh I experience on on on stellar and uh I experience on on on stellar and uh I. Can't wait to see what people are can't wait to see what people are can't wait to see what people are. Building using uh using the open sein building using uh using the open sein building using uh using the open sein. Library uh any any final words from your Library uh any any final words from your. Library uh any any final words from your guys yeah just uh yeah thanks thanks a guys yeah just uh yeah thanks thanks a. Guys yeah just uh yeah thanks thanks a lot for for having us uh it was uh it lot for for having us uh it was uh it. Lot for for having us uh it was uh it was a pleasure for us uh also to thanks was a pleasure for us uh also to thanks. Was a pleasure for us uh also to thanks for all the questions and yeah don't uh for all the questions and yeah don't uh. For all the questions and yeah don't uh yeah don't hesitate to to Ping us on yeah don't hesitate to to Ping us on. Yeah don't hesitate to to Ping us on Discord Discord Discord um uh and yeah chat there about uh about. Um uh and yeah chat there about uh about um uh and yeah chat there about uh about. Uh whatever you you think uh uh yeah uh whatever you you think uh uh yeah uh whatever you you think uh uh yeah. Yeah it's it's important so that we we yeah it's it's important so that we we yeah it's it's important so that we we. Build a a great tools for the whole web build a a great tools for the whole web build a a great tools for the whole web. System so yeah thank you and in addition system so yeah thank you and in addition. System so yeah thank you and in addition to that uh please feel free to open up to that uh please feel free to open up. To that uh please feel free to open up any issues for the features you want to any issues for the features you want to. Any issues for the features you want to say or bugs you want to report or just say or bugs you want to report or just. Say or bugs you want to report or just questions you want to ask we are also questions you want to ask we are also. Questions you want to ask we are also pretty active on GitHub and it's a uh pretty active on GitHub and it's a uh. Pretty active on GitHub and it's a uh public repository so feel free to public repository so feel free to. Public repository so feel free to interact with us from GitHub as interact with us from GitHub as. Interact with us from GitHub as well great thank you so much for joining well great thank you so much for joining. Well great thank you so much for joining and uh maybe we will do a follow-up and uh maybe we will do a follow-up. And uh maybe we will do a follow-up session uh at a later time uh this was session uh at a later time uh this was. Session uh at a later time uh this was great love the demo love to pick your great love the demo love to pick your. Great love the demo love to pick your brains on on these topics so thank you brains on on these topics so thank you. Brains on on these topics so thank you again for joining and thank you for again for joining and thank you for. Again for joining and thank you for everyone who uh who listened in here everyone who uh who listened in here. Everyone who uh who listened in here thank you and see you next week bye by thank you and see you next week bye by. Thank you and see you next week bye by right thank you.
