All right all right all right all right all right all right here we are finally the . Here we are finally the here we are finally the the Stellar round table on . The Stellar round table on the Stellar round table on on nft so we are going to talk about. On nft so we are going to talk about on nft so we are going to talk about non-fungible tokens today. Non-fungible tokens today non-fungible tokens today I will admit it wasn't that long ago. I will admit it wasn't that long ago I will admit it wasn't that long ago before I thought. Before I thought before I thought this had something to do with mushrooms this had something to do with mushrooms. This had something to do with mushrooms or or or fungus I didn't know what a fungible or. Fungus I didn't know what a fungible or fungus I didn't know what a fungible or non-fungible token was that was. Non-fungible token was that was non-fungible token was that was definitely one of my most. Definitely one of my most definitely one of my most earliest google queries earliest google queries. Earliest google queries back when I was first getting introduced back when I was first getting introduced. Back when I was first getting introduced to this concept to this concept to this concept. we've got we've got a a fun little we've got we've got a a fun little we've got we've got a a fun little. Discussion for the next hour or so we've discussion for the next hour or so we've. Discussion for the next hour or so we've got some got some got some fantastic guests on . fantastic guests on fantastic guests on i'll start with myself my name is tyler. I'll start with myself my name is tyler i'll start with myself my name is tyler vanderhooven I'm the ecosystem. Vanderhooven I'm the ecosystem vanderhooven I'm the ecosystem evangelist at the Stellar development. Evangelist at the Stellar development evangelist at the Stellar development foundation. Foundation foundation I spend my day writing documentation I spend my day writing documentation. I spend my day writing documentation and doing workshops and building apps and doing workshops and building apps. And doing workshops and building apps and understanding what the ecosystem and understanding what the ecosystem. And understanding what the ecosystem what folks like what folks like what folks like. These panelists here are up to these panelists here are up to these panelists here are up to. Day-to-day so I day-to-day so I day-to-day so I think I have the best job but could be. I think I have the best job but could be I think I have the best job but could be. Wrong wrong wrong if you all can go ahead and make sure if you all can go ahead and make sure. if you all can go ahead and make sure you are unmuted you are unmuted you are unmuted. And and we'll go ahead and go around and and we'll go ahead and go around and and we'll go ahead and go around. This this this proverbial round table maybe steve if proverbial round table maybe steve if. Proverbial round table maybe steve if you want to you want to you want to . If you want to go first a little bit if you want to go first a little bit if you want to go first a little bit. About yourself how you got into Stellar about yourself how you got into Stellar about yourself how you got into Stellar. In what you're up to in what you're up to in what you're up to yeah absolutely cheers so my name's. Yeah absolutely cheers so my name's yeah absolutely cheers so my name's steve I'm the ceo. Steve I'm the ceo steve I'm the ceo at task we've got involved with at task we've got involved with. at task we've got involved with Stellar  Stellar Stellar moore through the community fund. Moore through the community fund moore through the community fund we've been working with Stellar for. we've been working with Stellar for we've been working with Stellar for two and a half years. Two and a half years two and a half years task is a is a system that allows task is a is a system that allows. Task is a is a system that allows organizations to organizations to organizations to. connect and engage with their their connect and engage with their their connect and engage with their their. Teams gather information teams gather information teams gather information provide rewards and incentives through. Provide rewards and incentives through provide rewards and incentives through to teams and then take all that. To teams and then take all that to teams and then take all that information and report back to investors. Information and report back to investors information and report back to investors. And donors in the market in general and donors in the market in general and donors in the market in general. You know that's predominantly what we do you know that's predominantly what we do. You know that's predominantly what we do got some got some got some interesting aspects about how we believe. Interesting aspects about how we believe interesting aspects about how we believe. Nfts can be used which nfts can be used which nfts can be used which looking forward to getting into later. Looking forward to getting into later looking forward to getting into later and that's all from us. And that's all from us and that's all from us that is me super fantastic really that is me super fantastic really. That is me super fantastic really excited to have you on particularly excited to have you on particularly. Excited to have you on particularly for that for that for that less than traditional use case that we. Less than traditional use case that we less than traditional use case that we might think about when . Might think about when might think about when when we when we use that word nft . When we when we use that word nft when we when we use that word nft fred how about you. Yeah hi everyone and thanks for yeah hi everyone and thanks for having me so . Having me so having me so and also I wanted to say anion gaseo j and also I wanted to say anion gaseo j. And also I wanted to say anion gaseo j and all korean still up and all korean still up. And all korean still up and watching at that time so my name and watching at that time so my name. And watching at that time so my name is federico is federico is federico I am the founder of lightmint I'm also. I am the founder of lightmint I'm also I am the founder of lightmint I'm also the owner of. The owner of the owner of teleport so lightmint is a gaming teleport so lightmint is a gaming. Teleport so lightmint is a gaming platform basically connecting platform basically connecting. Platform basically connecting gamers to the crypto world with game gamers to the crypto world with game. Gamers to the crypto world with game asset ownership asset ownership asset ownership. cross currency decentralized cross currency decentralized cross currency decentralized. In-app purchases in-app purchases in-app purchases and also a lot of other features that. And also a lot of other features that and also a lot of other features that leverage the Stellar blockchain. Leverage the Stellar blockchain leverage the Stellar blockchain so just recently and it was alive with. So just recently and it was alive with so just recently and it was alive with sam conner on monday we unveiled our. Sam conner on monday we unveiled our sam conner on monday we unveiled our nft and collectible marketplace on. Nft and collectible marketplace on nft and collectible marketplace on Stellar Stellar. Stellar and the marketplace basically was and the marketplace basically was and the marketplace basically was. Created to created to created to connect the dots between between all connect the dots between between all. Connect the dots between between all our products our products our products to provide more synergies and it will. To provide more synergies and it will to provide more synergies and it will accept any kind of nfts. Accept any kind of nfts accept any kind of nfts it will be available publicly within the. It will be available publicly within the it will be available publicly within the. Next few days we are still fixing a few next few days we are still fixing a few next few days we are still fixing a few. Stuff stuff stuff and yeah I will talk about it a bit more and yeah I will talk about it a bit more. And yeah I will talk about it a bit more later later later super yeah very excited to have you on. Super yeah very excited to have you on super yeah very excited to have you on board you've been around for a long time. Board you've been around for a long time board you've been around for a long time. In the nft space in the nft space in the nft space super excited about that nft platform. Super excited about that nft platform super excited about that nft platform can't wait to start playing on that. Can't wait to start playing on that can't wait to start playing on that zach how about yourself Stellar zack. zach how about yourself Stellar zack zach how about yourself Stellar zack hello hi my name is zach I am the. Hello hi my name is zach I am the hello hi my name is zach I am the director of marketing. Director of marketing director of marketing solar development foundation which may. Solar development foundation which may solar development foundation which may make you wonder why am i. Make you wonder why am I make you wonder why am I here to talk about nfts on an ft. Here to talk about nfts on an ft here to talk about nfts on an ft roundtable. Roundtable roundtable my actual introduction to the space my actual introduction to the space . My actual introduction to the space was actually blockchain collectibles was actually blockchain collectibles. Was actually blockchain collectibles pre like 2018 like 2017 2016 kind of pre like 2018 like 2017 2016 kind of. pre like 2018 like 2017 2016 kind of stuff stuff stuff and it's been interesting to watch. And it's been interesting to watch and it's been interesting to watch the evolution of that kind of thing and. The evolution of that kind of thing and the evolution of that kind of thing and the evolution of digital ownership. The evolution of digital ownership the evolution of digital ownership and i've got a lot of thoughts just. And i've got a lot of thoughts just and i've got a lot of thoughts just generally just having explored this. Generally just having explored this generally just having explored this before before. Before my time at sdf and yeah I'm excited my time at sdf and yeah I'm excited. My time at sdf and yeah I'm excited to hear to hear to hear what how we how you guys are. What how we how you guys are what how we how you guys are implementing this stuff. Implementing this stuff implementing this stuff into your current solutions or use. into your current solutions or use into your current solutions or use cases so yeah. Cases so yeah cases so yeah super yeah very excited super yeah very excited . Super yeah very excited zach and I have a fun little history of zach and I have a fun little history of. Zach and I have a fun little history of before either of us worked at sdf we before either of us worked at sdf we. Before either of us worked at sdf we were we were doing some stuff around were we were doing some stuff around. Were we were doing some stuff around color glyph that's how we were color glyph that's how we were. Color glyph that's how we were introduced introduced introduced not exactly nfts but still the idea. not exactly nfts but still the idea not exactly nfts but still the idea of crypto. Of crypto of crypto gaming items and memeing the internet gaming items and memeing the internet. Gaming items and memeing the internet with with with strange and wonderful digital items . Strange and wonderful digital items strange and wonderful digital items so for our first discussion topic i. So for our first discussion topic I so for our first discussion topic I think it's good to lay a groundwork kind. Think it's good to lay a groundwork kind think it's good to lay a groundwork kind. Of create a foundation of create a foundation of create a foundation around definitions were you going to use. Around definitions were you going to use around definitions were you going to use. The word nft the word nft the word nft a lot I think a lot I think a lot I think it's an acronym but the acronym maybe. It's an acronym but the acronym maybe it's an acronym but the acronym maybe has grown a bit. Has grown a bit has grown a bit beyond just that or nfts have grown a beyond just that or nfts have grown a. Beyond just that or nfts have grown a bit beyond that bit beyond that bit beyond that. Fred I remember when you were talking fred I remember when you were talking fred I remember when you were talking. With sam connor a couple days ago you with sam connor a couple days ago you with sam connor a couple days ago you. You touched on this a bit you touched on this a bit you touched on this a bit that nfts is an acronym but it's grown. That nfts is an acronym but it's grown that nfts is an acronym but it's grown beyond that a little bit so if you can. Beyond that a little bit so if you can beyond that a little bit so if you can if you can briefly touch on when. If you can briefly touch on when if you can briefly touch on when somebody says nft. Somebody says nft somebody says nft or when you think about it what does or when you think about it what does. Or when you think about it what does that mean to you what does that mean to that mean to you what does that mean to. That mean to you what does that mean to your users your users your users and how does that affect the way that. and how does that affect the way that and how does that affect the way that. You build you build you build build enlightenment or products build enlightenment or products. Build enlightenment or products supporting nfts supporting nfts supporting nfts yeah I mean so nft is essentially . Yeah I mean so nft is essentially yeah I mean so nft is essentially like yes strict definitions they are. Like yes strict definitions they are like yes strict definitions they are unique assets. Unique assets unique assets and that means they are not and that means they are not. And that means they are not interchangeable but yes the way people interchangeable but yes the way people. Interchangeable but yes the way people use use use the term nfts these days is more to. The term nfts these days is more to the term nfts these days is more to describe a wider range. Describe a wider range describe a wider range of non-fractionable assets right so. Of non-fractionable assets right so of non-fractionable assets right so so they are not necessarily unique. So they are not necessarily unique so they are not necessarily unique and yes this definition fits better much. And yes this definition fits better much and yes this definition fits better much. Better better better the the current use case of nfts which the the current use case of nfts which. The the current use case of nfts which is essentially is essentially is essentially. To provide proof of ownership for to provide proof of ownership for to provide proof of ownership for . Digital content digital content digital content within a decentralized world right so. within a decentralized world right so within a decentralized world right so. so yeah that I think with the more so yeah that I think with the more so yeah that I think with the more. And more decentralized and more decentralized and more decentralized and the more and more disengaged our. and the more and more disengaged our and the more and more disengaged our digital. Digital digital platforms become the more nfcs platforms become the more nfcs platforms become the more nfcs. Are meaningful yeah I remember when are meaningful yeah I remember when are meaningful yeah I remember when . Because nfts for me obviously kind of because nfts for me obviously kind of because nfts for me obviously kind of. Meant that that acronym but then I saw meant that that acronym but then I saw meant that that acronym but then I saw. An auction or a sale or something that an auction or a sale or something that an auction or a sale or something that. Was a one of 10 nft sale I'm like was a one of 10 nft sale I'm like was a one of 10 nft sale I'm like. I feel like we're moving beyond what I feel like we're moving beyond what I feel like we're moving beyond what. Nfts actually are and they're starting nfts actually are and they're starting nfts actually are and they're starting. To take on to take on to take on there's nothing wrong with a one of 10 there's nothing wrong with a one of 10. There's nothing wrong with a one of 10 sale of something but that's not what an sale of something but that's not what an. Sale of something but that's not what an nft nft nft the acronym is so maybe it's starting to. The acronym is so maybe it's starting to the acronym is so maybe it's starting to. Move beyond that I don't know zack maybe move beyond that I don't know zack maybe. Move beyond that I don't know zack maybe you have some thoughts around you have some thoughts around. You have some thoughts around this concept of moving away from this concept of moving away from. this concept of moving away from just an acronym to just an acronym to just an acronym to. Taking on more of a ideological taking on more of a ideological taking on more of a ideological . Ownership ownership ownership freedom there I mean I i'll echo fred freedom there I mean I i'll echo fred. Freedom there I mean I i'll echo fred I mean 100 it's it's like digital I mean 100 it's it's like digital. I mean 100 it's it's like digital ownership stuff ownership stuff ownership stuff. Early on I mean if you look at I mean early on I mean if you look at I mean early on I mean if you look at I mean. Outside of like colored coins and stuff outside of like colored coins and stuff outside of like colored coins and stuff. But moving into like early ethereum but moving into like early ethereum but moving into like early ethereum. Collectibles all you had collectibles all you had collectibles all you had were to work with erc20 like contracts. Were to work with erc20 like contracts were to work with erc20 like contracts and you know my like the stuff we were. And you know my like the stuff we were and you know my like the stuff we were working on were. Working on were working on were modified erc20 contracts that like modified erc20 contracts that like. Modified erc20 contracts that like tracked ownership tracked ownership tracked ownership. but they were like single like but they were like single like but they were like single like . Not no decimal thing so like we were not no decimal thing so like we were not no decimal thing so like we were. Thinking about things like trading cards thinking about things like trading cards. Thinking about things like trading cards or like or like or like you know rare like rare items and. You know rare like rare items and you know rare like rare items and drops and video games or something like. Drops and video games or something like drops and video games or something like that. That that like those things aren't unique in that like those things aren't unique in that. Like those things aren't unique in that you can you can you can like you'll have multiple mickey mantle. Like you'll have multiple mickey mantle like you'll have multiple mickey mantle cards in a baseball card pack. Cards in a baseball card pack cards in a baseball card pack but there's only so many that exist and. But there's only so many that exist and but there's only so many that exist and so I think. So I think so I think the acro acronym doesn't bother me the acro acronym doesn't bother me. The acro acronym doesn't bother me because before there was nfts that because before there was nfts that. Because before there was nfts that that concept existed anyway and so if that concept existed anyway and so if. That concept existed anyway and so if that if we're calling them nfps now as that if we're calling them nfps now as. That if we're calling them nfps now as like like like the broader space term I don't think it. The broader space term I don't think it the broader space term I don't think it matters if it's a one of one. Matters if it's a one of one matters if it's a one of one or a one of one thousand because the. Or a one of one thousand because the or a one of one thousand because the principle is the same it's not it's not. Principle is the same it's not it's not principle is the same it's not it's not like a currency or something else. Like a currency or something else like a currency or something else yeah yep yes that digital ownership that. Yeah yep yes that digital ownership that yeah yep yes that digital ownership that. I think is so interesting and I think is so interesting and I think is so interesting and. that that being what people mean when that that being what people mean when. that that being what people mean when they're talking about nfts is taking they're talking about nfts is taking. They're talking about nfts is taking whatever we used to mean whatever we used to mean. Whatever we used to mean when it was physical ownership of when it was physical ownership of. When it was physical ownership of something and finding a way to turn that something and finding a way to turn that. Something and finding a way to turn that into into into digital ownership where you can transfer. Digital ownership where you can transfer digital ownership where you can transfer. And and and gain a lot of that same value where I'm gain a lot of that same value where I'm. Gain a lot of that same value where I'm holding the one thing or holding the one thing or. Holding the one thing or there's only ten people in the world there's only ten people in the world. There's only ten people in the world that have this somehow you can replicate that have this somehow you can replicate. That have this somehow you can replicate that digitally where you're not that digitally where you're not. That digitally where you're not physically holding an item but that same physically holding an item but that same. Physically holding an item but that same that same construct is is existing that same construct is is existing. that same construct is is existing steve did you have something to add steve did you have something to add. Steve did you have something to add there there there you know what I mean I agree with zach. You know what I mean I agree with zach you know what I mean I agree with zach. In that I don't in that I don't in that I don't for me if this allows generation of. For me if this allows generation of for me if this allows generation of limited editions which. Limited editions which limited editions which really is the kind of one to ten or one. Really is the kind of one to ten or one really is the kind of one to ten or one to a thousand the. To a thousand the to a thousand the the lovely thing about nfts is it's the lovely thing about nfts is it's. The lovely thing about nfts is it's empowering artists again empowering artists again. Empowering artists again you know art from pictures to music you know art from pictures to music. you know art from pictures to music and all sorts of creativity and all sorts of creativity. And all sorts of creativity I think when you combine nfts with smart I think when you combine nfts with smart. I think when you combine nfts with smart contracts contracts contracts we're going to see a wave back I mean if. We're going to see a wave back I mean if we're going to see a wave back I mean if. We had we had we had digitization came in you could copy and digitization came in you could copy and. Digitization came in you could copy and paste everything we saw paste everything we saw. Paste everything we saw file sharing if you look at the music file sharing if you look at the music. File sharing if you look at the music industry industry industry the only musicians you can see now. The only musicians you can see now the only musicians you can see now typically a huge artist because you make. Typically a huge artist because you make typically a huge artist because you make. All your money going on the road all your money going on the road all your money going on the road. I think with the nfts and smart I think with the nfts and smart I think with the nfts and smart. Contracts and the way that contracts and the way that contracts and the way that in which you can start to reward people. In which you can start to reward people in which you can start to reward people we can go back to the. We can go back to the we can go back to the old kind of cottage industry of old kind of cottage industry of. Old kind of cottage industry of someone's in their bedroom someone's in their bedroom. Someone's in their bedroom they're pumping out great tunes and they're pumping out great tunes and. They're pumping out great tunes and they're making great art and there's a they're making great art and there's a. They're making great art and there's a way of them having a revenue stream way of them having a revenue stream. Way of them having a revenue stream which respects them as an artist and which respects them as an artist and. Which respects them as an artist and they they don't need to be they they don't need to be. They they don't need to be you know going on the road I think that you know going on the road I think that. You know going on the road I think that will will will be really lovely to see because it's a. Be really lovely to see because it's a be really lovely to see because it's a kind of it's going back to. Kind of it's going back to kind of it's going back to the value of art before digitization. The value of art before digitization the value of art before digitization kind of took that away. Kind of took that away kind of took that away I would even take a step further and say. I would even take a step further and say I would even take a step further and say. Like like like you know the art stuff is really cool you know the art stuff is really cool. You know the art stuff is really cool from a perspective of the artists are from a perspective of the artists are. From a perspective of the artists are are basically the guinea pigs in this are basically the guinea pigs in this. Are basically the guinea pigs in this nft experiment they're out there and nft experiment they're out there and. Nft experiment they're out there and they're putting these pieces out they're putting these pieces out. They're putting these pieces out and they don't know what the like long and they don't know what the like long. And they don't know what the like long term how the format's gonna treat them term how the format's gonna treat them. Term how the format's gonna treat them like what they're gonna do like what they're gonna do. Like what they're gonna do but you know they're they're testing the but you know they're they're testing the. But you know they're they're testing the medium but like medium but like medium but like. They're there breaking grounds for I they're there breaking grounds for I they're there breaking grounds for i. Think things we talk about think things we talk about think things we talk about like there's projects in our ecosystem. Like there's projects in our ecosystem like there's projects in our ecosystem already that are thinking about like. Already that are thinking about like already that are thinking about like fractional analyzing things like real. Fractional analyzing things like real fractional analyzing things like real estate. Estate estate but if you're just like a normal like but if you're just like a normal like. But if you're just like a normal like person and you're buying like a home person and you're buying like a home. Person and you're buying like a home you currently have to go through you currently have to go through. You currently have to go through something like a title company something like a title company. Something like a title company and multiple parties and there's an and multiple parties and there's an. And multiple parties and there's an evolution in the future where nfts evolution in the future where nfts. Evolution in the future where nfts like an artist could create a like an artist could create a. Like an artist could create a a beautiful piece and it could be a beautiful piece and it could be. A beautiful piece and it could be basically the digital representation of basically the digital representation of. Basically the digital representation of the title the title the title for for a home so you could have thing. For for a home so you could have thing for for a home so you could have thing like. Like like other things represented as nfts like a other things represented as nfts like a. Other things represented as nfts like a home title or something like that home title or something like that. Home title or something like that it does end up circumventing like it does end up circumventing like. It does end up circumventing like processes right now that processes right now that. Processes right now that we have to have a title company because we have to have a title company because. We have to have a title company because the title company is the source of truth the title company is the source of truth. The title company is the source of truth for the owners like who owns the house for the owners like who owns the house. For the owners like who owns the house or who owes the title to the house or who owes the title to the house. Or who owes the title to the house but like nfts you know that that but like nfts you know that that. But like nfts you know that that that concept applies very nicely to to that concept applies very nicely to to. That concept applies very nicely to to that that that and I think the artists are breaking the. And I think the artists are breaking the and I think the artists are breaking the. Ground here but the digital ownership ground here but the digital ownership ground here but the digital ownership. Doesn't stop just with art doesn't stop just with art doesn't stop just with art and it doesn't just and I think fred's. And it doesn't just and I think fred's and it doesn't just and I think fred's take like. Take like take like yeah I think you guys are obviously yeah I think you guys are obviously. Yeah I think you guys are obviously pushing beyond just the art stuff pushing beyond just the art stuff. Pushing beyond just the art stuff here as well yeah I mean to me one of here as well yeah I mean to me one of. Here as well yeah I mean to me one of the the the the main use case as well of nfts and. The main use case as well of nfts and the main use case as well of nfts and basically being able to address the. Basically being able to address the basically being able to address the digital goods needs. Digital goods needs digital goods needs is the fact that if you look at the is the fact that if you look at the. Is the fact that if you look at the industry today you will see for industry today you will see for. Industry today you will see for example in the music industry example in the music industry. Example in the music industry spotify is a platform that controls most spotify is a platform that controls most. Spotify is a platform that controls most of the paycheck of all those artists of the paycheck of all those artists. Of the paycheck of all those artists and we have the same in the gaming and we have the same in the gaming. And we have the same in the gaming industry with the app store the play industry with the app store the play. Industry with the app store the play store store store and with this the availability of those. And with this the availability of those and with this the availability of those items. Items items outside of those platforms and on the outside of those platforms and on the. Outside of those platforms and on the centralized platforms on decentralized centralized platforms on decentralized. Centralized platforms on decentralized networks networks networks then we can really like break out from. Then we can really like break out from then we can really like break out from from this model. There was a I just wanted to add with there was a I just wanted to add with you know. You know you know as you break out from that model as you as you break out from that model as you. As you break out from that model as you look at things like look at things like . Look at things like you know land ownership I mean for me you know land ownership I mean for me. You know land ownership I mean for me I'm very interested in that aspect of I'm very interested in that aspect of. I'm very interested in that aspect of actually taking the digital certificate actually taking the digital certificate. Actually taking the digital certificate having it mapping on to physical objects having it mapping on to physical objects. Having it mapping on to physical objects I think there's a lot of potential there. I think there's a lot of potential there I think there's a lot of potential there. But I think when people say well but I think when people say well but I think when people say well. What's the point what's the point what's the point a really easy way of summarizing it is. A really easy way of summarizing it is a really easy way of summarizing it is you look at something like. You look at something like you look at something like fake degrees any of us can go out on the. Fake degrees any of us can go out on the fake degrees any of us can go out on the. Internet we can we can go and grab a internet we can we can go and grab a internet we can we can go and grab a. Fake degree of of whatever fake degree of of whatever fake degree of of whatever and you know it's not the biggest. And you know it's not the biggest and you know it's not the biggest problem we have in the world but. Problem we have in the world but problem we have in the world but in terms of fixing that problem with a. In terms of fixing that problem with a in terms of fixing that problem with a nft. Nft nft which is you know simply tied to which is you know simply tied to which is you know simply tied to. Someone's domain with a someone's domain with a someone's domain with a tamil file with an issue you know an. Tamil file with an issue you know an tamil file with an issue you know an asset that's being issued. Asset that's being issued asset that's being issued now you've got your nft certificate. Now you've got your nft certificate now you've got your nft certificate it's very you know and it's. it's very you know and it's it's very you know and it's you know you've got a degree . you know you've got a degree you know you've got a degree that tumble file can be at harvard or. That tumble file can be at harvard or that tumble file can be at harvard or whatever the education institute is. Whatever the education institute is whatever the education institute is you've got a you've got a yeah two. You've got a you've got a yeah two you've got a you've got a yeah two second check. Second check second check and the the other bit that I think can and the the other bit that I think can. And the the other bit that I think can become interesting is that can become become interesting is that can become. Become interesting is that can become automated automated automated background checks just get automated. background checks just get automated background checks just get automated no one needs to actually go and have a. No one needs to actually go and have a no one needs to actually go and have a look at anything. Look at anything look at anything and you could extend that further into a and you could extend that further into a. And you could extend that further into a personality test so personality test so personality test so. If you want to apply for a job I if you want to apply for a job I if you want to apply for a job i. Complete some personality tests I'm complete some personality tests I'm complete some personality tests I'm. Quite happy to quite happy to quite happy to open that up for someone to look at so. Open that up for someone to look at so open that up for someone to look at so I'm sending. I'm sending I'm sending nfts which is you know here's proof of nfts which is you know here's proof of. Nfts which is you know here's proof of my degree my degree my degree here's some personality insights to see. Here's some personality insights to see here's some personality insights to see if I'm right for the team. If I'm right for the team if I'm right for the team there's various other kind of digital . There's various other kind of digital there's various other kind of digital . Aspects of my personality aspects of my personality aspects of my personality I could be putting forward and then you. I could be putting forward and then you I could be putting forward and then you know you you almost start to get rid of. Know you you almost start to get rid of know you you almost start to get rid of hr. Hr hr and recruiting departments as that and recruiting departments as that and recruiting departments as that. Automates loads of systems there and it automates loads of systems there and it automates loads of systems there and it. It's not the biggest problem in the it's not the biggest problem in the it's not the biggest problem in the. World but I think it's a world but I think it's a world but I think it's a I think there's interesting models of. I think there's interesting models of I think there's interesting models of using nfts in that type of way. Using nfts in that type of way using nfts in that type of way yeah it's something that's been. Yeah it's something that's been yeah it's something that's been interesting even on . Interesting even on interesting even on Stellar quest because we we have these. Stellar quest because we we have these Stellar quest because we we have these different challenges that people do and. Different challenges that people do and different challenges that people do and they. They they earn badges and it'll be it'll be earn badges and it'll be it'll be. Earn badges and it'll be it'll be neat like neat like neat like you don't get those badges unless you've. You don't get those badges unless you've you don't get those badges unless you've. Completed the challenges and so completed the challenges and so completed the challenges and so. Having those badges in a wallet that you having those badges in a wallet that you. Having those badges in a wallet that you can verifiably prove that you have can verifiably prove that you have. Can verifiably prove that you have ownership over ownership over ownership over is a stamp of i've gone through Stellar. Is a stamp of i've gone through Stellar is a stamp of i've gone through Stellar quest series one or Stellar quest series. Quest series one or Stellar quest series quest series one or Stellar quest series. Two and two and two and that that that means that I know that that that means that I know. that that that means that I know something about Stellar because I can't something about Stellar because I can't. Something about Stellar because I can't get these badges any other way get these badges any other way. Get these badges any other way that's that's really neat and so the that's that's really neat and so the. that's that's really neat and so the nft is a vehicle nft is a vehicle nft is a vehicle. for for trust or a vehicle for for for trust or a vehicle for for for trust or a vehicle for . Assurance for an employer to say okay assurance for an employer to say okay assurance for an employer to say okay. Well we need somebody who knows Stellar well we need somebody who knows Stellar well we need somebody who knows Stellar. I hope they I hope they do oh look I can I hope they I hope they do oh look I can. I hope they I hope they do oh look I can as long as you can prove ownership over as long as you can prove ownership over. As long as you can prove ownership over this account that you say you own this account that you say you own. This account that you say you own I can have some level of assurance and I can have some level of assurance and. I can have some level of assurance and seeing that model moved out where nfts seeing that model moved out where nfts. Seeing that model moved out where nfts are a vehicle rather than are a vehicle rather than. Are a vehicle rather than only a piece of art or something that only a piece of art or something that. Only a piece of art or something that you you you you you you own is as the item itself but more. Own is as the item itself but more own is as the item itself but more vehicle towards something else is kind. Vehicle towards something else is kind vehicle towards something else is kind of cool. Of cool of cool so that was that was kind of our our so that was that was kind of our our. so that was that was kind of our our initial introduction to what nfts are initial introduction to what nfts are. Initial introduction to what nfts are and how they're being used and how they're being used. And how they're being used a bit in the real world today and I a bit in the real world today and i. A bit in the real world today and I think we've already touched on it a bit think we've already touched on it a bit. Think we've already touched on it a bit but if we could transition slightly but if we could transition slightly . But if we could transition slightly to there's so much hype and and buzz to there's so much hype and and buzz. To there's so much hype and and buzz and noise around nfts if we boil some of and noise around nfts if we boil some of. And noise around nfts if we boil some of that away that away that away for you all personally what what do you. For you all personally what what do you for you all personally what what do you see the value of nfts. See the value of nfts see the value of nfts for the for the spheres in the realms. for the for the spheres in the realms for the for the spheres in the realms. You're in we've already started touching you're in we've already started touching. You're in we've already started touching a little bit those a little bit those a little bit those. Those begin to show themselves in like those begin to show themselves in like those begin to show themselves in like. Product use cases and product use cases and product use cases and the things that you all are building . The things that you all are building the things that you all are building but if you can touch on those. But if you can touch on those but if you can touch on those a bit more in depth of what if you if. a bit more in depth of what if you if a bit more in depth of what if you if. You scrape away the you scrape away the you scrape away the the noise what do you think will be left. The noise what do you think will be left the noise what do you think will be left. From from from from nfts in in five or six years from nfts in in five or six years. From nfts in in five or six years maybe steve if you want to take that maybe steve if you want to take that. maybe steve if you want to take that one first well in five six years well in five six years. We will definitely be collecting nfts we will definitely be collecting nfts we will definitely be collecting nfts. Because I think as humans we just love because I think as humans we just love because I think as humans we just love. Collecting stuff so that you know that collecting stuff so that you know that collecting stuff so that you know that. The collectible aspect and you know the the collectible aspect and you know the the collectible aspect and you know the. Getting away from the ridiculousness of getting away from the ridiculousness of getting away from the ridiculousness of. Buying pixels for buying pixels for buying pixels for for millions of dollars there's gonna. For millions of dollars there's gonna for millions of dollars there's gonna. Be be be a steady state of very happy adults and a steady state of very happy adults and. A steady state of very happy adults and school kids school kids school kids collecting lots of interesting stuff. Collecting lots of interesting stuff collecting lots of interesting stuff because we just love doing it so I mean. Because we just love doing it so I mean because we just love doing it so I mean that. That that you know that that's great there's you know that that's great there's. You know that that's great there's there's that there's that there's that certification aspect which I think is. Certification aspect which I think is certification aspect which I think is personally I find that. Personally I find that personally I find that interesting I think it can solve a lot. Interesting I think it can solve a lot interesting I think it can solve a lot of problems if you. Of problems if you of problems if you if you expand that certification concept if you expand that certification concept. If you expand that certification concept in terms of in terms of in terms of who is doing what who you know who's. Who is doing what who you know who's who is doing what who you know who's doing what which can be at an. Doing what which can be at an doing what which can be at an individual level it can be a. Individual level it can be a individual level it can be a organizational level organizational level. Organizational level I think if you look at Stellar I think if you look at Stellar . I think if you look at Stellar or any blockchain similar to Stellar in or any blockchain similar to Stellar in. Or any blockchain similar to Stellar in that mission which is get the finances that mission which is get the finances. That mission which is get the finances through through through get you know get finance financial. Get you know get finance financial get you know get finance financial fluidity globally. Fluidity globally fluidity globally that's that's one problem you solve the that's that's one problem you solve the. That's that's one problem you solve the next problem is next problem is next problem is. Is it going to the right person one of is it going to the right person one of is it going to the right person one of. The key issues that we have is the key issues that we have is the key issues that we have is. Finances finances being misdirected I finances finances being misdirected I finances finances being misdirected i. Think if you combine the certification think if you combine the certification think if you combine the certification. You can start to direct finances in the you can start to direct finances in the you can start to direct finances in the. Right way because you can start to get right way because you can start to get right way because you can start to get. It through depending on particular it through depending on particular it through depending on particular. Certification and deciding that that's certification and deciding that that's certification and deciding that that's. Going to be the way that you going to be the way that you going to be the way that you. Would send finances through so I think would send finances through so I think would send finances through so I think. Reputation and building reputation reputation and building reputation reputation and building reputation. certification can work in all sorts certification can work in all sorts certification can work in all sorts. Of ways that tie and automate of ways that tie and automate of ways that tie and automate. Financial distribution I think financial distribution I think financial distribution I think. The the other bit that the the other bit that the the other bit that I hope will be something we see in. I hope will be something we see in I hope will be something we see in four five six years and it's certainly. Four five six years and it's certainly four five six years and it's certainly an area that I'm interested. An area that I'm interested an area that I'm interested in personally is that in personally is that. In personally is that if we look at the key issues we face if we look at the key issues we face. If we look at the key issues we face globally the incentive schemes don't globally the incentive schemes don't. globally the incentive schemes don't work work work and I remember a friend talking to me a. And I remember a friend talking to me a and I remember a friend talking to me a couple of years ago. Couple of years ago couple of years ago talking about you know natural assets talking about you know natural assets. Talking about you know natural assets how can you take national how can you take national. How can you take national natural assets and convert them into natural assets and convert them into. Natural assets and convert them into investment propositions investment propositions. Investment propositions if you could if we accept that human if you could if we accept that human. If you could if we accept that human greed is is typically what drives things greed is is typically what drives things. Greed is is typically what drives things then could you harness natural assets in. Then could you harness natural assets in then could you harness natural assets in. A way and turn them into investment a way and turn them into investment a way and turn them into investment. Vehicles vehicles vehicles where they give financial roi where they give financial roi. Where they give financial roi and there's then a desire to protect and there's then a desire to protect. And there's then a desire to protect there's a desire to there's a desire to there's a desire to. You know whether it's you know you know whether it's you know you know whether it's you know. Reforestation whatever it happens to be reforestation whatever it happens to be reforestation whatever it happens to be. Now if you take the nft and you can now if you take the nft and you can now if you take the nft and you can. Track that track that track that you can use that to track physical you can use that to track physical. You can use that to track physical assets assets assets natural assets you can then have. Natural assets you can then have natural assets you can then have investments into. Investments into investments into say forestry there's a say forestry there's a say forestry there's a. The potential of you know as you as you the potential of you know as you as you the potential of you know as you as you. Purchase younger trees if there's purchase younger trees if there's purchase younger trees if there's. Evidence that they're growing that asset evidence that they're growing that asset. Evidence that they're growing that asset goes up in value goes up in value goes up in value. Naturally over time and if you're using naturally over time and if you're using naturally over time and if you're using. It as an nft which is tradable it as an nft which is tradable it as an nft which is tradable. you have a natural asset which people you have a natural asset which people. you have a natural asset which people can be trading and I think can be trading and I think. Can be trading and I think it's a it's an idea which I think if you it's a it's an idea which I think if you. It's a it's an idea which I think if you get the economics right you could get the economics right you could. Get the economics right you could go out and start to solve some of these go out and start to solve some of these. Go out and start to solve some of these problems because a lot of the problems problems because a lot of the problems. Problems because a lot of the problems we have are just because the incentive we have are just because the incentive. We have are just because the incentive schemes are totally wrong schemes are totally wrong. Schemes are totally wrong so I'm hoping that there's potential so I'm hoping that there's potential. So I'm hoping that there's potential there long term for nfts in terms of there long term for nfts in terms of. There long term for nfts in terms of natural asset investment yeah natural asset investment yeah. Natural asset investment yeah fantastic I echo a lot of those fantastic I echo a lot of those. Fantastic I echo a lot of those sentiments personally myself sentiments personally myself. Sentiments personally myself fred how about you yeah so I mean there's a thing that says. Yeah so I mean there's a thing that says there's no bad publicity right but there's no bad publicity right but . There's no bad publicity right but so I think somehow these stunts are also so I think somehow these stunts are also. So I think somehow these stunts are also they are not the ultimate use case for they are not the ultimate use case for. They are not the ultimate use case for nfts nfts nfts but you know we we can't stop the. but you know we we can't stop the but you know we we can't stop the excitement. Excitement excitement of of this part of the human nature of of this part of the human nature. Of of this part of the human nature and then also and then also and then also you know nfts as a as a much. you know nfts as a as a much you know nfts as a as a much wider appeal to mainstream than. Wider appeal to mainstream than wider appeal to mainstream than cryptocurrencies for example so I think. Cryptocurrencies for example so I think cryptocurrencies for example so I think all this is part of it we need to be. All this is part of it we need to be all this is part of it we need to be careful. Careful careful to not engage into too much to not engage into too much to not engage into too much. Destructive reckless behavior destructive reckless behavior destructive reckless behavior. But I think somehow there's also good but I think somehow there's also good. But I think somehow there's also good side side side into this this kind of hype and. Into this this kind of hype and into this this kind of hype and excitement excitement. Excitement around nfgs so yeah definitely not around nfgs so yeah definitely not. Around nfgs so yeah definitely not everyone is gonna sell everyone is gonna sell. Everyone is gonna sell the first five thousand days for 69 the first five thousand days for 69. the first five thousand days for 69 million million million and that's definitely not the use case. And that's definitely not the use case and that's definitely not the use case but so the way I see. But so the way I see but so the way I see nfts in the that contributing to to a. Nfts in the that contributing to to a nfts in the that contributing to to a. Better world is better world is better world is is essentially being able to to power. Is essentially being able to to power is essentially being able to to power. decentralized world right that's what decentralized world right that's what. decentralized world right that's what I was saying just before I was saying just before. I was saying just before the the ability to to disengage the the ability to to disengage. The the ability to to disengage completely from those platforms completely from those platforms. Completely from those platforms because currently let's say you are a because currently let's say you are a. Because currently let's say you are a game developer game developer game developer. The only opportunity for we for for the only opportunity for we for for the only opportunity for we for for. For you to to sell nfts for you to to sell nfts for you to to sell nfts or sell in-app purchases is to go on the. Or sell in-app purchases is to go on the or sell in-app purchases is to go on the. App store on the play store on steam app store on the play store on steam app store on the play store on steam. On all those centralized places which on all those centralized places which . On all those centralized places which somehow they impose their rules and we somehow they impose their rules and we. Somehow they impose their rules and we saw for example with the saw for example with the. Saw for example with the games like fortnight what happened games like fortnight what happened. Games like fortnight what happened when the store suddenly when the store suddenly. When the store suddenly decides to put you out and same decides to put you out and same. Decides to put you out and same for the for the for the for for the music industry so basically. For for the music industry so basically for for the music industry so basically that's the way I see nft is. That's the way I see nft is that's the way I see nft is powering a decentralized world of. Powering a decentralized world of powering a decentralized world of tomorrow yeah zach I mean I was just going to say. Yeah zach I mean I was just going to say like I'm going to take fred's thing like I'm going to take fred's thing. Like I'm going to take fred's thing and what steve says and then I'm going and what steve says and then I'm going. And what steve says and then I'm going to say you said did not hype to say you said did not hype. To say you said did not hype but I feel like this is going to come but I feel like this is going to come. but I feel like this is going to come off feeling a little bit like hype off feeling a little bit like hype. Off feeling a little bit like hype so the current like situation obviously so the current like situation obviously. So the current like situation obviously all this like all this like all this like. The the art trade stuff there's a really the the art trade stuff there's a really. The the art trade stuff there's a really unique thing happening where you're unique thing happening where you're. Unique thing happening where you're seeing seeing seeing like boutique shops now open up that are. Like boutique shops now open up that are like boutique shops now open up that are. Like like like going to they're like labels I would say going to they're like labels I would say. Going to they're like labels I would say if you look at music industry or like if you look at music industry or like. If you look at music industry or like art world or they're like an art world or they're like an. Art world or they're like an agent where they are going out and agent where they are going out and. Agent where they are going out and seeking people and they're like trying seeking people and they're like trying. Seeking people and they're like trying to set them up to set them up to set them up. With like an nft strategy for releasing with like an nft strategy for releasing with like an nft strategy for releasing. Their stuff their stuff their stuff and that's going to go away at some and that's going to go away at some. And that's going to go away at some point there will always be boutique point there will always be boutique. Point there will always be boutique stuff but like stuff but like stuff but like right now that's where the opportunity. Right now that's where the opportunity right now that's where the opportunity is but as people figure out like the. Is but as people figure out like the is but as people figure out like the strategies for this themselves it will. Strategies for this themselves it will strategies for this themselves it will grow. Grow grow and I think you know what I was writing and I think you know what I was writing. And I think you know what I was writing about a lot back in 2016 and 2017 was about a lot back in 2016 and 2017 was. About a lot back in 2016 and 2017 was like where are we going to go as far as like where are we going to go as far as. Like where are we going to go as far as like working in the future I wasn't like working in the future I wasn't. Like working in the future I wasn't expecting like pandemics and stuff but expecting like pandemics and stuff but. Expecting like pandemics and stuff but like we have this everybody virtually like we have this everybody virtually. Like we have this everybody virtually now has introduced the internet because now has introduced the internet because. Now has introduced the internet because everybody was at home for a year everybody was at home for a year. Everybody was at home for a year and so you know offices may not and so you know offices may not. And so you know offices may not necessarily be the same kind of thing so necessarily be the same kind of thing so. Necessarily be the same kind of thing so you can have virtual neighborhoods you you can have virtual neighborhoods you. You can have virtual neighborhoods you can have virtual workspaces you can have can have virtual workspaces you can have. Can have virtual workspaces you can have like this weird match between virtual like this weird match between virtual. Like this weird match between virtual reality and augmented reality you need reality and augmented reality you need. Reality and augmented reality you need to still have to still have to still have traditional things like like people. Traditional things like like people traditional things like like people still will live in houses people will. Still will live in houses people will still will live in houses people will still own cars there will still be. Still own cars there will still be still own cars there will still be like things that need to be bridged from. Like things that need to be bridged from like things that need to be bridged from. The traditional world into this world the traditional world into this world the traditional world into this world. But like I think what i've seen happen but like I think what i've seen happen but like I think what i've seen happen. And even going back to fortnite like and even going back to fortnite like and even going back to fortnite like. Yesterday I think epic yesterday I think epic yesterday I think epic announced that they had gotten a billion. Announced that they had gotten a billion announced that they had gotten a billion. Dollars in funding for dollars in funding for dollars in funding for something called the metaverse which is. Something called the metaverse which is something called the metaverse which is going to be like brand disney world i. Going to be like brand disney world I going to be like brand disney world I guess like vr. Guess like vr guess like vr brand disney world it'll be like ready brand disney world it'll be like ready. Brand disney world it'll be like ready player one I see those kind of player one I see those kind of. Player one I see those kind of environments growing environments growing environments growing. Second life is a great best bet second life is a great best bet second life is a great best bet. Experiment for virtual real estate experiment for virtual real estate experiment for virtual real estate. Like they're all this stuff to fred's like they're all this stuff to fred's like they're all this stuff to fred's. Point about like point about like point about like decentralized world like that will come. Decentralized world like that will come decentralized world like that will come it may not come in the next year and it. It may not come in the next year and it it may not come in the next year and it may not come out of this immediate cycle. May not come out of this immediate cycle may not come out of this immediate cycle. But people like are are definitely but people like are are definitely but people like are are definitely. I think thinking about where to get to I think thinking about where to get to I think thinking about where to get to. That point that point that point and what that means like am I going to and what that means like am I going to. And what that means like am I going to be here in 25 years is this a five year be here in 25 years is this a five year. Be here in 25 years is this a five year thing a 25-year thing like thing a 25-year thing like. Thing a 25-year thing like how long will it take for adoption and how long will it take for adoption and. How long will it take for adoption and what steps are required to make it what steps are required to make it. What steps are required to make it easier but I think there's just easier but I think there's just. Easier but I think there's just infinite applications it just depends infinite applications it just depends. Infinite applications it just depends on how on how on how digital we decide to get as . Digital we decide to get as digital we decide to get as as a people yeah it's just to comment on that this. Yeah it's just to comment on that this is is is going off piste a little bit so pull me. Going off piste a little bit so pull me going off piste a little bit so pull me back if it's gone going too far but. Back if it's gone going too far but back if it's gone going too far but I think I think there's when you look. I think I think there's when you look I think I think there's when you look. At collaborative currencies at collaborative currencies at collaborative currencies. if you look at collaborative if you look at collaborative if you look at collaborative. Currencies which then complement a currencies which then complement a currencies which then complement a. Traditional currency so you have traditional currency so you have traditional currency so you have. Communities that can use a currency communities that can use a currency communities that can use a currency. Between each other between each other between each other then again in my brain I see. Then again in my brain I see then again in my brain I see I always see the nft with a smart. I always see the nft with a smart I always see the nft with a smart contract and being connected with some. Contract and being connected with some contract and being connected with some sort of inputs. Sort of inputs sort of inputs the outputs can be certificates in the outputs can be certificates in. The outputs can be certificates in the form of nfts and the form of nfts and the form of nfts and. If you look at a collaborative currency if you look at a collaborative currency if you look at a collaborative currency. Where communities are working together where communities are working together where communities are working together. And you're looking at reputation and and you're looking at reputation and and you're looking at reputation and. Understanding trust between the understanding trust between the understanding trust between the. Different stakeholders within the different stakeholders within the different stakeholders within the. Community community community then I think nfts can come in there if then I think nfts can come in there if. Then I think nfts can come in there if you look at that kind of you look at that kind of. You look at that kind of absolutely digital future absolutely digital future . Absolutely digital future decentralized future decentralized future decentralized future. Then you know how do you how do you then you know how do you how do you then you know how do you how do you. Automate automate automate reputation and and understanding the reputation and and understanding the. Reputation and and understanding the different players within that community different players within that community. Different players within that community I have a another thing that kind of goes I have a another thing that kind of goes. I have a another thing that kind of goes off of that that i've been off of that that i've been. Off of that that i've been chewing on recently and that's on chewing on recently and that's on. Chewing on recently and that's on legality of nfd stuff and ownership like legality of nfd stuff and ownership like. Legality of nfd stuff and ownership like what when what when what when I'm purchasing an nfc now what does that. I'm purchasing an nfc now what does that I'm purchasing an nfc now what does that. Actually guarantee me as far as rights actually guarantee me as far as rights actually guarantee me as far as rights. I know you know if platform developers I know you know if platform developers I know you know if platform developers. Have to consider copyright have to consider copyright have to consider copyright and like cease and desist and you have. And like cease and desist and you have and like cease and desist and you have to there will be tools to hide things. To there will be tools to hide things to there will be tools to hide things from platforms. From platforms from platforms platforms that allow you to mint platforms that allow you to mint. platforms that allow you to mint through them obviously will have terms through them obviously will have terms. Through them obviously will have terms of service that are like of service that are like. Of service that are like hey you can't do these things but hey you can't do these things but. Hey you can't do these things but because of how because of how because of how their these assets are represented on. Their these assets are represented on their these assets are represented on chain like. Chain like chain like just removing them from a platform just removing them from a platform. Just removing them from a platform doesn't remove them from existence doesn't remove them from existence. Doesn't remove them from existence and so I I'm wondering if there will be and so I I'm wondering if there will be. And so I I'm wondering if there will be a big giant lawsuit one day where you a big giant lawsuit one day where you. A big giant lawsuit one day where you have all these collectors have all these collectors. Have all these collectors basically suing for rights to use art basically suing for rights to use art. Basically suing for rights to use art that they've purchased that they've purchased. That they've purchased and or vice versa and what those and or vice versa and what those. And or vice versa and what those actually guarantee and I'm curious if actually guarantee and I'm curious if. Actually guarantee and I'm curious if like like like there's a whole industry for like terms. There's a whole industry for like terms there's a whole industry for like terms of service that may need to come out of. Of service that may need to come out of of service that may need to come out of this. This this like like what I suspect there will be a like like what I suspect there will be a. Like like what I suspect there will be a court case that resolves that if you put. Court case that resolves that if you put court case that resolves that if you put. The terms as a service on your nft the terms as a service on your nft the terms as a service on your nft. Itself when you mint it then that will itself when you mint it then that will itself when you mint it then that will. Be the legal be the legal be the legal grounds but anything done without that I grounds but anything done without that i. Grounds but anything done without that I feel like is going to feel like is going to. Feel like is going to have a bad time but I don't know what do have a bad time but I don't know what do. Have a bad time but I don't know what do you guys think as far as like what you guys think as far as like what. You guys think as far as like what what does owning an nft guarantee you what does owning an nft guarantee you. What does owning an nft guarantee you fred I think fred I think fred I think for steve or tyler. For steve or tyler for steve or tyler that's definitely something that for that's definitely something that for. That's definitely something that for example in the ethereum world they example in the ethereum world they. Example in the ethereum world they started to work on that started to work on that. Started to work on that you can see dapper labs I think you can see dapper labs I think . You can see dapper labs I think they started to specify they started to specify. They started to specify a license called the nft license you a license called the nft license you. A license called the nft license you can you can read it on nft license.org I can you can read it on nft license.org i. Can you can read it on nft license.org I think think think and it specifies a lot of things about. And it specifies a lot of things about and it specifies a lot of things about this but yeah that's definitely a rule. This but yeah that's definitely a rule this but yeah that's definitely a rule that. That that nfts cannot address with the address nfts cannot address with the address. Nfts cannot address with the address ownership they don't address the ownership they don't address the. Ownership they don't address the copyright copyright copyright and you can obviously have a lot of. And you can obviously have a lot of and you can obviously have a lot of votes they're. Votes they're votes they're    difficult to to address the difficult to to address the. Difficult to to address the question to the group what's the question to the group what's the. Question to the group what's the situation with gdp situation with gdp situation with gdp. Gdpr blockchain nfts because gdpr blockchain nfts because gdpr blockchain nfts because. If you're let's say a blockchain if you're let's say a blockchain if you're let's say a blockchain. Provider and someone decides to put provider and someone decides to put provider and someone decides to put. Personal identification information personal identification information personal identification information. And Stellar would be in the memo field and Stellar would be in the memo field and Stellar would be in the memo field. What happens whereas the what happens whereas the what happens whereas the where's the blame where's the right to. Where's the blame where's the right to where's the blame where's the right to be forgotten exercise. Be forgotten exercise be forgotten exercise that must have come up in conversation. That must have come up in conversation that must have come up in conversation I'm I'm just intrigued to know. I'm I'm just intrigued to know I'm I'm just intrigued to know   . well fred do you want to tackle it well fred do you want to tackle it well fred do you want to tackle it. Or I'm not I'm not expert on that yeah or I'm not I'm not expert on that yeah or I'm not I'm not expert on that yeah. So so so yeah I'm not legal I'm not a legal yeah I'm not legal I'm not a legal yeah I'm not legal I'm not a legal. Counsel or anything like that so I don't counsel or anything like that so I don't. Counsel or anything like that so I don't know if I necessarily have know if I necessarily have. Know if I necessarily have have the greatest answer for you but I have the greatest answer for you but i. Have the greatest answer for you but I think think think you know something like we maintain like. You know something like we maintain like you know something like we maintain like. In through a service that in through a service that in through a service that may be something like mailchimp or like. May be something like mailchimp or like may be something like mailchimp or like emma or whatever like some digital. Emma or whatever like some digital emma or whatever like some digital database of. Database of database of things that's easy to go into and remove things that's easy to go into and remove. Things that's easy to go into and remove because there's because there's because there's. Personal information identified with the personal information identified with the. Personal information identified with the service that service that service that has those tools but with a decent just. Has those tools but with a decent just has those tools but with a decent just distributed network like. Distributed network like distributed network like like bitcoin or like ethereum or even. Like bitcoin or like ethereum or even like bitcoin or like ethereum or even Stellar like. Stellar like Stellar like what's on the network part of using it what's on the network part of using it. What's on the network part of using it like like like is you understand that that's what. Is you understand that that's what is you understand that that's what happened there's no it's immutable. Happened there's no it's immutable happened there's no it's immutable right so you're not like you can't undo. Right so you're not like you can't undo right so you're not like you can't undo this stuff. This stuff this stuff so I don't I don't know I mean I feel so I don't I don't know I mean I feel. so I don't I don't know I mean I feel like that's probably a whole different like that's probably a whole different. Like that's probably a whole different conversation of like what happens when conversation of like what happens when. Conversation of like what happens when personal data is on the blockchain personal data is on the blockchain. Personal data is on the blockchain about kyc aml stuff to roll into it's about kyc aml stuff to roll into it's. about kyc aml stuff to roll into it's a big question a big question a big question. I don't know I don't have an answer I don't know I don't have an answer I don't know I don't have an answer i. Think it's pretty think it's pretty think it's pretty yeah for sure I mean so much of the the. Yeah for sure I mean so much of the the yeah for sure I mean so much of the the liability there is. Liability there is liability there is on the entity that that put that data on the entity that that put that data. On the entity that that put that data there but because there but because there but because. I mean the the assumption is or the the I mean the the assumption is or the the I mean the the assumption is or the the. Way these laws have been written is the way these laws have been written is the way these laws have been written is the. Assumption that if you put it there you assumption that if you put it there you assumption that if you put it there you. Can also take it off and so can also take it off and so can also take it off and so. The laws revolve around take it off you the laws revolve around take it off you the laws revolve around take it off you. Know remove it delete it but when that know remove it delete it but when that know remove it delete it but when that. When that assumption is no longer true when that assumption is no longer true when that assumption is no longer true. You're going to need different rules you're going to need different rules you're going to need different rules. and I don't know what those are going and I don't know what those are going. and I don't know what those are going to be other than I think it's probably to be other than I think it's probably. To be other than I think it's probably going to boil down to going to boil down to. Going to boil down to you need to be really careful what you you need to be really careful what you. You need to be really careful what you put on a blockchain and that there's put on a blockchain and that there's. Put on a blockchain and that there's liability for you liability for you liability for you. As as someone having access to the as as someone having access to the as as someone having access to the. Blockchain particularly blockchain particularly blockchain particularly less around tools like Stellar which. Less around tools like Stellar which less around tools like Stellar which aren't designed for. Aren't designed for aren't designed for arbitrary data storage you can put arbitrary data storage you can put. Arbitrary data storage you can put arbitrary data on there but it's not arbitrary data on there but it's not. Arbitrary data on there but it's not designed for that but I would that my designed for that but I would that my. Designed for that but I would that my concern is more around things like concern is more around things like. Concern is more around things like ipfs and filecoin and ipfs and filecoin and ipfs and filecoin and. Our weave and these these blockchains our weave and these these blockchains our weave and these these blockchains. That are specifically designed for that are specifically designed for that are specifically designed for. Arbitrary data storage arbitrary data storage arbitrary data storage that becomes more that becomes a. that becomes more that becomes a that becomes more that becomes a bigger issue where. Bigger issue where bigger issue where your purpose is to store arbitrary data your purpose is to store arbitrary data. Your purpose is to store arbitrary data and so the assumption will be I'm going and so the assumption will be I'm going. And so the assumption will be I'm going to use this instead of my database to use this instead of my database. To use this instead of my database but if you don't understand what you're but if you don't understand what you're. But if you don't understand what you're putting on there is immutable putting on there is immutable. Putting on there is immutable you might end up in trouble yeah you you might end up in trouble yeah you. you might end up in trouble yeah you know what know what know what it leads me to believe though like i. It leads me to believe though like I it leads me to believe though like I feel like any. Feel like any feel like any like based on no precedent or like court like based on no precedent or like court. Like based on no precedent or like court cases I can't pull anything up I'm just cases I can't pull anything up I'm just. Cases I can't pull anything up I'm just pulling this out of thin air but I feel pulling this out of thin air but I feel. Pulling this out of thin air but I feel like with you know with the internet like with you know with the internet. Like with you know with the internet everybody's just using browsers to everybody's just using browsers to. Everybody's just using browsers to interpret like things like you can have interpret like things like you can have. Interpret like things like you can have a hardcore user that like a hardcore user that like. A hardcore user that like that's you know doing it through I don't that's you know doing it through I don't. That's you know doing it through I don't know them know them know them like like they like how david uses the. Like like they like how david uses the like like they like how david uses the internet I think is the best way. Internet I think is the best way internet I think is the best way but like you can also and and that's. but like you can also and and that's but like you can also and and that's gonna be very specialized and people are. Gonna be very specialized and people are gonna be very specialized and people are. Aware that like there's a dark net as aware that like there's a dark net as aware that like there's a dark net as. Well like there's a well like there's a well like there's a or you can use onion like routers like. Or you can use onion like routers like or you can use onion like routers like whatever like but that's not the primary. Whatever like but that's not the primary whatever like but that's not the primary. Use use use so my assumption would be just like any so my assumption would be just like any. So my assumption would be just like any platform it if a primary platform it if a primary. Platform it if a primary way to display this information like way to display this information like. Way to display this information like foreign is a great example because nfp foreign is a great example because nfp. Foreign is a great example because nfp like like like let's say an ethereum one that's just a. Let's say an ethereum one that's just a let's say an ethereum one that's just a smart contract there's not. Smart contract there's not smart contract there's not an image associated with that there's. An image associated with that there's an image associated with that there's not you have to like. Not you have to like not you have to like interpret that through whatever thing interpret that through whatever thing. Interpret that through whatever thing and and like called ipfs so you're and and like called ipfs so you're. And and like called ipfs so you're viewing it in a viewer or something like viewing it in a viewer or something like. Viewing it in a viewer or something like that that that most people you know if they can't see. Most people you know if they can't see most people you know if they can't see that or they can't view it they're never. That or they can't view it they're never that or they can't view it they're never. Going to see it so I feel like that's going to see it so I feel like that's going to see it so I feel like that's. Good enough good enough good enough as long as it's for a majority I mean I as long as it's for a majority I mean i. As long as it's for a majority I mean I don't think that's don't think that's don't think that's. Going to settle a court case you know going to settle a court case you know going to settle a court case you know. Saying oh that's good enough they can't saying oh that's good enough they can't saying oh that's good enough they can't. See it but I think see it but I think see it but I think you know that's kind of how the. You know that's kind of how the you know that's kind of how the internet's treated currently like you. Internet's treated currently like you internet's treated currently like you know what's. Know what's know what's you know as a user on the internet what you know as a user on the internet what. You know as a user on the internet what acceptable use is acceptable use is acceptable use is. To some degree I feel like maybe not to some degree I feel like maybe not to some degree I feel like maybe not. Maybe that's maybe that's maybe that's a wrong interpretation yeah it'll be it'll be interesting for. Yeah it'll be it'll be interesting for sure to see and that that to me is one sure to see and that that to me is one. Sure to see and that that to me is one of the biggest of the biggest of the biggest. Outlying I wonder so for example the nft license that so for example the nft license that. Has been specified by has been specified by has been specified by by depot labs so they say that we can. by depot labs so they say that we can by depot labs so they say that we can. Take take take an nft on a marketplace as long as we an nft on a marketplace as long as we. An nft on a marketplace as long as we can prove the ownership can prove the ownership. Can prove the ownership that the ownership is is proper that the ownership is is proper. that the ownership is is proper before putting it on the marketplace so before putting it on the marketplace so. Before putting it on the marketplace so I think the marketplace will have to I think the marketplace will have to. I think the marketplace will have to do a lot of things in order to to to do a lot of things in order to to to. Do a lot of things in order to to to prevent prevent prevent being being under all sorts of things. Being being under all sorts of things being being under all sorts of things like that. When when you look at the future I mean when when you look at the future I mean you're going again going back to. You're going again going back to you're going again going back to you know zach said about that digitized. You know zach said about that digitized you know zach said about that digitized future when it will happen of course. Future when it will happen of course future when it will happen of course the the lovely thing is when a system is. The the lovely thing is when a system is the the lovely thing is when a system is. In is invented which is in is invented which is in is invented which is what we have with with blockchain where. What we have with with blockchain where what we have with with blockchain where it's released and it can't be stopped. It's released and it can't be stopped it's released and it can't be stopped so with nfts I suppose there's that same. So with nfts I suppose there's that same so with nfts I suppose there's that same. Question which is and and tyler you were question which is and and tyler you were. Question which is and and tyler you were talking about you know talking about you know. Talking about you know true decentralization of nfts the other true decentralization of nfts the other. True decentralization of nfts the other day you know how did you how did you get day you know how did you how did you get. Day you know how did you how did you get to that state now you have to that state now you have. To that state now you have you have these and we perhaps should you have these and we perhaps should. You have these and we perhaps should talk about this which is you do have talk about this which is you do have. talk about this which is you do have that you're talking about your that you're talking about your. That you're talking about your description was you're looking through a description was you're looking through a. Description was you're looking through a window you have to go to the shop look window you have to go to the shop look. Window you have to go to the shop look through the window and through the window and. Through the window and and look at your nft how do we and look at your nft how do we. And look at your nft how do we decentralize that the second you decentralize that the second you. Decentralize that the second you decentralize it decentralize it decentralize it then the laws have to wrap around the. Then the laws have to wrap around the then the laws have to wrap around the nfts and not the other way around I mean. Nfts and not the other way around I mean nfts and not the other way around I mean. Do you want to could you go into the do you want to could you go into the do you want to could you go into the. Opportunity for decentralization and opportunity for decentralization and opportunity for decentralization and. And creating that sort of system yeah so and creating that sort of system yeah so. And creating that sort of system yeah so I mean the way that almost all if not I mean the way that almost all if not. I mean the way that almost all if not all all all nft marketplaces work is is there is. Nft marketplaces work is is there is nft marketplaces work is is there is that that. That interface that you're accessing your interface that you're accessing your interface that you're accessing your. Nfts through nfts through nfts through and there is some where you can you can and there is some where you can you can. And there is some where you can you can take your nfts and view them on some take your nfts and view them on some. Take your nfts and view them on some other blockchain explorer or some other other blockchain explorer or some other. Other blockchain explorer or some other interface but there tends to be that interface but there tends to be that. Interface but there tends to be that I can only get at this through a browser I can only get at this through a browser. I can only get at this through a browser through a particular website through a particular website. Through a particular website and particularly when you split the the and particularly when you split the the. And particularly when you split the the the nft the nft the nft between the contract that allows you to. Between the contract that allows you to between the contract that allows you to sell it. Sell it sell it and the actual representation and the actual representation and the actual representation. Of that asset the the and the ipfs of that asset the the and the ipfs of that asset the the and the ipfs. Address or address or address or whatever it might be that actually holds whatever it might be that actually holds. Whatever it might be that actually holds the image or the art the image or the art. The image or the art you're you're beginning to to you're you're beginning to to. you're you're beginning to to centralize you're at least beginning to centralize you're at least beginning to. Centralize you're at least beginning to silo silo silo the usability of that thing to where. The usability of that thing to where the usability of that thing to where yeah yeah. Yeah if if your nft is inside ethereum if if your nft is inside ethereum if if your nft is inside ethereum. You have to look through a window you have to look through a window you have to look through a window . Open c or look through the the open c or look through the the open c or look through the the. Foundation to to foundation to to foundation to to see your nft but if they decide. See your nft but if they decide see your nft but if they decide to pull the shade on that and you view. To pull the shade on that and you view to pull the shade on that and you view that url. That url that url and they've they've decided that nft is and they've they've decided that nft is. And they've they've decided that nft is no good anymore no good anymore no good anymore. You've essentially lost access to that you've essentially lost access to that you've essentially lost access to that. and so being by decentralizing that and so being by decentralizing that and so being by decentralizing that. Again yeah you're what you're doing is again yeah you're what you're doing is again yeah you're what you're doing is. You kind of have to take the reason that you kind of have to take the reason that. You kind of have to take the reason that they might pull the shade and address they might pull the shade and address. They might pull the shade and address that before you ever mint it that before you ever mint it. That before you ever mint it and almost put the the viewing mechanics and almost put the the viewing mechanics. And almost put the the viewing mechanics or the access or the access or the access. Mechanics and bake that into the nft mechanics and bake that into the nft mechanics and bake that into the nft. Itself so whether that's itself so whether that's itself so whether that's the code to view the nft along with the. The code to view the nft along with the the code to view the nft along with the actual art for the nft. Actual art for the nft actual art for the nft but all of the pieces for how this thing. But all of the pieces for how this thing but all of the pieces for how this thing. Is represented is represented is represented and x access so not just the security. And x access so not just the security and x access so not just the security but and not just the the trading of the. But and not just the the trading of the but and not just the the trading of the thing but the actual. Thing but the actual thing but the actual access to the thing the way that you access to the thing the way that you. Access to the thing the way that you hold it and identify to hold it and identify to. Hold it and identify to those around you look at this thing that those around you look at this thing that. Those around you look at this thing that I own whatever that mechanic is that has. I own whatever that mechanic is that has I own whatever that mechanic is that has. To be part of the nft too so that to be part of the nft too so that to be part of the nft too so that. Access to it is is just as central to access to it is is just as central to access to it is is just as central to. The thing itself so that you're able to the thing itself so that you're able to the thing itself so that you're able to. Show it show it show it but when you show it it's also still but when you show it it's also still. But when you show it it's also still there it's so strange there it's so strange there it's so strange. That these things are split because if I that these things are split because if i. That these things are split because if I hold a baseball card all of that hold a baseball card all of that. Hold a baseball card all of that is contained in that baseball card but is contained in that baseball card but. Is contained in that baseball card but when we've transferred that digitally when we've transferred that digitally. When we've transferred that digitally we've split these things up and siloed we've split these things up and siloed. We've split these things up and siloed them to where each one can fail them to where each one can fail. Them to where each one can fail individually individually individually and now you're holding up a baseball. And now you're holding up a baseball and now you're holding up a baseball card but there's no image on it. Card but there's no image on it card but there's no image on it or you're holding an image in your brain. Or you're holding an image in your brain or you're holding an image in your brain. Like no I can see it in my head like no I can see it in my head like no I can see it in my head. But nobody else can access that picture but nobody else can access that picture but nobody else can access that picture. By having the card that you're showing by having the card that you're showing by having the card that you're showing. Them it's them it's them it's it's weird to think about but that's it's weird to think about but that's. It's weird to think about but that's that's the world that we've created when that's the world that we've created when. That's the world that we've created when we've siloed all of these things we've siloed all of these things. We've siloed all of these things we have to find ways to bring those we have to find ways to bring those. We have to find ways to bring those things together things together things together. in my mind or else in my mind or else in my mind or else invariably you give it enough time these. Invariably you give it enough time these invariably you give it enough time these. Things are going to be siloed things are things are going to be siloed things are. Things are going to be siloed things are going to go away going to go away going to go away. And all of the things that we're and all of the things that we're and all of the things that we're. Purchasing and accessing now are going purchasing and accessing now are going purchasing and accessing now are going. To be so broken to be so broken to be so broken that they won't have the value that. that they won't have the value that that they won't have the value that they have and there's going to be a lot. They have and there's going to be a lot they have and there's going to be a lot of. Of of this sort of hype that goes way up none this sort of hype that goes way up none. This sort of hype that goes way up none of it's going to work of it's going to work. Of it's going to work and it's going to leave that bad taste and it's going to leave that bad taste. And it's going to leave that bad taste in everybody's mouth and we're going to in everybody's mouth and we're going to. In everybody's mouth and we're going to have to slowly crawl have to slowly crawl. Have to slowly crawl back up before we're able to back up before we're able to. Back up before we're able to to start innovating again to start innovating again. To start innovating again how much does that fit with did Stellar how much does that fit with did stella. How much does that fit with did Stellar want to fix that problem or does it want to fix that problem or does it. Want to fix that problem or does it conflict too much with conflict too much with. Conflict too much with being fast so there's obviously a big being fast so there's obviously a big. Being fast so there's obviously a big difference between difference between difference between. The Stellar development foundation and the Stellar development foundation and the Stellar development foundation and. How we use Stellar and how we build how we use Stellar and how we build how we use Stellar and how we build. Stellar Stellar Stellar but Stellar itself is an open protocol but Stellar itself is an open protocol. But Stellar itself is an open protocol that anyone can use for their purposes that anyone can use for their purposes. That anyone can use for their purposes so it's so it's so it's if you approach seller and you think it. If you approach seller and you think it if you approach seller and you think it can work for your purposes. Can work for your purposes can work for your purposes go for it I don't think it's something. Go for it I don't think it's something go for it I don't think it's something that sdf is going to. That sdf is going to that sdf is going to work on where we're cross-border work on where we're cross-border. Work on where we're cross-border payments where payments where payments where . Open access to the world's global open access to the world's global open access to the world's global. Financial system it's financial system it's financial system it's it's a different goal I think there are. It's a different goal I think there are it's a different goal I think there are some crossovers particularly when you. Some crossovers particularly when you some crossovers particularly when you start to. Start to start to define what is value or what is a define what is value or what is a. Define what is value or what is a financial like what is that what does financial like what is that what does. Financial like what is that what does financial access actually mean what is financial access actually mean what is. Financial access actually mean what is finance finance finance those things I think begin to be. Those things I think begin to be those things I think begin to be answered differently when it's digital. Answered differently when it's digital answered differently when it's digital but when you look at Stellar itself the. But when you look at Stellar itself the but when you look at Stellar itself the the protocol in the network and how. The protocol in the network and how the protocol in the network and how changes are made to the the ledger. Changes are made to the the ledger changes are made to the the ledger the cryptography behind it that works. the cryptography behind it that works the cryptography behind it that works. Great for all kinds of use cases outside great for all kinds of use cases outside. Great for all kinds of use cases outside of this there are certainly ones that of this there are certainly ones that. Of this there are certainly ones that don't fit don't fit don't fit but if you approach. But if you approach but if you approach the network and and see that it works. The network and and see that it works the network and and see that it works well for your use case there's nobody. Well for your use case there's nobody well for your use case there's nobody standing in line saying sorry. Standing in line saying sorry standing in line saying sorry yes it can't do that and I think I mean. Yes it can't do that and I think I mean yes it can't do that and I think I mean I think any of this stuff like. I think any of this stuff like I think any of this stuff like even if sdf is not like we're not. Even if sdf is not like we're not even if sdf is not like we're not internally developing nft. Internally developing nft internally developing nft standards I think that you know we're. Standards I think that you know we're standards I think that you know we're having this conversation because. Having this conversation because having this conversation because some of you guys are and you know. Some of you guys are and you know some of you guys are and you know I think that it would be worthwhile to. I think that it would be worthwhile to I think that it would be worthwhile to see. See see a conform standard or two for this a conform standard or two for this a conform standard or two for this. Across the platform you know we've been across the platform you know we've been across the platform you know we've been. We've been talking about it now since I we've been talking about it now since I we've been talking about it now since i. Started sdf started sdf started sdf and I'm like i've seen fred's and I'm like i've seen fred's. And I'm like i've seen fred's ideas for like how he's doing it i've ideas for like how he's doing it i've. Ideas for like how he's doing it i've seen other people seen other people seen other people. Working on projects there's a couple of working on projects there's a couple of working on projects there's a couple of. Other marketplaces that have been other marketplaces that have been other marketplaces that have been. Launched launched launched simultaneously and it's just been simultaneously and it's just been. Simultaneously and it's just been interesting to see interesting to see interesting to see. How the conversations that have happened how the conversations that have happened. How the conversations that have happened over three over three over three four years are now starting to like. Four years are now starting to like four years are now starting to like that work is now dropping and it's. That work is now dropping and it's that work is now dropping and it's really cool that it's dropping. Really cool that it's dropping really cool that it's dropping simultaneous to the. Simultaneous to the simultaneous to the like hype cycle because it's not like like hype cycle because it's not like. Like hype cycle because it's not like this this this like the work that fred for example has. Like the work that fred for example has like the work that fred for example has done is new it's not like he just spun. Done is new it's not like he just spun done is new it's not like he just spun this up because suddenly. This up because suddenly this up because suddenly people sold stuff it's something that. People sold stuff it's something that people sold stuff it's something that he's been doing for a long time. He's been doing for a long time he's been doing for a long time and you know some of these other. And you know some of these other and you know some of these other projects that are also issuing entities. Projects that are also issuing entities projects that are also issuing entities on Stellar. On Stellar on Stellar so I think a standard would be great so I think a standard would be great. So I think a standard would be great like an ecosystem standard but I think like an ecosystem standard but I think. Like an ecosystem standard but I think you know it's going to require use cases you know it's going to require use cases. You know it's going to require use cases which I guess is my which I guess is my which I guess is my. Other point is like I think a big thing other point is like I think a big thing other point is like I think a big thing. We're seeing is a lot of people want to we're seeing is a lot of people want to we're seeing is a lot of people want to. Issue nfts on Stellar because nfts are a issue nfts on Stellar because nfts are a. Issue nfts on Stellar because nfts are a big deal but if you look at big deal but if you look at. Big deal but if you look at like right now in the space and you'll like right now in the space and you'll. Like right now in the space and you'll see other networks and see other networks and. See other networks and not name or bash any of them because I not name or bash any of them because i. Not name or bash any of them because I don't think there's anything wrong with don't think there's anything wrong with. Don't think there's anything wrong with it it it saying like you can issue stuff on ours. Saying like you can issue stuff on ours saying like you can issue stuff on ours here's here's the platform to do it. Here's here's the platform to do it here's here's the platform to do it I think you know people will try that. I think you know people will try that I think you know people will try that stuff out. Stuff out stuff out but the nft collector the one that but the nft collector the one that. But the nft collector the one that people are thinking of right now they're people are thinking of right now they're. People are thinking of right now they're all in ethereum all in ethereum all in ethereum. They all have and and I think the way they all have and and I think the way they all have and and I think the way. That you really that you really that you really get people to use nfps is through use. Get people to use nfps is through use get people to use nfps is through use cases like lightmint is a great. Cases like lightmint is a great cases like lightmint is a great like you make the game the users just. Like you make the game the users just like you make the game the users just want to play the game if the nft is part. Want to play the game if the nft is part want to play the game if the nft is part. Of that experience of that experience of that experience you know they can learn about how that. You know they can learn about how that you know they can learn about how that functions as they learn. Functions as they learn functions as they learn like that community and environment and. Like that community and environment and like that community and environment and ecosystem and platform. Ecosystem and platform ecosystem and platform and I think like actual use cases will. And I think like actual use cases will and I think like actual use cases will bring people. Bring people bring people to networks and they'll get nfts through to networks and they'll get nfts through. To networks and they'll get nfts through those use cases those use cases those use cases. I think that just issuing an nft on I think that just issuing an nft on I think that just issuing an nft on. Stellar because you want to do an nft Stellar because you want to do an nft Stellar because you want to do an nft. But you don't want to pay 70 dollars in but you don't want to pay 70 dollars in but you don't want to pay 70 dollars in. Gas on gas on gas on ethereum that makes logical sense but ethereum that makes logical sense but. Ethereum that makes logical sense but it's not going to attract it's not going to attract. It's not going to attract the current like insanity that you're the current like insanity that you're. The current like insanity that you're seeing seeing seeing in other like on ethereum around it. in other like on ethereum around it in other like on ethereum around it does that make sense yeah I mean i. Does that make sense yeah I mean I does that make sense yeah I mean I wanted to wanted to. Wanted to get back just about the because the get back just about the because the. Get back just about the because the the way the way the way on the storage first for nfts. on the storage first for nfts on the storage first for nfts the way I chose to approach this. The way I chose to approach this the way I chose to approach this problem with enlightenment is basically. Problem with enlightenment is basically problem with enlightenment is basically by not addressing this problem so. by not addressing this problem so by not addressing this problem so essentially . Essentially essentially I use what steve was pointing out I use what steve was pointing out . I use what steve was pointing out the the the there's a step one specifications from. There's a step one specifications from there's a step one specifications from Stellar ecosystem a proposal standard. Stellar ecosystem a proposal standard Stellar ecosystem a proposal standard that allows us to describe an asset. That allows us to describe an asset that allows us to describe an asset through a normal file and that's the. Through a normal file and that's the through a normal file and that's the only thing that the lightweight. Only thing that the lightweight only thing that the lightweight market market. Market place we will basically care about so place we will basically care about so. Place we will basically care about so whether the item is stored on ipfs whether the item is stored on ipfs. Whether the item is stored on ipfs whether it's whether it's whether it's it's stored as a managed data inside. It's stored as a managed data inside it's stored as a managed data inside the asset itself. The asset itself the asset itself is not something that the marketplace is not something that the marketplace. Is not something that the marketplace will address basically as long as will address basically as long as. Will address basically as long as your item is described properly within your item is described properly within. Your item is described properly within the domain file the domain file the domain file. Then it will be displayed properly to then it will be displayed properly to then it will be displayed properly to. Users on the marketplace users on the marketplace users on the marketplace and I decided to use that because at. And I decided to use that because at and I decided to use that because at the end it's. The end it's the end it's currently a standard that is used for currently a standard that is used for. Currently a standard that is used for Stellar for describing all assets from Stellar for describing all assets from. Stellar for describing all assets from Stellar Stellar Stellar and this way I don't make. And this way I don't make and this way I don't make assumptions about how. Assumptions about how assumptions about how an event will stand out will come later. An event will stand out will come later an event will stand out will come later on for for. On for for on for for for storing the data because there's for storing the data because there's. For storing the data because there's also another thing that I was also another thing that I was. Also another thing that I was wondering and is wondering and is wondering and is. Yes it's nice to have access to the yes it's nice to have access to the yes it's nice to have access to the. Art art art in a kind of a permanent way but is it in a kind of a permanent way but is it. In a kind of a permanent way but is it really where the value is because if you really where the value is because if you. Really where the value is because if you look at look at look at for example the way the first. For example the way the first for example the way the first five thousand days has been sold for 69. Five thousand days has been sold for 69 five thousand days has been sold for 69 million. Million million it doesn't really matter if someone gets it doesn't really matter if someone gets. It doesn't really matter if someone gets and you can actually get the high. And you can actually get the high and you can actually get the high resolution copy on ipfs for that app. Resolution copy on ipfs for that app resolution copy on ipfs for that app it's it's not what carries the value of. It's it's not what carries the value of it's it's not what carries the value of the item. The item the item what here is the value is the fact that what here is the value is the fact that. What here is the value is the fact that someone has the signature to sign a someone has the signature to sign a. Someone has the signature to sign a transfer transfer transfer transaction to to pass ownership of. transaction to to pass ownership of transaction to to pass ownership of that of that up. That of that up that of that up and even if tomorrow the only trace and even if tomorrow the only trace. And even if tomorrow the only trace remaining of that art is remaining of that art is. Remaining of that art is like five by five pixel resolution like five by five pixel resolution . like five by five pixel resolution of of it I think the value will still be. Of of it I think the value will still be of of it I think the value will still be. There because someone has there because someone has there because someone has the ability to sign the the. the ability to sign the the the ability to sign the the transaction transaction. Transaction I would agree with you on that point I would agree with you on that point. I would agree with you on that point to to to to most degree I think you know to most degree I think you know. To most degree I think you know newcomers the space newcomers the space newcomers the space. They want the art and so when people they want the art and so when people they want the art and so when people. Pull things like pull things like pull things like change the art on open sea like that. Change the art on open sea like that change the art on open sea like that becomes a pseudo-news article because. Becomes a pseudo-news article because becomes a pseudo-news article because people are like well. People are like well people are like well it's gone but if you look and listen to. It's gone but if you look and listen to it's gone but if you look and listen to the. The the you know the people who are doing art you know the people who are doing art. You know the people who are doing art with bitcoin like colored coins or with bitcoin like colored coins or. With bitcoin like colored coins or rare pepes or like if you listen the the rare pepes or like if you listen the the. Rare pepes or like if you listen the the early ethereum early ethereum early ethereum. Like style nft things that have been like style nft things that have been like style nft things that have been. Converted there's arguments about like converted there's arguments about like converted there's arguments about like. Are you purchasing the ledger history are you purchasing the ledger history are you purchasing the ledger history. The signature like the ownership here the signature like the ownership here the signature like the ownership here. If you can track the origin of like the if you can track the origin of like the if you can track the origin of like the. The first press the first press the first press then that and like it goes back all the. Then that and like it goes back all the then that and like it goes back all the way so like. Way so like way so like even if it started you know on one even if it started you know on one. Even if it started you know on one chain and ended up somewhere chain and ended up somewhere. Chain and ended up somewhere as long as you can trace all that back I as long as you can trace all that back i. As long as you can trace all that back I think I think there was an article think I think there was an article. Think I think there was an article on italic recently published around on italic recently published around. On italic recently published around similar similar similar idea it's like that's that's what you're. Idea it's like that's that's what you're idea it's like that's that's what you're. Purchasing and I think to fred's point purchasing and I think to fred's point purchasing and I think to fred's point. About about about art is like art people are minting these art is like art people are minting these. Art is like art people are minting these pieces as art currently pieces as art currently. Pieces as art currently there's no reason that that people piece there's no reason that that people piece. There's no reason that that people piece can't be like a legendary sword in can't be like a legendary sword in. Can't be like a legendary sword in somebody else's game somebody else's game somebody else's game. And in that regard that aspect that and in that regard that aspect that and in that regard that aspect that. Asset is going to be represented asset is going to be represented asset is going to be represented. Differently differently differently it exists on chains so if you hold in it exists on chains so if you hold in. It exists on chains so if you hold in your wallet you can like your wallet you can like. Your wallet you can like you know it's proof your ownership so you know it's proof your ownership so. You know it's proof your ownership so they can pull that from you know whether they can pull that from you know whether. They can pull that from you know whether that's that's that's albedo or metamask or whatever you're. Albedo or metamask or whatever you're albedo or metamask or whatever you're using from like these things or. Using from like these things or using from like these things or however the game interacts with these. However the game interacts with these however the game interacts with these assets so just because it was minted as. Assets so just because it was minted as assets so just because it was minted as art. Art art and there's an ipfs that goes along with and there's an ipfs that goes along with. And there's an ipfs that goes along with it doesn't mean that every application it doesn't mean that every application. It doesn't mean that every application of that of that of that asset that exists has to be art related. Asset that exists has to be art related asset that exists has to be art related I agree 100 and I think that's a really. I agree 100 and I think that's a really I agree 100 and I think that's a really important distinction to make. Important distinction to make important distinction to make particularly for the future of. Particularly for the future of particularly for the future of of nfts even in just identifying what. Of nfts even in just identifying what of nfts even in just identifying what are people actually buying what are they. Are people actually buying what are they are people actually buying what are they. Actually getting what's the legally actually getting what's the legally actually getting what's the legally. Defensible item that you're arguing over defensible item that you're arguing over. Defensible item that you're arguing over what's the thing that's valuable and what's the thing that's valuable and. What's the thing that's valuable and it's interesting because the it's interesting because the. It's interesting because the representation representation representation like traditionally in our brains when we. Like traditionally in our brains when we like traditionally in our brains when we. Think about art we think about think about art we think about think about art we think about. What are you getting it is the music it what are you getting it is the music it what are you getting it is the music it. Is is is the picture it is but because it's so the picture it is but because it's so. The picture it is but because it's so often tied to the medium by which you often tied to the medium by which you. Often tied to the medium by which you got it it's hard to separate those got it it's hard to separate those. Got it it's hard to separate those things out things out things out but when you actually look at what are. But when you actually look at what are but when you actually look at what are you selling like if I go and i. You selling like if I go and I you selling like if I go and I steal that image and and mint it myself. Steal that image and and mint it myself steal that image and and mint it myself outside of there being copyright issues. Outside of there being copyright issues outside of there being copyright issues it's not valuable because I'm not the. It's not valuable because I'm not the it's not valuable because I'm not the artist. Artist artist and I can you can prove that I'm not the and I can you can prove that I'm not the. And I can you can prove that I'm not the artist I didn't actually make that thing. Artist I didn't actually make that thing artist I didn't actually make that thing. and that's where you get an art fraud and that's where you get an art fraud. and that's where you get an art fraud now is you're not trying to find which now is you're not trying to find which. Now is you're not trying to find which one one one looks good you're trying to find this. Looks good you're trying to find this looks good you're trying to find this artist was famous. Artist was famous artist was famous this artist was the real deal and he this artist was the real deal and he. This artist was the real deal and he painted something painted something painted something. We need to find that one because he we need to find that one because he we need to find that one because he. Actually touched it and actually touched it and actually touched it and it's less the the item and more the. It's less the the item and more the it's less the the item and more the assurance that. Assurance that assurance that the person behind it the the the the person behind it the the the. The person behind it the the the certification that it's legitimate certification that it's legitimate. Certification that it's legitimate that's what the blockchain gives you that's what the blockchain gives you. that's what the blockchain gives you not not the not not the not not the the connection to the pixels or the the. The connection to the pixels or the the the connection to the pixels or the the sound. Sound sound waves or whatever scratches on the hard waves or whatever scratches on the hard. Waves or whatever scratches on the hard drive drive drive might be like the thing that's valuable. Might be like the thing that's valuable might be like the thing that's valuable is is the. Is is the is is the that are that origination the that are that origination the that are that origination the. Certificate certificate certificate and that's I think we need to keep that. And that's I think we need to keep that and that's I think we need to keep that in mind particularly because I think. In mind particularly because I think in mind particularly because I think it's extremely interesting that art. It's extremely interesting that art it's extremely interesting that art might change. Might change might change that as something gets purchased it's that as something gets purchased it's. That as something gets purchased it's it's programmed to change in a certain it's programmed to change in a certain. It's programmed to change in a certain way over time and way over time and way over time and. We even start to do represent like if we even start to do represent like if we even start to do represent like if. You had you know you had you know you had you know this 69 million dollar nft but you. this 69 million dollar nft but you this 69 million dollar nft but you could somehow load it up into a game. Could somehow load it up into a game could somehow load it up into a game maybe it becomes this weird meme thing. Maybe it becomes this weird meme thing maybe it becomes this weird meme thing that no matter what game you're in you. That no matter what game you're in you that no matter what game you're in you can load. Can load can load in this nft and it gives you superpowers in this nft and it gives you superpowers. In this nft and it gives you superpowers like that's really interesting like that's really interesting. Like that's really interesting that's something you can't do with that's something you can't do with. That's something you can't do with physical art physical art physical art . That would be fascinating when you start that would be fascinating when you start. That would be fascinating when you start to approach what can we do to approach what can we do. To approach what can we do with this medium that's innovation with this medium that's innovation. With this medium that's innovation that's something that we can we can only that's something that we can we can only. That's something that we can we can only do because it's digital there's some do because it's digital there's some. Do because it's digital there's some really fascinating things that I think really fascinating things that I think. Really fascinating things that I think we need to start exploring we need to start exploring. We need to start exploring by moving away from assuming that people by moving away from assuming that people. By moving away from assuming that people are buying are buying are buying pixels and instead assuming what's. Pixels and instead assuming what's pixels and instead assuming what's true is they're buying certification. True is they're buying certification true is they're buying certification they're buying something on the. They're buying something on the they're buying something on the blockchain they're buying their stamp. Blockchain they're buying their stamp blockchain they're buying their stamp their. Their their their part of history in the in the their part of history in the in the. Their part of history in the in the chain of whatever chain of whatever chain of whatever. This thing originally was because it's this thing originally was because it's this thing originally was because it's. Actually quite simple when you get down actually quite simple when you get down actually quite simple when you get down. To what is something value like what to what is something value like what to what is something value like what. Makes something valuable it's just what makes something valuable it's just what makes something valuable it's just what. Is someone else willing to pay for it is someone else willing to pay for it is someone else willing to pay for it. And so long as you can make that a large and so long as you can make that a large. And so long as you can make that a large group or large amounts of money group or large amounts of money. Group or large amounts of money the assurance there is on the the assurance there is on the. the assurance there is on the blockchain and that is good that that blockchain and that is good that that. Blockchain and that is good that that does work that's already been proven the does work that's already been proven the. Does work that's already been proven the attaching images to that that's that's attaching images to that that's that's. Attaching images to that that's that's difficult and there's legal issues difficult and there's legal issues. Difficult and there's legal issues around there but if around there but if around there but if. If you can rather just have this if you can rather just have this if you can rather just have this. Chain of things this chain of events and chain of things this chain of events and. Chain of things this chain of events and transactions and assurance of ownership transactions and assurance of ownership. Transactions and assurance of ownership particularly particularly particularly originally which you can do now. Originally which you can do now originally which you can do now I think you've got something that you. I think you've got something that you I think you've got something that you can really begin to innovate on. Cool super sorry are you cool super sorry are you off to you tyler no go ahead well I was. Off to you tyler no go ahead well I was off to you tyler no go ahead well I was just going to. Just going to just going to come up but there was a just a model come up but there was a just a model. Come up but there was a just a model which I had a conversation with which I had a conversation with. Which I had a conversation with someone the other day someone the other day someone the other day. It was a interesting brainstorm yet it it was a interesting brainstorm yet it it was a interesting brainstorm yet it. It's combining smart contracts with nfts it's combining smart contracts with nfts. It's combining smart contracts with nfts is using an nft is using an nft is using an nft. To to represent some physical to to represent some physical to to represent some physical. in this case let's take a tree so in this case let's take a tree so in this case let's take a tree so. The person I was speaking to was saying the person I was speaking to was saying the person I was speaking to was saying. That they wanted to plant trees that they wanted to plant trees that they wanted to plant trees. And they hate the these models where you and they hate the these models where you. And they hate the these models where you you know a dollar a tree you know a dollar a tree. You know a dollar a tree the tree gets planted it gets ripped up the tree gets planted it gets ripped up. The tree gets planted it gets ripped up six months later the six months later the. Six months later the the question is if you want to plant the question is if you want to plant. The question is if you want to plant trees trees trees you need them to be there five ten. you need them to be there five ten you need them to be there five ten years to get the benefit. Years to get the benefit years to get the benefit so that's an asset which is which is. So that's an asset which is which is so that's an asset which is which is developing over time. Developing over time developing over time it has more value the older it gets it has more value the older it gets. It has more value the older it gets typically and typically and typically and so if you take a smart contract and you. So if you take a smart contract and you so if you take a smart contract and you tie it to an nft the nft is tied to this. Tie it to an nft the nft is tied to this tie it to an nft the nft is tied to this. Case let's just take a tree it's case let's just take a tree it's case let's just take a tree it's. Probably going to be a number of trees probably going to be a number of trees probably going to be a number of trees. Together together together and in the smart contract you say to the and in the smart contract you say to the. And in the smart contract you say to the donor okay you're going to donor okay you're going to. Donor okay you're going to invest 10 into this smart contract and invest 10 into this smart contract and. Invest 10 into this smart contract and when you do that when you do that when you do that. You're going to get the nft which you're going to get the nft which you're going to get the nft which. Represents the tree represents the tree represents the tree the smart contract then is where there's. The smart contract then is where there's the smart contract then is where there's. Checks going on to look at that asset checks going on to look at that asset checks going on to look at that asset. Over time over time over time and put inputs into the smart contract and put inputs into the smart contract. And put inputs into the smart contract saying hey tree's still here saying hey tree's still here. Saying hey tree's still here everything's good it's being watered and everything's good it's being watered and. Everything's good it's being watered and on that basis you've had the ten dollars. On that basis you've had the ten dollars on that basis you've had the ten dollars. Going to the pool going to the pool going to the pool say there was a dollar pushed out at the. Say there was a dollar pushed out at the say there was a dollar pushed out at the. Beginning to plant the tree beginning to plant the tree beginning to plant the tree. A year later you have a couple more a year later you have a couple more a year later you have a couple more. Dollars goes and it's going through the dollars goes and it's going through the dollars goes and it's going through the. Community that's community that's community that's looking after these trees so you can use. Looking after these trees so you can use looking after these trees so you can use. A smart contract combined with an nft a smart contract combined with an nft a smart contract combined with an nft. and if the tree goes you can burn the and if the tree goes you can burn the. and if the tree goes you can burn the nft nft nft you have a way of of relating. you have a way of of relating you have a way of of relating and having a long-term investment. and having a long-term investment and having a long-term investment around around. Around natural assets I think you know natural assets I think you know natural assets I think you know. My the way I explain it is probably not my the way I explain it is probably not my the way I explain it is probably not. Not that clear but I think there's a not that clear but I think there's a not that clear but I think there's a. A useful way of investors being able to a useful way of investors being able to a useful way of investors being able to. Put money into a smart contract put money into a smart contract put money into a smart contract. Nft representation and a long-term view nft representation and a long-term view nft representation and a long-term view. I don't know what you think if that I don't know what you think if that I don't know what you think if that. Makes any sense at all makes any sense at all makes any sense at all it's super interesting and I think that. It's super interesting and I think that it's super interesting and I think that the issue for me becomes around how do. The issue for me becomes around how do the issue for me becomes around how do you make assurances. You make assurances you make assurances between something that's strictly between something that's strictly. Between something that's strictly digital and programmed and something digital and programmed and something. Digital and programmed and something that's very much not like what's to that's very much not like what's to. That's very much not like what's to there there has to be those reward there there has to be those reward. There there has to be those reward mechanisms kind of like what you mechanisms kind of like what you. Mechanisms kind of like what you mentioned that mentioned that mentioned that like what's to keep me from taking an. Like what's to keep me from taking an like what's to keep me from taking an axe and chopping down the trees so that. Axe and chopping down the trees so that axe and chopping down the trees so that I can plant another one and mint more. I can plant another one and mint more I can plant another one and mint more tokens and get more money like. Tokens and get more money like tokens and get more money like somehow make it monetarily worth keeping. Somehow make it monetarily worth keeping somehow make it monetarily worth keeping. That tree alive and I think some of the problem is there and I think some of the problem is there. But I also think there's opportunities but I also think there's opportunities but I also think there's opportunities. In in nft spaces or even just in in nft spaces or even just in in nft spaces or even just. Tokenization spaces tokenization spaces tokenization spaces where you can get retail investors. Where you can get retail investors where you can get retail investors involved where it's not big corporations. Involved where it's not big corporations involved where it's not big corporations. But individuals have but individuals have but individuals have a tree token and somehow there is that. A tree token and somehow there is that a tree token and somehow there is that ability to. Ability to ability to to keep tabs on what's happening though to keep tabs on what's happening though. To keep tabs on what's happening though implement economic models that make implement economic models that make. implement economic models that make it more worth it it more worth it it more worth it. To to keep these things as as long-term to to keep these things as as long-term to to keep these things as as long-term. Investments or investments or investments or opportunities for for foresters to. opportunities for for foresters to opportunities for for foresters to ensure that they're they're doing the. ensure that they're they're doing the ensure that they're they're doing the. Right thing that there's monetary right thing that there's monetary right thing that there's monetary. Incentives for that because incentives for that because incentives for that because. Right now so much of that is flipped right now so much of that is flipped right now so much of that is flipped. Where as long as it's where as long as it's where as long as it's more worth it for me to do the wrong. More worth it for me to do the wrong more worth it for me to do the wrong thing will I will I choose to do that. Thing will I will I choose to do that thing will I will I choose to do that. More often so we have to flip those more often so we have to flip those more often so we have to flip those. Economic models to where economic models to where economic models to where either either there are smart. either either there are smart either either there are smart contracts or or legal contracts in place. Contracts or or legal contracts in place contracts or or legal contracts in place. That disallow that or disincentivize that disallow that or disincentivize that disallow that or disincentivize. That or that or that or more preferably there are economic more preferably there are economic. More preferably there are economic models in place that are more worth it models in place that are more worth it. Models in place that are more worth it for you to do the right thing that you for you to do the right thing that you. For you to do the right thing that you actually actually actually earn more money that way and those those. Earn more money that way and those those earn more money that way and those those. Are tricky but I think one of the are tricky but I think one of the are tricky but I think one of the. Reasons they're tricky is because reasons they're tricky is because reasons they're tricky is because. There's so many middlemen and there's so many middlemen and there's so many middlemen and. So much of these investment so much of these investment so much of these investment. Opportunities are locked out to little opportunities are locked out to little opportunities are locked out to little. Bits of money bits of money bits of money who don't have large they're not trying. Who don't have large they're not trying who don't have large they're not trying to make a million dollars off of an. To make a million dollars off of an to make a million dollars off of an investment they're trying to make. Investment they're trying to make investment they're trying to make a small moral decision of I want to do. A small moral decision of I want to do a small moral decision of I want to do some good in the world and it doesn't. Some good in the world and it doesn't some good in the world and it doesn't matter if my one dollar makes two. Matter if my one dollar makes two matter if my one dollar makes two dollars in five years. Dollars in five years dollars in five years I just want to do some good and and have. I just want to do some good and and have I just want to do some good and and have. Some assurance that the good I want to some assurance that the good I want to some assurance that the good I want to. Do will actually happen do will actually happen do will actually happen I think I think blockchain has a lot. I think I think blockchain has a lot I think I think blockchain has a lot of potential to open up opportunities. Of potential to open up opportunities of potential to open up opportunities for that. For that for that for just by the nature of removing so for just by the nature of removing so. For just by the nature of removing so many middlemen many middlemen many middlemen. Because rather than having human because rather than having human because rather than having human. Contracts in place contracts in place contracts in place you have computers again it's it's math. You have computers again it's it's math you have computers again it's it's math instead of morals that are. Instead of morals that are instead of morals that are addressing these things and I think. Addressing these things and I think addressing these things and I think that's that's a powerful. That's that's a powerful that's that's a powerful tool that we that we're only really. Tool that we that we're only really tool that we that we're only really starting to scratch the surface on how. Starting to scratch the surface on how starting to scratch the surface on how that moves just beyond. That moves just beyond that moves just beyond kind of converting traditional finance. Kind of converting traditional finance kind of converting traditional finance to digital finance. To digital finance to digital finance there's some really interesting there's some really interesting. There's some really interesting opportunities there but they definitely opportunities there but they definitely. Opportunities there but they definitely remain to be seen remain to be seen remain to be seen. How successful those can be over the how successful those can be over the how successful those can be over the. Next few years but innovation in that next few years but innovation in that next few years but innovation in that. Space is definitely needed and I think space is definitely needed and I think space is definitely needed and I think. It's it's it's it's valuable to look at that it's valuable to look at that it's valuable to look at that . Not to throw a loop here because I not to throw a loop here because I not to throw a loop here because I i. Wonder if there's some questions wonder if there's some questions wonder if there's some questions. available but I also had a quick available but I also had a quick available but I also had a quick. Question for fred regarding his question for fred regarding his question for fred regarding his. Platform that I got a sneak peek of the platform that I got a sneak peek of the platform that I got a sneak peek of the. Other day other day other day because I think you know because I think you know. because I think you know similar to how well I don't know let me similar to how well I don't know let me. Similar to how well I don't know let me let me just ask the question fred let me just ask the question fred. Let me just ask the question fred for your platform like you you're for your platform like you you're. For your platform like you you're sharing sharing sharing that you had some like cross-chain kind. That you had some like cross-chain kind that you had some like cross-chain kind of compatibility. Of compatibility of compatibility and that you it looks like light mint and that you it looks like light mint. And that you it looks like light mint marketplace you become an anchor marketplace you become an anchor. Marketplace you become an anchor essentially right like you are an nft essentially right like you are an nft. Essentially right like you are an nft anchor anchor anchor for ethereum ones with that. For ethereum ones with that for ethereum ones with that I mean essentially during the live i. I mean essentially during the live I mean essentially during the live I wanted to show that artists let's say. Wanted to show that artists let's say wanted to show that artists let's say you had issued some. You had issued some you had issued some assets on some nfcs on ethereum so assets on some nfcs on ethereum so. Assets on some nfcs on ethereum so the goal was to show the goal was to show the goal was to show. How you can benefit from Stellar to how you can benefit from Stellar to how you can benefit from Stellar to. Alleviate all the fees alleviate all the fees alleviate all the fees and then also still sell your heart you. And then also still sell your heart you and then also still sell your heart you know because what what people may not. Know because what what people may not know because what what people may not realize is that. Realize is that realize is that Stellar is actually a lot of tools Stellar is actually a lot of tools. Stellar is actually a lot of tools for working with nft so for example you for working with nft so for example you. For working with nft so for example you can use can use can use path payments in order to have not. Path payments in order to have not path payments in order to have not just cross-asset. Just cross-asset just cross-asset exchanges but you can also have bid and exchanges but you can also have bid and. Exchanges but you can also have bid and offer discoveries offer discoveries offer discoveries. Which means that basically it's a very which means that basically it's a very which means that basically it's a very. Powerful tool to connect powerful tool to connect powerful tool to connect buyers and sellers and if you are an. Buyers and sellers and if you are an buyers and sellers and if you are an artist on ethereum then Stellar is a. Artist on ethereum then Stellar is a artist on ethereum then Stellar is a very. Very very it will become a very valuable it will become a very valuable it will become a very valuable. Platform for for platform for for platform for for the goal is to make it an alternative. The goal is to make it an alternative the goal is to make it an alternative platform for those sellers. Platform for those sellers platform for those sellers in order to allocate the fees there's. In order to allocate the fees there's in order to allocate the fees there's also another things that can run on. Also another things that can run on also another things that can run on ds decks that people may not realize. Ds decks that people may not realize ds decks that people may not realize it's for example you can use a. it's for example you can use a it's for example you can use a time-bound . Time-bound time-bound transaction in order to settle all the transaction in order to settle all the. Transaction in order to settle all the bidders and the participant in an bidders and the participant in an. Bidders and the participant in an auction auction auction at the end of an auction after a. At the end of an auction after a at the end of an auction after a specific predetermined. Specific predetermined specific predetermined period and you can also use period and you can also use. Period and you can also use you can you can use the path payments you can you can use the path payments. You can you can use the path payments tricks and tricks and tricks and at the end of the auction also to. At the end of the auction also to at the end of the auction also to implement a reserve price and things. Implement a reserve price and things implement a reserve price and things like that. Like that like that so Stellar is extremely versatile as a so Stellar is extremely versatile as a. So Stellar is extremely versatile as a protocol in order to protocol in order to protocol in order to. Implement all those and people need to implement all those and people need to implement all those and people need to. Realize that realize that realize that it could become a very good alternative it could become a very good alternative. It could become a very good alternative to to those to to those to to those networks that at the moment have a big. Networks that at the moment have a big networks that at the moment have a big problem with speed. Problem with speed problem with speed do you see compatibility with other do you see compatibility with other . Do you see compatibility with other networks as well outside of ethereum networks as well outside of ethereum. Networks as well outside of ethereum potentially potentially potentially no I did not investigate more but. No I did not investigate more but no I did not investigate more but yeah I think the yeah their goal is. Yeah I think the yeah their goal is yeah I think the yeah their goal is really to make it. Really to make it really to make it like that if you if you are an artist on like that if you if you are an artist on. Like that if you if you are an artist on ethereum then I ethereum then I ethereum then i. I want to make it that you can try I want to make it that you can try I want to make it that you can try. Stellars and alternative and stellars and alternative and stellars and alternative and. Benefit sweet benefit sweet benefit sweet I think that clarifies my my question. I think that clarifies my my question I think that clarifies my my question. On that on that on that all right well this is I don't know if all right well this is I don't know if. All right well this is I don't know if anybody has any last minute otherwise anybody has any last minute otherwise. Anybody has any last minute otherwise we're going to open we have a couple of we're going to open we have a couple of. We're going to open we have a couple of questions from our engaged and questions from our engaged and. Questions from our engaged and interested audience which I would like interested audience which I would like. Interested audience which I would like to pose to to pose to to pose to post to the group . Post to the group post to the group so maybe for this would be an so maybe for this would be an. So maybe for this would be an interesting one any plans interesting one any plans. Interesting one any plans and this this is kind of a little bit and this this is kind of a little bit. And this this is kind of a little bit towards towards towards sdf or at least the the Stellar side. sdf or at least the the Stellar side sdf or at least the the Stellar side of things but there are there any plans. Of things but there are there any plans of things but there are there any plans to make non-fractionable. To make non-fractionable to make non-fractionable an option in the tamil file it'd be. An option in the tamil file it'd be an option in the tamil file it'd be great to issue. Great to issue great to issue whole coin nfts instead of 0.00001 whole coin nfts instead of 0.00001. Whole coin nfts instead of 0.00001 nfts so how are you addressing that how nfts so how are you addressing that how. Nfts so how are you addressing that how do you think we should address that do you think we should address that. Do you think we should address that there's a there's a there's a there's sep work to be done here there's. There's sep work to be done here there's there's sep work to be done here there's. Also smart contract stuff that can be also smart contract stuff that can be also smart contract stuff that can be. Done here done here done here some of it's just display mechanics some of it's just display mechanics. some of it's just display mechanics right on right on right on the platform that you're displaying your. The platform that you're displaying your the platform that you're displaying your. Nft on because you don't nft on because you don't nft on because you don't at the end of the day it's it's a. At the end of the day it's it's a at the end of the day it's it's a display thing but I don't know fred how. Display thing but I don't know fred how display thing but I don't know fred how are you addressing the zero zero zero. Are you addressing the zero zero zero are you addressing the zero zero zero zero zero one. Zero zero one zero zero one issue yeah so this is like this has issue yeah so this is like this has. Issue yeah so this is like this has been a hurdle been a hurdle been a hurdle for for developing the the. for for developing the the for for developing the the marketplace because marketplace because. Marketplace because first it's not very friendly to users first it's not very friendly to users. First it's not very friendly to users but there's also some limitations on but there's also some limitations on. But there's also some limitations on these dates because of the these dates because of the. These dates because of the 32 limit so there's you can't price 32 limit so there's you can't price. 32 limit so there's you can't price easily an item over 214.75 easily an item over 214.75. Easily an item over 214.75 of any unit so in order to solve that of any unit so in order to solve that. Of any unit so in order to solve that for example what we do we use a for example what we do we use a. For example what we do we use a intermediate market so in instead of intermediate market so in instead of. Intermediate market so in instead of posting just one big offer we post two posting just one big offer we post two. Posting just one big offer we post two and we issue an asset and price this and we issue an asset and price this. And we issue an asset and price this asset the problem is that it creates asset the problem is that it creates. Asset the problem is that it creates cryptic orders on these decks cryptic orders on these decks. Cryptic orders on these decks so I think there's definitely a need for so I think there's definitely a need for. So I think there's definitely a need for for addressing this for addressing this for addressing this. In order to make it clearer to prevent in order to make it clearer to prevent in order to make it clearer to prevent. The the creation of those the the creation of those the the creation of those buffering assets and yeah that could be. Buffering assets and yeah that could be buffering assets and yeah that could be I'm not sure my favorite ways. I'm not sure my favorite ways I'm not sure my favorite ways would be to go with lifting the limit. Would be to go with lifting the limit would be to go with lifting the limit. Of it in 32 of it in 32 of it in 32 on the on the s decks that would be my on the on the s decks that would be my. On the on the s decks that would be my favorite way the most natural favorite way the most natural. Favorite way the most natural and then also in terms of being able to and then also in terms of being able to. And then also in terms of being able to create create create non-fractionable assets or fractionable. Non-fractionable assets or fractionable non-fractionable assets or fractionable at. At at very specific decimal place then that very specific decimal place then that. Very specific decimal place then that would be would be would be that would be the best the best foster. That would be the best the best foster that would be the best the best foster yeah there's definitely a lot of. Yeah there's definitely a lot of yeah there's definitely a lot of different ways to. Different ways to different ways to address the issue there's a lot of address the issue there's a lot of. Address the issue there's a lot of reasons that they are issues whether reasons that they are issues whether. Reasons that they are issues whether it's it's it's selling issues or selling issues on the. Selling issues or selling issues on the selling issues or selling issues on the decks or just visibility issues where. Decks or just visibility issues where decks or just visibility issues where it's weird to see that much fraction. It's weird to see that much fraction it's weird to see that much fraction but I will say you don't you can issue. But I will say you don't you can issue but I will say you don't you can issue particularly because we have. Particularly because we have particularly because we have functionality around auth required flags. Functionality around auth required flags functionality around auth required flags. you could issue one of something you could issue one of something you could issue one of something. And then if you built a smart contract and then if you built a smart contract and then if you built a smart contract. through either the Stellar turret through either the Stellar turret through either the Stellar turret. Network or network or network or even just a centralized service that even just a centralized service that. Even just a centralized service that allows people to sell allows people to sell allows people to sell. Buy and sell that asset you would buy and sell that asset you would buy and sell that asset you would . Basically allow that that sell that sale basically allow that that sell that sale. Basically allow that that sell that sale of the nft only through of the nft only through. Of the nft only through this one like endpoint where it this one like endpoint where it. this one like endpoint where it opened up opened up opened up authorization to whoever was. authorization to whoever was authorization to whoever was purchasing it sold that asset. Purchasing it sold that asset purchasing it sold that asset in an atomic swap on with the operations. In an atomic swap on with the operations in an atomic swap on with the operations. And then closed and then closed and then closed access so you could you can absolutely. Access so you could you can absolutely access so you could you can absolutely do this already. Do this already do this already it's just not incredibly natural it's just not incredibly natural . It's just not incredibly natural but it can absolutely work I'm but it can absolutely work I'm. But it can absolutely work I'm particularly interested in the atomic particularly interested in the atomic. Particularly interested in the atomic swap stuff because that removes so much swap stuff because that removes so much. Swap stuff because that removes so much of the math issue of the math issue of the math issue. Where you can you can sell 0.0000 where you can you can sell 0.0000 where you can you can sell 0.0000. Whatever for whatever for whatever for an infinite amount of the the counter an infinite amount of the the counter. An infinite amount of the the counter asset or the max asset or the max asset or the max. Amount of the counter asset and not run amount of the counter asset and not run amount of the counter asset and not run. Into any math issues it's just that into any math issues it's just that into any math issues it's just that. How do you create that transaction in a how do you create that transaction in a how do you create that transaction in a. Decentralized way where there isn't a decentralized way where there isn't a decentralized way where there isn't a. Third party that third party that third party that boy I sure hope they don't go down or i. Boy I sure hope they don't go down or I boy I sure hope they don't go down or I can't move my asset. Can't move my asset can't move my asset so work in that arena is something so work in that arena is something. So work in that arena is something that's super interesting and to me and that's super interesting and to me and. That's super interesting and to me and stuff something that I'm I'm stuff something that I'm I'm. Stuff something that I'm I'm particularly focused on particularly focused on particularly focused on. good any any follow-up good any any follow-up good any any follow-up questions around that otherwise we'll. Questions around that otherwise we'll questions around that otherwise we'll move on. Move on move on so here's one I want to buy a house with so here's one I want to buy a house with. So here's one I want to buy a house with a stranger a stranger a stranger this has been historically a horrible. This has been historically a horrible this has been historically a horrible idea is there any way. Idea is there any way idea is there any way xlm or nfts can alleviate all of the xlm or nfts can alleviate all of the. Xlm or nfts can alleviate all of the problems with co-ownership of homes problems with co-ownership of homes. Problems with co-ownership of homes or real estate I don't know steve or real estate I don't know steve. Or real estate I don't know steve zack thoughts around co-ownership with zack thoughts around co-ownership with. Zack thoughts around co-ownership with strangers on houses i'll let steve go strangers on houses i'll let steve go. Strangers on houses i'll let steve go first first first I'm happy to as well I was gonna say. I'm happy to as well I was gonna say I'm happy to as well I was gonna say after you but i. After you but I after you but I the short answer to the question is no I the short answer to the question is no i. The short answer to the question is no I think think think I think you still fall out the same ways. I think you still fall out the same ways I think you still fall out the same ways. I mean it's there's going to be a I mean it's there's going to be a I mean it's there's going to be a. Contract of some sort between you contract of some sort between you contract of some sort between you. But maybe I'm being limited in my but maybe I'm being limited in my but maybe I'm being limited in my. Thinking what do you think thinking what do you think thinking what do you think I think that nfts can solve a lot of. I think that nfts can solve a lot of I think that nfts can solve a lot of issues with traditional real estate. Issues with traditional real estate issues with traditional real estate I think if you but I think one of the. I think if you but I think one of the I think if you but I think one of the things and this is. Things and this is things and this is a spiel that I'm working on so I'm going a spiel that I'm working on so I'm going. A spiel that I'm working on so I'm going to test it here it's like to test it here it's like. To test it here it's like with all these other networks you know with all these other networks you know. With all these other networks you know decentralized decentralized decentralized distributed trustless systems or that's. Distributed trustless systems or that's distributed trustless systems or that's the highlight right so like bitcoin is. The highlight right so like bitcoin is the highlight right so like bitcoin is pressless period of your payments. Pressless period of your payments pressless period of your payments ethereum is stressless like applica. Ethereum is stressless like applica ethereum is stressless like applica decentralized applications. Decentralized applications decentralized applications and you can you know build on topic for. And you can you know build on topic for and you can you know build on topic for financial stuff. Financial stuff financial stuff Stellar is interesting because there's Stellar is interesting because there's. Stellar is interesting because there's this inherent requirement for trust this inherent requirement for trust. This inherent requirement for trust on the network because it tethers not on the network because it tethers not. On the network because it tethers not only digital assets but also real world only digital assets but also real world. Only digital assets but also real world assets assets assets and so if you take that kind of same. And so if you take that kind of same and so if you take that kind of same principle to nfts like. Principle to nfts like principle to nfts like you know there will be things that exist. You know there will be things that exist you know there will be things that exist. In real life that in real life that in real life that can exist in both worlds but you will. Can exist in both worlds but you will can exist in both worlds but you will still need to have a. Still need to have a still need to have a trust in like whatever that custodial trust in like whatever that custodial. Trust in like whatever that custodial power is so when I'm talking about nft's power is so when I'm talking about nft's. Power is so when I'm talking about nft's like circumvent the title company you like circumvent the title company you. Like circumvent the title company you know know know ideally you know that the title. Ideally you know that the title ideally you know that the title companies would companies would. Companies would anchor these assets and just adapt to anchor these assets and just adapt to. Anchor these assets and just adapt to the space instead of the space instead of the space instead of. Be relegated out it creates new be relegated out it creates new be relegated out it creates new. Economies for them economies for them economies for them they could have better processes maybe. They could have better processes maybe they could have better processes maybe that lowers the cost for even doing the. That lowers the cost for even doing the that lowers the cost for even doing the signing table stuff. Signing table stuff signing table stuff instead of getting everybody in a room instead of getting everybody in a room. Instead of getting everybody in a room to sign like they can just to sign like they can just. To sign like they can just click a button and digitally transfer click a button and digitally transfer. Click a button and digitally transfer that and so that and so that and so while you still have a record of the. While you still have a record of the while you still have a record of the physical thing in their vault you now. Physical thing in their vault you now physical thing in their vault you now also have a. Also have a also have a digital representation that anyone can digital representation that anyone can. Digital representation that anyone can view on ledger view on ledger view on ledger. and I think that you have to have and I think that you have to have and I think that you have to have. Trust when it comes to real world trust when it comes to real world trust when it comes to real world. Assets and there will always be have to assets and there will always be have to assets and there will always be have to. Be a facilitator for that be a facilitator for that be a facilitator for that but I don't think that means that you. But I don't think that means that you but I don't think that means that you can't disrupt. Can't disrupt can't disrupt systems like housing now with systems like housing now with. Systems like housing now with fractionalized stuff through the fractionalized stuff through the. Fractionalized stuff through the questions point you already have questions point you already have. Questions point you already have projects on Stellar that are projects on Stellar that are. Projects on Stellar that are are doing that kind of stuff where it's are doing that kind of stuff where it's. Are doing that kind of stuff where it's like an apartment like share like like an apartment like share like. Like an apartment like share like you can fractionalize that and that's you can fractionalize that and that's. You can fractionalize that and that's been a big use case that i've seen been a big use case that i've seen. Been a big use case that i've seen there's yeah I think a small handful there's yeah I think a small handful. there's yeah I think a small handful of companies doing some cool stuff with of companies doing some cool stuff with. Of companies doing some cool stuff with that that that already on the network so that's that. Already on the network so that's that already on the network so that's that use case is. Use case is use case is proof like that that can work but that's proof like that that can work but that's. Proof like that that can work but that's a different a different a different that's a different model completely than. That's a different model completely than that's a different model completely than. Like something like just like something like just like something like just I want to give self tyler my house. I want to give self tyler my house I want to give self tyler my house here's the title. Here's the title here's the title okay bye like it can't do that we can do okay bye like it can't do that we can do. Okay bye like it can't do that we can do it with cars for some reason though it with cars for some reason though. It with cars for some reason though but the government still verifies that but the government still verifies that. But the government still verifies that here in the united states here in the united states. Here in the united states yeah there's reinvention of systems yeah there's reinvention of systems. Yeah there's reinvention of systems which is great I suppose I interpreted which is great I suppose I interpreted. Which is great I suppose I interpreted the question of the question of the question of. will I better live with the person will I better live with the person will I better live with the person. That would be using fft that would be using fft that would be using fft oh yeah I may have misinterpreted it as. Oh yeah I may have misinterpreted it as oh yeah I may have misinterpreted it as well then. Well then well then yeah yeah depends on the yeah yeah depends on the . Yeah yeah depends on the the use case here we are we you know the use case here we are we you know. The use case here we are we you know gonna live in the house or are we just gonna live in the house or are we just. Gonna live in the house or are we just using as an investment because using as an investment because. Using as an investment because investment I think there is opportunity investment I think there is opportunity. Investment I think there is opportunity but but but if you're just buying with a random. If you're just buying with a random if you're just buying with a random stranger on craigslist that's . Stranger on craigslist that's stranger on craigslist that's I don't know they're still humans . I don't know they're still humans I don't know they're still humans well sorry. Well sorry well sorry just just to comment on that tyler it just just to comment on that tyler it. Just just to comment on that tyler it that is it gets really interesting that is it gets really interesting. That is it gets really interesting because because because if you look at ownership if you if you. If you look at ownership if you if you if you look at ownership if you if you do if you take what zach says and you. Do if you take what zach says and you do if you take what zach says and you you create a system where. You create a system where you create a system where the house is is kind of containerized. The house is is kind of containerized the house is is kind of containerized within. Within within nft or nf it'll have to be a number of nft or nf it'll have to be a number of. Nft or nf it'll have to be a number of nfts and if you can then nfts and if you can then. Nfts and if you can then easily split ownership easily split ownership easily split ownership. You know you can then take you know a you know you can then take you know a. You know you can then take you know a 50th 50th 50th share of a house have that as part of. Share of a house have that as part of share of a house have that as part of your investment portfolio. Your investment portfolio your investment portfolio have everything transparent that you. Have everything transparent that you have everything transparent that you know that's. Know that's know that's that's interesting and from a portfolio that's interesting and from a portfolio. That's interesting and from a portfolio point of view I think so too point of view I think so too. Point of view I think so too particularly when you start again particularly when you start again. Particularly when you start again opening up to retail investors or this opening up to retail investors or this. Opening up to retail investors or this idea of idea of idea of patronage where you tokenize. Patronage where you tokenize patronage where you tokenize a restaurant or something and . a restaurant or something and a restaurant or something and people who. People who people who who like that restaurant or when you who like that restaurant or when you. Who like that restaurant or when you look at art look at art look at art it's not so much an investment that i. It's not so much an investment that I it's not so much an investment that I hope to resell this thing I just want to. Hope to resell this thing I just want to hope to resell this thing I just want to. Support the people that I love and the support the people that I love and the support the people that I love and the. Art that they do and the things that art that they do and the things that art that they do and the things that. They make they make they make there's a huge target for that and there's a huge target for that and. there's a huge target for that and it's not it's not driven by it's not it's not driven by. It's not it's not driven by greed necessarily at least it's not greed necessarily at least it's not. Greed necessarily at least it's not monetary greed it's just I like this monetary greed it's just I like this. Monetary greed it's just I like this thing I want to see it exist and thing I want to see it exist and. Thing I want to see it exist and thrive and there's a whole market out thrive and there's a whole market out. Thrive and there's a whole market out there that I think we're only beginning there that I think we're only beginning. There that I think we're only beginning to really start to tap into that has to really start to tap into that has. To really start to tap into that has nothing to do with me getting rich nothing to do with me getting rich. Nothing to do with me getting rich and more me enriching the the artists and more me enriching the the artists. And more me enriching the the artists and creators that I love and creators that I love . And creators that I love so we need to we need to close out here so we need to we need to close out here. So we need to we need to close out here this has been this has been a fantastic this has been this has been a fantastic. This has been this has been a fantastic conversation one last question here conversation one last question here. Conversation one last question here for those who are not developers or for those who are not developers or. For those who are not developers or people that people that people that maybe more on the art side of things. maybe more on the art side of things maybe more on the art side of things this would be a good question perhaps. This would be a good question perhaps this would be a good question perhaps for . For for for fred how can they get involved how for fred how can they get involved how. For fred how can they get involved how can we start issuing art can we start issuing art. Can we start issuing art and music and begin to take advantage and music and begin to take advantage. And music and begin to take advantage of of of marketplaces like what you're what. marketplaces like what you're what marketplaces like what you're what you're building fred when. You're building fred when you're building fred when when are we going to get access what . When are we going to get access what when are we going to get access what what's the plan for the future. What's the plan for the future what's the plan for the future for non-developers what's the what's the. For non-developers what's the what's the for non-developers what's the what's the. Path forward so it's going to be path forward so it's going to be path forward so it's going to be. Live very soon just fixing the live very soon just fixing the live very soon just fixing the. Last details especially about last details especially about last details especially about. Trust stress testing and and security trust stress testing and and security. Trust stress testing and and security because we have created some some kind because we have created some some kind. Because we have created some some kind of of of like contracts with pre-order. Like contracts with pre-order like contracts with pre-order transactions just want to make sure that. Transactions just want to make sure that transactions just want to make sure that. There's no issues with this there's no issues with this there's no issues with this. And this is going to be live on and this is going to be live on and this is going to be live on. Lightning.com on the website you will lightning.com on the website you will lightning.com on the website you will. Have tools have tools have tools to create and without any programming to create and without any programming. To create and without any programming required required required to create to issue your asset on Stellar. To create to issue your asset on Stellar to create to issue your asset on Stellar. So so so just need to specify the art and if you just need to specify the art and if you. Just need to specify the art and if you want to you can store it on ipfs you can want to you can store it on ipfs you can. Want to you can store it on ipfs you can install it install it install it somewhere else and also we are also. Somewhere else and also we are also somewhere else and also we are also going to. Going to going to run an anchor for you so there will run an anchor for you so there will. Run an anchor for you so there will be a review be a review be a review we but yeah you will be able to. we but yeah you will be able to we but yeah you will be able to issue your assets. Issue your assets issue your assets without any technical knowledge fantastic very excited well thank you. Fantastic very excited well thank you any closing closing thoughts comments any closing closing thoughts comments. Any closing closing thoughts comments I mean I mean I mean I only have two closing things santa. I only have two closing things santa I only have two closing things santa won the first to bounce off of fred i. Won the first to bounce off of fred I won the first to bounce off of fred I think there's. Think there's think there's I think keep an eye out for that I'm I think keep an eye out for that I'm. I think keep an eye out for that I'm eager to experiment with it after seeing eager to experiment with it after seeing. Eager to experiment with it after seeing it it it there's also others I think around the. There's also others I think around the there's also others I think around the ecosystem already that you can play. Ecosystem already that you can play ecosystem already that you can play around with that do it. Around with that do it around with that do it like ever trying I think account based. Like ever trying I think account based like ever trying I think account based nfps and I don't. nfps and I don't nfps and I don't have the urls off the top of my head but have the urls off the top of my head but. Have the urls off the top of my head but I'm sure you can like dig around a I'm sure you can like dig around a. I'm sure you can like dig around a little bit if you're part of the Stellar little bit if you're part of the Stellar. Little bit if you're part of the Stellar community community community what I would say to do is that if you'd. What I would say to do is that if you'd what I would say to do is that if you'd want to see and if more nft projects on. Want to see and if more nft projects on want to see and if more nft projects on Stellar get involved in the. Stellar get involved in the Stellar get involved in the conversations on conversations on. Conversations on the dev group about it and like start the dev group about it and like start. The dev group about it and like start talking to other people that are talking to other people that are. Talking to other people that are developing developing developing nft based projects so some standards can. Nft based projects so some standards can nft based projects so some standards can. Get get get uniform across so these different things uniform across so these different things. Uniform across so these different things can begin to interpret can begin to interpret. Can begin to interpret the same like different assets that are the same like different assets that are. The same like different assets that are published the same way published the same way. Published the same way that would be my closing statement yep that would be my closing statement yep. That would be my closing statement yep yep absolutely Stellar global find us on yep absolutely Stellar global find us on. Yep absolutely Stellar global find us on discord and discord and discord and . Start start the discussion that's a start start the discussion that's a start start the discussion that's a. Great place to land I don't know if great place to land I don't know if great place to land I don't know if . Anybody wants to call out where they can anybody wants to call out where they can. Anybody wants to call out where they can keep up with you and the work that keep up with you and the work that. Keep up with you and the work that you're doing you're doing you're doing and then we will we will close out steve. And then we will we will close out steve and then we will we will close out steve. If you want to start where if you want to start where if you want to start where people can keep track of the work that. People can keep track of the work that people can keep track of the work that you're doing. You're doing you're doing yeah absolutely well come and say yeah absolutely well come and say. Yeah absolutely well come and say hello at task.I o hello at task.I o hello at task.I o. My like to be on on twitter I'm my like to be on on twitter I'm my like to be on on twitter I'm. at steve walker without an e at the at steve walker without an e at the at steve walker without an e at the. End so steve w-a-i-l-k-r end so steve w-a-i-l-k-r end so steve w-a-i-l-k-r and great to connect and really. And great to connect and really and great to connect and really appreciate you. Appreciate you appreciate you inviting me in today it's it's been a inviting me in today it's it's been a. Inviting me in today it's it's been a great experience thank you great experience thank you. Great experience thank you super yup it's been great to have you super yup it's been great to have you. Super yup it's been great to have you fred fred fred and sam so if you want to connect. And sam so if you want to connect and sam so if you want to connect with the project you can come and join. With the project you can come and join with the project you can come and join our community. Our community our community we are we have a discord community over we are we have a discord community over. We are we have a discord community over a thousand members a thousand members a thousand members. Lightmint.js you can type in your lightmint.js you can type in your lightmint.js you can type in your. Browser and you will browser and you will browser and you will get the invite link and then I'm there. Get the invite link and then I'm there get the invite link and then I'm there almost every day to talk so if you have. Almost every day to talk so if you have almost every day to talk so if you have any questions just. Any questions just any questions just don't hesitate and zach where can people don't hesitate and zach where can people. Don't hesitate and zach where can people pester you pester you pester you you guys can tag at `stellar.org` on. You guys can tag at `stellar.org` on you guys can tag at `stellar.org` on twitter and I will. Twitter and I will twitter and I will see every single thing that you have see every single thing that you have. See every single thing that you have ever pasted ever pasted ever pasted . There multiple times and yeah and there multiple times and yeah and there multiple times and yeah and. Then also then also then also you know the regular places you know the regular places . You know the regular places cubase all right super and once again cubase all right super and once again. Cubase all right super and once again I'm tyler vanderhofen you can find me I'm tyler vanderhofen you can find me. I'm tyler vanderhofen you can find me t-y-v-d-h t-y-v-d-h t-y-v-d-h on twitter that's the best place to find. On twitter that's the best place to find on twitter that's the best place to find. Me I also do hang out on discord me I also do hang out on discord me I also do hang out on discord. Occasionally occasionally occasionally this has been a ton of fun thank you all this has been a ton of fun thank you all. This has been a ton of fun thank you all for joining for joining for joining . We will catch you later hopefully we will catch you later hopefully we will catch you later hopefully . Conversing around art conversing around art conversing around art thank you very much see you all thank.
